I don't know what I was expecting. I started watching because I saw the rating was at 7.99 and I thought this story would be somewhat similar to "Mahoutsukai no Yome". As cliche as a story like "beauty and the beast" would be, I thought if it was a boring story then the art must be fantastic since something made the rating go up to 7.99.... but I thought wrong.. . . First, the art is just sub-par (4/10). Nothing unique. The 1st episode showed the motions of the characters being somewhat fluid, but just as expected, as soon as it reached the 2nd ep it turns all ...
Bad finish for a bad anime.. I didn't want to make a review but there is to much good comments for this.. It was powerful nullity from A to Z, and the finish was so shabby that the last «season» happens to be even worse than the rest.. The characters are bland and meaningless, nothing and no one is endearing.. I present you a bland animated cliché and caricatural with a poor little nerd who wants to take the princess.. If you want to see an uninteresting romance that will make you discover nothing but maintain the clichés on their category, well bored and not be able to chain ...
An unfortunately disappointing anime with a somewhat unique premise that could've played differently.. In short, Rishe, the main character, is already "too perfect". She is incredibly smart, and therefore can outsmart literally anyone in the show, even those that are supposed to pose a challenge to her. On the one hand, she acts independently and goes out there and does her own things, but on the other hand, the moment Arnold (the male MC) is involved, she melts into a blushing mess.. I haven't found the romance to be particularly good. I don't really think there's much chemistry between the two leads. Rishe claims he wants ...
This is such a frustrating series. The premise both felt like it was written specifically to appeal to me and repulse me. The former because, as someone who commonly takes on the healer role in online games but still likes to throw hands as a healer, the entire concept of a "wrong way to use healing magic" felt more personally investing. The latter because it's as basic isekai as isekai premises get: three students (because of course they need high schoolers) get summoned to a fantasy world because they have to save the kingdom, one of whom just ends up coming along for the ride ...
Serial Experiments Lain is a story that would be infinitely better told as a few dozen-page short story or a feature-length film, NOT a 13-episode TV series.. . The only reason I give it a 6 is because of reading a few think pieces about the ending that made me appreciate it a bit more. I like the *idea* of the story, but hell, I have plenty of *ideas* for stories I'd like to write someday so that's not really impressive. The thing that impresses me about storytelling is the ability of a writer to take an idea and *show* it to an audience. This show is, ...
I somewhere heard that this anime has harem and an overpowered male lead i mean the title of the anime itself says it " The Ice Blade Sorcerer Shall Rule the World" but male lead is not strong at least that's how it looked to me ! i mean even if he is nerfed down for specific reason he still should be strong than those mediocre villains right? ! haaaa.... the plot just make him look pathetic in fights ! okay so leaving this thing aside the series touches some weird things and aspects ! which are hit and miss for me ! the harem ...
While the story boasts some uniqueness and features strong characters, its execution falls short of greatness. The art style is decent, but overall, it lacks the captivating elements that truly draw readers in. Perhaps it struggles to distinguish itself from similar works in the genre. To improve, the narrative could benefit from deeper exploration of its unique aspects, injecting more originality into its plot developments or character arcs. Additionally, enhancing the visual elements to better reflect the story's strengths and themes could elevate the overall experience for the audience. With refinement and attention to detail, this work has the potential to evolve into something truly ...
The beginning of this anime story is quite promising with enough comedy to make me laugh.. Here I thought why a cute anime like this has a small score?. And that was answered when I watched the second episode and so on.. . This anime has beautiful characters and is enough to interest me, for comedy it is also quite funny and can make you laugh.. But unfortunately this anime doesn't know how to put the brakes on, there's too much comedy and it's constantly in situations where it shouldn't be.. And this is the main weakness, when someone continues to be given comedy but the comedy is not funny then ...
Look, I don't know what the author was thinking when he did it, but probably... Fuck, I don't care. When I read the synopsis and saw what it was about, I expected something better. He had the knife and cheese in his hand and he didn't do it, no nonsense, at least as far as I saw. The protagonist is just a virgin who seems afraid of eating pussy.I know that many animes do this too, of dragging it out as much as possible and for Sometimes you don't even get what you expect. It's a bad thing about ecchi anime. As I'm already tired ...
Jaku-Chara Tomozaki-kun season 2 had a huge falloff from season 1 because it was engaging enough since season 2 was just a loop for 13 episodes.. In season 1 we really he tomozaki develop from being a bum to a regular person but in season 2 now that he starts off as a regular person it feels a bit odd that hes still doing tasks for someone whos a little bit higher on the social hierachy then him. the interactions he has in season 2 are almost completely normal and that made the plot really hard to drag on because he really cant grow or ...
Let's look at the current year, shall we? Uh, as I'm writing this, it says here that it is 2024. Mind explaining to me why this anime came out in 2024? Because this is something that should have come out in the '90s, and should have promptly been forgotten and only kept alive in a few 30-year-old people's minds because of nostalgia from a time in which their brains weren't particularly capable of judging how good an anime could be.. . The most attractive thing about Gekkan Mousou Kagaku is probably its English title: "Delusional Monthly Magazine". When someone reads this title, they'd probably expect something bizarre ...
i had to write a review on this.. . i was hyped, the concept was interesting enough, the studio was good, the few things that we managed to see before the release were good, it seemed like a genuine good watch packed with interesting plot and awesome action scenes.. . nothing far from reality, it's so boring and non interesting, the storyline is too confusing and cryptic, you feel like stuff just happens, the whole anime feels... bland, almost like if it was in black and white, characters that are pretty one dimensional and don't really get the moments to explain why they are the way they are... and ...
My friend named Alpha recommended this anime to me a while ago, me and my other friends bullied him for it for years. Where can I start... Grandpa pedophile, yes, this is how this masterpiece of mediocrity literally begins. Their characters are fucking poorly written, it's like my 8-year-old cousin Lois was trying to write a novel. Him comedy makes me want to cry and castrate myself more than to laugh, thanks to it my life is now a constant hell full of despair and sadness. Pain, violence, horrors, and many other things is what this aberration has made me feel. Why the hell is ...
The show falls apart in this season/part. it fulls apart in the manga as well. ever since some specific country was introduced and hasyama tried to shove them into the plot with force again and again. the manga is even more boring. the plot is so boring yet complicated. like the entire idea of how the titan works. the lame ass WW2 refrences everywhere. yeha we get it already!. and eren. his motivation makes absolutly 0 sense and hes just a emo cry baby that think hes the center of the universe and convientlly everyone worship him.. . you have a group of less then 10 ...
The plot might be interesting, but the age gap is weird, overall this anime is a bit boring and not very exciting. All the misunderstanding between two characters is a common thing in each anime on the theme of romance, but here it is poorly executed and boring.. . Honestly, if you want to watch a little anime with a few episodes, maybe go watch something else. This is clearly forgettable and a waste of time.. . At least the art style is kinda cute and the guy is quite handsome but that's it.. I'm kinda tired of naive anime girls in shoujo genre. And the guy looks ...
The story wants you to feel sorry for a terrible MC, yes characters should be flawed and yes he had a bad life before hand but why should I feel sorry if he's a grown man in a body of a child pursuing a relationship with a minor, which yes he ultimately does the deed with her in season 2. No spoiler warning because if you really wanted to be pleasantly surprised with that, you need help. I think that's all you really need to know about this series. If you can look passed this and enjoy the other elements which I admit they have ...
Are you sure about the title Torture?. I do not think so! A suitable title for this anime is seduction, not torture.. . In the first episode I thought this would be done as the title says using torture then the princess refuses to be tortured, but unfortunately this isn't torture!. I was surprised when he was brought Toast and with a lot of pleasantries that were already very cliche made a little annoyed by this, Moreover, when every time you are tempted by food, an image will definitely arise describing how the food was made, the aroma, atmosphere and the like will appear in the Princess's mind.. . I ...
bro the amount of plot holes and unnecessary fan service is just... animation is alr nothing out of the ordinary.. characters have 0 personality - very bland, dialogues are forced and there is no real progression to the story., there are just things... happening. the emotion this piece is trying to evoke are simply not there cs you truly dont care about any of the characters.. if it wasnt for masked tumblr sexy man and forced yuri between 2 mc noone would watch this im pretty sure.. music was alr but again nothing groundbreaking. u can do better with ur time than watch this trust me lol
The genre of the spin off is : Comedy, Fantasy. If it was slice of life, I would have given it a 6 at best.. Even Slice of life animes like "By the Grace of the Gods" and "The Weakest Tamer Began a Journey to Pick Up Trash" or Food animes like "Delicious in Dungeon" have better character development and plot.. Even Naruto fillers had better character development and plot than this.. This spin-off is as bad as the fillers of One piece (including the 23 minute clay animation episodes).. . The characters follow their simplistic character traits and have no growth.. The stories are neither humorous nor worth pondering.. You can't just ...
I really tried with this anime, because it promises magic/supernatural elements and battles. However, it has so little substance that I dropped it. The MC is boring up to the point of being annoying. Nothing happens every single episode. Even the battles are depicted in a way that they don't seem to matter.. . The animation in itself isn't bad, but the battles are straight up lazy. Attacks that are only half shown, a blast that goes past a character yet the character seems to be hurt, that kind of stuff. None of the characters seem to have any personality, no info is given about any ...
Preety disappointed.Feel like its a filler seasons where some Sidestory take place which arnt relevant .Too much peptalk about this and that.In every episode "i know you, you are weak or "you should die because you have no magic" This type of shit Nd please why 70% of anime is talking and talking. The season 1 was kinda perfect.where you actually feel some tence moments, good fights, op mc and funny jokes. But this season is so fukin slow that you will be skipping scenes every minuite. The pace is way slow for 12 episode anime.Nothing groundbreaking happens this time.The jokes are very blunt ,not ...
It uses almost every cliche there is in a "hero and maou" + "villainess" animes, which would be fine, but the portrayal is terrible, the art sucks in a lot of moments, the CGI is 🤮, and every possible emotional character development is shunned by the mc being dense af and making jokes about how self-aware she is of what's gonna happen next.. The secondary characters have no character development, and even the primary characters don't develop much other than just a change of attitude due to admiration of the MC by the end of the episode. No character development for them from that point onwards.. There ...
I watched it in Japanese and the pacing was just off the chart, swinging all over the place throughout the dialogue. The english subtitles were very poorly done and I only have N5 level japanese, so it was difficult to follow the dialogue and figure out what was actually said.. . It's a show that drags on and is episodic in nature without really getting anywhere. There isn't much character development, with the characters acting the exact same way each episode, and without much variance in scenarios. It's full of tropes and doesn't do a good job at introducing any changes in behaviours because honestly, ...
Tl;dr: Cheap, ridiculous, commercialized coomer shit.. . I have reluctantly watched all episodes and I am up to date on the manga.. This is one of those series that panders to the lowest, most degenerate anime followers, and that is saying something. Blatant commercialized fodder for horny otakus with little substance. Before you watch it, understand that it is low budget softcore ecchi porn and a magical girl parody with the occasional laugh. It’s not wholesome. It’s not very funny. It is more of a long commercial/meme than anything. Also keep in mind that the entire show involves the explicit sexualization, subtextual rape ...
I figured out what this show is. It's the anime equivalent of an afternoon soap opera. . Everyone's an idiot, lots of talking and building up to half-baked plot points that try to seem complicated, out of character actions sometimes.. The premise started out really strong, if only they figured out how to execute the writing without infodumping every scene making zero progress in the story. And when the characters actually share their oh so important backstory, zero flashback visuals, its just a still shot of them talking. what is the point of having so much dialogue when you can't even flesh out the characters properly
I liked watching mashle because it felt like an airy-light hearted comedy. But I was deeply unsatisfied with the ending. The whole show feels very rushed, they just drop a bunch of loose ropes and create plot holes, and characters become way too flat/dumb. But nonetheless, I enjoyed Mash's stupid solutions to problems. I never got tired of seeing all the other characters have their jaw drops at his plans. But unfortunately they rushed the end of the arc and left us with a bad taste in our mouths. I wouldn't recommend anyone this show unless they really want to see a one punch man ...
Gekai Elise is a Medical Romance anime that is has Double Reincarnation + Time Loop.. We have our main character Elise who was reincarnated in modern world after being executed in her first life. We learn that she was definitely not a gift. She did have very bad attitude and was obsessed with idea marriage with the Prince. In this life she had a loving family and easy life but after reincarnation her life was not easy. In this life she became a very famous doctor but sadly she died again (Luck is not on her side as we can see) after this she is Reincarnated ...
The ecchi that had the most potential but they decided to be afraid of success.. . This work is well known for its ecchi more than anything else. Those of us who made the decision to watch it knew that its strongest appeal would be the fights and fanservice. The bad thing is that the worst of the work is just what we expected the most, the fights and the fanservice. I would like to take the story into account so I can give it some extra points, but they don't even take it seriously. The only thing the anime seeks is to try to provide the ...
My experience with this series is that i picked up the seasons untill i catched up, from an only anime point of view, you are in for a treat well !! kind of, afterwards i read the source material and oh boy My disappointment is immeasurable, and my day is ruined!!.. . nothing to say no point in repeating other reviews, they provided enough analysis on why this adaptation flopped, spare yourself some time and go read the light novel, i do not respect the the effort put into the production As a whole ,they are lucky they got the hype it did nonetheless they suck, the ...
This needs to be a note for all the Anime Industry, that good characters alone are not enough but must be accompanied by a story and how the story is conveyed to the audience.. . In this anime we can see five girls with good character designs and big breasts.. I think this is enough to attract the audience's interest.. But unfortunately this anime can only be enjoyed by a handful of people, especially those who understand mahjong, while many of you, including myself, don't understand what mahjong is at all.. When discussing mahjong or when playing, I could only watch and not enjoy the content of the story.. Apart from ...
Four episodes was enough for me. Main character constantly sexually assaults all of the women he comes across. There was nothing but crotch and chest shots at every opportunity. I am VERY unsure how any of the characters tolerate Licht if the possibility of being groped is on the table. He does that to them, they find out he’s actually cool, anddd suddenly all is forgiven? I guess.. hey at least he kicky real good?. . I do not know how anyone can like this series, unless you can just push aside the CONSTANT fan service, unlikable characters, messy plot, and CONSTANT sexual assault.
Hello my dear readers! The following review contains jokes that may be offensive, so if you are a fan of "Rebite Cleberson" you can skip the entire review and give me a confused face, it even helps me to give it relevance.. . Starting off, when it comes to ANIME, Rebite Cleberson can certainly be one of the worst in history, it's not an exaggeration to say that you have to work hard to produce such a bad anime. Bad is not enough, to be bad you have to improve a lot. So as not to say that I'm just spreading hate about the anime, I'll start ...
At first I quite liked this anime, the MC and Gal meeting is something that happens very often in various anime titles.. Even so, I was expecting something interesting from this anime.. . But I'm so fed up with lucky characters like this MC, who just moved in and gets a girl he doesn't even know at all. What's worse is that the girl wants to follow MC everywhere, to be honest it's very annoying to see.. Moreover, other Gal will join in the third episode.. . The MC himself, or the male character, is very unsightly, starting from the facial design and messy hair, Moreover, the reaction is quite annoying, ...
It's a boring performance from an outcast Shield.. It is said that MC has a shield strength of up to 9999, but when fighting against snakes MC are already overwhelmed, where does that strength lie?. I think that when the MC is thrown out of the group, the MC will show his true strength and make the group regret leaving him.. But apparently not!. After discarding MC is still weak, 9999 resistance is just bullshit.. . Apart from that, MC turns out to be a Siscon, or an older brother who likes his younger sibling too much.. Honestly, this is a bit disgusting considering that this anime is a fantasy and ...
I expected interesting things from this anime, especially telling about Loli as Healing from the tiredness of working all day.. But unfortunately it's not that sweet.. . The first thing that this Office Worker who suddenly died was very stupid, when asked if he wanted to have the power of teleportation or the ultimate weapon, he answered that he wanted to pet an animal with soft fur. Stupid!. . Let's get past this MC's stupid decision, the storyline is also very inappropriate, I thought this anime would tell about the MC's daily life with cute animals but apparently not.. There were lots of conflicts here and there, especially what made me ...
This anime is really unorganized, the storyline is completely ruined, where is this anime actually going to focus? In Isekai or in his own world? I am also confused!. . When reading synopses from various websites, many people think that this anime will be similar to anime Rōgo ni Sonaete Isekai de 8-manmai no Kinka wo Tamemasu, I also think the same thing, but it's a shame that this anime is far from its initial concept.. At first I thought MC would focus on collecting money to survive, but apparently not, MC and Isekai's affairs seemed to pass quickly, all agreements went smoothly.. Even the MC can immediately enjoy ...
This anime suffers from the most common problem of almost all "genius" animes. The supposed geniuses are actually super stupid. The only time you aren't 10 steps ahead of every character is when the story deliberately hides critical information from the viewer. I like to think I'm pretty smart, I probably am too arrogant for my own good - thinking I'm smarter than I actually am... BUT, I certainly don't think I'm like one of the hundred or even 10 thousand smartest people on earth. The main char is supposed to be 1 in 100million. Think of that mathematically... that's 10 per billion - lets ...
Disappointing. This anime tries to impress viewers with complex philosophical ideas and questions concerning existence, virtual reality or beliefs. However, the plot itself is so extravagant that eventually it becomes too painful and annoying to watch. Many motifs don't even matter and would change absolutely nothing if they were removed. So hey, let's keep it short: we are presented with a bunch of dull, often unexplained scenes, occasionally embellished with some edgy captions, sometimes trying to form some kind of storyline. The rest is left open to interpretation: you can, for example, build some very deep meaning around it and feel intellectually stimulated. Or just ...
Watched this yesterday, mercifully sort, it's really shallow. not as smart as it thinks it is, by parodying the Iseki and vileness genres, but trying to play it straight, we've seen this story a million times done better. it barely qualifies as animation as its mostly static shots and "anime effects" like motion lines. its use of CG is atrocious. character designs are as bland as they can be.. There were a couple punchlines that made me chuckle. but if you've seen one Isekai vileness, and "One" aloof overpowered protagonist, you've seen this show done better. 4/10 because ...
A decent comedy with a great main character, but everything else is too bland to bother.. . Plot. MC gets Isekai-ed into a video game as a character who becomes the "hidden boss" after demon lord's defeat. In order to survive, she decides to become strong and.. actually becomes too strong (lvl 99). But some things start going off script, so she tries her best to fix the plot and make sure that the "heroine" and her harem can actually defeat the demon lord.. . Review. . Positives:. This is a comedy show and its best asset is our MC. Her OP abilities combined with bad social skills is what drives this show. ...
This was an alright anime. I liked how the main boys didn't fall our isekaied villainess and she didn't try to win over them either. Other than that, I didn't find anything remarkable. The comedy was fine, it didn't make me chuckle and the action was not that great either. There was a really good plot potential towards the end when the two main female leads could have been utilized well but I guess they chose to go with a cheesy route.. . I wish the main girl could have had more personality to her, she was indifferent to most things that happened. The concept was ...
First of all it's a waste of your time. If you have extra time in you hands and you want to waste it then watch this anime.. . The animation's trash. Specially the fight scenes. It could have been unnoticed if the fight scenes were not shit. The story will turn your brain to mush. There is no plot what so ever. The moment the protagonist faces some hardships he instantly solves them. The protagonist has plot armor thicker then any other anime protagonist out there. The character development is absent totally. The levels of the characters steadily increased without them even doing anything in the anime. ...
The second season of Ajin, or Ajin Part 2, falls short of the expectations set by its predecessor. While the animation and visuals remain polarizing, there are instances where they seem to have regressed in quality. Though bursts of fast-paced action from the first season are present in some episodes, the overall pacing of the season is notably slower. While certain episodes delve into character development, exploring their backgrounds and motivations, the series is weighed down by the introduction of several story-lines that fail to advance the plot, resulting in a bloated and unevenly paced narrative. Moreover, the conclusion feels underwhelming, appearing rushed and lacking ...
Incredible squandered potential. It almost makes me madder because I can see that this was nearly a great show. It has all the elements but it feels like it was, quite literally, put together in the wrong order.. This has everything going for it. This should have been a slam dunk for me. It has everything I like:. *Gunvolt-esque robot master robot warriors with gimmick powers. *robo-revolution. *cute character design. *SPACE. *good music. *good writing - ERROR:404. The sticking point here is that this may be some of the worst TV anime writing I have experience in quite a while. I acknowledge that I haven't watched seasonal anime for ages. Maybe I've let ...
I feel more like this is a greatest hits album of votoms. The first arc is quite literally two characters going on an anniversary reunion tour of every major location from the first series. It can only really aspire to remind me of better TV. It kills off characters I liked and muddies the legacy of others. It was a series of events that managed to even undo the controversial, but in my opinion exciting ending of the original, but replacing it with one even weirder and likely offputting to anyone who didn't like the original.. The animation is serviceable but not energetic or particularly inspired. ...
Spanning 366 episodes, Bleach is regarded as one of the big shonen shows out there, sitting at the same table as One Piece, Naruto and Dragonball. Watching it in 2024, however, I can tell you that Bleach aged like milk.. . First of all, I could sit here and talk about fillers all day, but we've all seen the memes. Bleach is *at least* 45% filler, but even that is a generous number. If you remove all the useless shonen tropes like pointless flashbacks, repetitive shouts, long running scenes, still shots, slow camera panning and reused frames, you'll soon realize that Bleach is more like 70% filler.. . Bleach ...
It's crazy how half of the main cast of characters are UNBEARABLE and single-handedly ruin the whole show. Chilchuck is unlovable, but the worst of the two is Marcille. How can a character be this annoying??!! Every episode is the same gag; Marcille screams and doesn't want to eat monster, eats monster, likes it, repeat. You would think that after the first two episodes, both Chilcuck and Marcille would stop SCREAMING and ruining the mood. Thanks to these two characters, the dynamic of the party, and in fact, the whole show is ruined. I would rather watch a show following JUST Laios and Senshi ...
This show is so bad that it’s made me climb out of my swamp-ass-infested gaming chair out of pure testosterone-fuelled rage just to write a review, which is something I don’t normally do.. . ——— Story: 2/10 ———. The only reason this isn’t getting a 1/10 is because there is some semblance of a story, and I say this out of pure generosity because the string risking life and limb to keep this narrative intact is incredibly thin. It introduces itself as a clear parody of an isekai, and it’s all downhill from there. Countless plot holes, no clear objective to the main story, and multiple sub-stories ...
This show exemplifies a lot of things that have just been annoying me about anime, especially modern anime. First thing that is pretty inconsequential but actually pisses me off is the long and overly specific titles. It is a title, not a premise. Why couldn’t this just be called Villainess Level 99? That’s all we need. It tells us the main character and the premise of them being OP. If we want to know more we could read the synopsis or, I don’t know, watch the fucking show. This next complaint might just be a cultural difference but it is the utter unoriginality in anime. ...
If anyone wants to know the story of Villainess Level 99, I recommend reading the manga or the light novel, the anime was terrible.. . The anime was perfect until episode 9, there was a slight slip in episode 10, episode 11 was very good and even surprised, but episode 12 destroyed the work, simply cutting out Alicia's betrayal of Oswald and William destroys any chance of a new season for the anime.. . Alicia: The heroine of the game, in the novel she is an extremely racist person, she hates anyone who has black or brown hair just because when she was a child in a book she ...
What's wrong with you? 9.3, my foot.. . First three episodes. The felt truly magical, especially compared to what the industry has been putting out lately. The OST, animation, and style are wonderful, and they complement the solemn beginning of the story very well.. . Next two episodes. The first impression magic slowly wanes, and you get accustomed to the quality of the show's technical sides. Now you redirect your attention to the main characters and the story. Well, the former are flat, and the latter is kinda too much reminiscing and aimless wandering. But it's just started, surely it will get better. It's probably just a precursor to ...
All right, look, the animation is amazing. I love watching Hyouka AMVs because they make it LOOK like it's a great show ... but it isn't. I saw all the glowing reviews so I tried it and had to give up 9 episodes in because the story was so half-assed and boring. Then I saw some AMVs and they made it look so good that I finished it and nope! It definitely never got good. Not even close.. . Because for starters, there are no actual characters in this show other than the main character, Oreki. I've got to assume the creators saw themselves in him, ...
I read the Synopsis for this and it honestly didn’t sound that interesting to me. I thought it would be your generic Isekai and it basically is. After watching it i was pleasantly surprised at first. The show startet out very fun and interesting. It was honestly a great watch in the first few episodes!. Sadly the author of this story is a huge f*cking pervert with a fetish for underage girls and ruined the story. Some of the dialogue was honestly appalling and should put the author on a watchlist.. Disgusting.. . Please just don’t watch this! It will only make you mad.
This is a music video for the song that was used as Frieren's second opening. The animation is completely different from the animation in the anime.. . The animation in this music video is purely CGI and looks quite bad. The good thing about this CGI animation is that it offers a possible interpretation of the lyrics of the song but it was quite painful to watch when compared to the animation that was used for the opening in the anime; even if this animation didn't relate to the lyrics.. . The song itself was good but you'll known whether or not you like it based on ...
THE POWER OF FRIENDSHIP (2023). . ..... . Sorry I mean Megumi no Daigo: Kyuukoku no Orange (2023). . This show, honestly, I am so glad it is over. I don't know what people were thinking about commissioning this since there are so many better stories you could do. The show suffers badly from its storyline, lets watch people do a job but make it slightly over the top for entertainment but keep that line. They could have made a show about watching accountants do accounting and suddenly a last-minute client turns up and the music starts. It would be the same vibe as this show.. . This is my worst show ...
I loved the art and the tone this show sometimes achieved, but Christ did the writing make it unwatchable. Every character is a flat stereotype of their race or something like "being evil." The world building is childish with a king of goodness and puppies, king of being mean and stinky and a chaos lady “because balance” being the full extent of it. It has less moral dimensions than He-Man.. . Those could have been great ideas. Having an objective model of good and evil that move on a cosmic level to be balanced or swing to and fro *could* be interesting if it were ever ...
Weak. Just weak. You have a blonde gyaru with a funny accent, that should already be a massive win, so I don't understand how it's possible to mess this up this badly, but here it is.. . The whole show is like a broken record. Guy meets up with gyaru, they eat something, "UMAAAAAAAAA~~!", guy gets embarrassed, the end. This is every single episode of this show. If you ever had the feeling anime (especially slice of life) is running off of a template, this will amplify that feeling 10x, except the template is only 1 page long.. . It's just a waste of time and that's coming from ...
Kusuriya has a solid start, but it loses itself halfway through, when both character development and plot progression come to a halt.. . The show has some elements of a historical drama and of romance, but it focuses mostly on the genre of mystery. Regarding drama and romance: the show is not great, as the personality of the protagonist doesn't suit the genres well, because she is content by just being left alone and she is quite unemotional as well (both genres prefer emotional protagonists who want to have strong connections), and this has the effect that the show lacks a bit in both stakes and hooks ...
Spoiler-less, TL;DR, fast, simple, and easy-to-digest review:. . Isekai, Usual Trash, Too Shallow. . 3/10. . Animation? Meh (-). Mediocre at best. Bland at worst.. . Characters? Trash (---). ...
Such a shame this turned out the way it did. It had the ingredients on-paper to be a fun little OVA series, but it's just wasted on lame jokes, completely random and inconsequential plot, and empty characters.. . The story starts off by introducing and uniting the three main characters... and then the rest of the story is driven by random events out of nowhere to propel it along. There's no telling how you got where you are and where you'll end up in the next five seconds. It's entirely disjointed and eventually just drops the very tenuous direction that it even had, which ...
Watching just one or two episodes, one may not realize how monotonous it can be, especially due to the quality of the characters and their relationships. However, the problem arises when watching more episodes, as the work seems to lose its momentum and offer nothing new.. . There is a lack of elements to hold the viewer's attention and encourage them to watch the next episode, making the narrative somewhat monotonous. Although it didn't bother me directly while watching, sometimes it feels like we already know everything that will happen. Although it avoids clichés, the absence of cliffhangers at the end of episodes could make a difference. ...
The computer-generated animation, especially of the 3D monsters, stands out from the rest and is negatively surprising. The presence of rotoscoping in some parts also causes strangeness and tends to be remembered by the audience. Although high-quality animation could change this impression, the impact on the anime would be limited. This choice likely reflects a low budget, considering that the work's proposal does not demand such fluid scenes.. . It's understandable to have greater tolerance with Japanese works when they address religious issues, given the poetic freedom and secular culture of Japan. However, an anime that centralizes its plot on religion and makes direct and explicit criticisms ...
I went to watch this anime about Hime being tortured with all kinds of mouthwatering food and heartwarming friendships that she got along the way, not knowingly that the only one that got the actual side of torture was me, actually.. . It's a cute show, the first episode got me hooked, I'll give them that, It really tries to come close to being a light-hearted comedy anime, but the repetition made watching every episode till the end a difficult task. That is why I wish I had stopped back in the earlier episodes.. . Using the same dialogue and format is fine, but there is an art for ...
I dont see what the fuzz is about this show. Average at best, cookie cutter shounen. Suffers from the same issue Kimetsu no Yaiba has, too much effort invested into animation and low effort into character design, world building, etc.. . The power system is barely explained upon and some of the powers come straight out of a toddlers mind. Nanami's "Ratio Technique" is idiotic. He can divide anything into "lengths" which are subdivided into a ratio of 7:3, at the separation point there will be a weak point. (?????) The length to be decided by Nanami has no limitations so essentialy he can place the weak ...
tbh this anime had potential, i liked the concept and the animation is pretty solid considering mappa animated it but god did they fumble so bad. I think i speak for everyone when i say the MC is so thrash, all he wants is to lose his virginity and is just a big simp, thats litrally it he has no other characteristic. He contributes nothing for the show and keeps getting stomach ache when shit gets serious. He also has no self respect and would do anything if a cute girl tells him to do it. There have been some anime like Chainsaw man ...
This is one of those animes that 12 year olds and angsty teenagers will love for all the action, shock and awe, and ethically questionable shameless fanservice. But if you are even a normally functioning, semi decent human being, you'd be embarrassed at yourself for ever watching and liking this as you grow older.. . The characters pulls powers out of their asses in fight scenes. Overused Clichés and tropes thrown around at the walls to see what sticks. Character Motovations doesn't makes sense. Main protagonist is a child looking overpowered walking deus ex machina with a hidden edgy powerup mode who fails willingly when its ...
A waste of talent. . When I first saw the trailer for Ninja Kamui I thought "this has some potential". Needless to say this show was far below my expectations. . Story:. Just a revenge quest, nothing more, nothing less.. . Characters:. Each character can be boiled down to 1 character trait like small horny guy, the one non-corrupt cop, and "my family's dead what do I do". ...
Mold should grow on you watching this show.. What a terrible, bland and pointless show that was. Even for those of us perfectly fine with a slow and peaceful anime, this one could represent a bit of a challenge of sort. The first issue here is that you will learn nothing. There is outrageously and absolutely nothing to learn from this anime - even from its main theme alone - starting at episode 1 till it ends. The second issue is that while you will learn nothing about farming, you will instead learn that you can blatantly reused others shows ideas, and what's more, without making ...
Spoiler-less, TL;DR, fast, simple, and easy-to-digest review:. . OP, Closet, (Yawn...). . 4/10. . Animation? Ok (+). Decent art and animation... but its only good for like 5 years ago. But this is released in 2023... and aired alongside the GOAT Isekai Anime which is Mushoku Tensei. I'd say, this anime doesn't try to compete in this criteria.. . Characters? Bad (--). ...
Spoiler-less, TL;DR, fast, simple, and easy-to-digest review:. . Siscon, Erotic, Shallow. . 5/10. . Animation? Ok (+). Acceptable art style and animation. It's just not great enough.. . Characters? Meh (-). ...
If you like mindless self-insert power fantasy with decent animation you'll definitely enjoy Solo Leveling. This anime is just your standard run-of-the-mill power fantasy that doesn't do anything to stand out. Its only somewhat redeeming quality is its okay animation.. . I went in with no expectation and was still disappointed, I can't describe this show without the word cringe. I'm not sure if the show was written by a 15 years old loser who never had human interaction in his life or by a self-aware author who just wanted to cater to a wide audience. This series just doesn't have anything worth mentioning: the characters are ...
Sousou no Frieren," an anime with tremendous potential, ends up suffering the same fate as a run of the mill anime. Frieren had something special, and that was its premise: an immortal elf grappling with the impermanence of human life after the death of her companions. However, the potential was destroyed, but how? Very slowly anime with a story lacking direction and constantly introducing unplanned events that made the viewer much more confused and forgot the purpose of the journey because not even our characters were discussing it anymore. The biggest problem with this anime is its pacing; episodes feel like a race between snails and ...
The story of FLCL is the equivalent of eating paint and snorting horse tranquilizers.The art style a lot of times looked like someone took a shit on their drawing tablet and posted it to all streaming platforms. The only time this show was funny, was when the school blew up or when Naota got ran over by the crazy bitch Haruko.This shit only makes sense if you are on drugs. I have never been more confused and questioned my sanity more times in my life than watching FLCL. Please do not recommend this to someone who has never seen an anime, because they will never ...
Visually fantastic, this anime falls down HARD on the story. It looked so good that I really wanted to like it, but I just cant. The idea that the very concept of evil (what the show calls malevolence) can be physically defeated just doesn't make any sense.. . The enemies in the show are the manifestation of high levels of malevolence, IE bad emotions cause malevolence, and if too much malevolence builds up it manifests into a variety of evil creatures. The problem really comes from the next part, which is that the MC can defeat these creatures to eliminate malevolence, even ...
I went into this anime with average expectations. I didn't set the bar high or low but I wanted to watch it because a lot of people have been giving it great ratings and one review here even said they enjoyed it more than Frieren (blasphemy by the way) though I took that with a grain of salt before even going in anyways. Basically my point is, I went in unbiased of it being amazing or bad. But here is my review. I'm going to break it down into 5 parts. Animation, OST, Story, Characters, and my Overall final thoughts on it.. . . Animation: 5/10 (Average). Studio Trigger ...
Even though I've seen shows that are objectively worse, this is the first show that has made me want to pull my brains out through my ears with a metal hook. It seems this show has been decently well received, and I myself can't quite express what it is about this show that irritates me so much, so I can't guarantee everyone else will have the same experience. But if I had to narrow down just what is so insanity inducing about this anime, it's the fact that she's in her twenties, but only the audience knows. I've never moreso empathized with Candace from Phineus ...
If someone says that this anime is overrated, then I really agree with that word, this is a boring show from an anime with a high score, Even the score cannot be a benchmark for this anime.. . For the first episode, the storyline goes straight to the end, when they have defeated the Demon King, I'm trying to hold this in and hope this is just a preview at the end of the episode, but apparently not, this is the original story, there is no adventure at all, no introduction to how they met and fought the Demon King.. Moreover, almost all of them are filled with ...
Operation nostalgia that does nothing of value, playing with the watcher's feelings about the 2010 masterpiece.. . The problem with this sequel? Potential future? Whatever it is, is that it's lazy. Extremely lazy. It backloads the entire character development, background, and nuances to the 2010 main series while giving us a glimpse of a different path.. But let's go in order.. . When dealing with this kind of anime, which is abundantly quoting and taking inspiration from the original, it's impossible to not consider parallels with the former series. The screenwriters impose it on us, anyway, since the series forces you to know all the characters beforehand. This ...
Fall 2023 and Winter 2024 turning into an empty anime time for me, still, I manage to watch some in in BATCH, which I not really prefer for now days anime. I watched Tate no Yuusha and Goblin Slayer with a low expectation but it turn out quite great(a reverse to their previous season). And this anime trailer show up, people go on like crazy about it, like "The first after-journey blah blah blah thing" and I be like "Oh, another will be overhype anime huh..." and I close my interest to watch this and only lock You-Zitsu and Tomozaki in my plan to watch. ...
I really like the premise of this series, and I was somewhat hopeful it'd deliver. I was excited for a mix between a fairy tale and game of thrones, but instead the premise is basically discarded, as her past lives are only ever useful for the life skills she learned - instead of the much more valuable ability of "predicting" the future.. . My main gripe about this show is that I don't like how this series depicts the world and its people. The way everyone acts and events unfold are both completely unrealistic, and this breaks the series by itself.. . Some examples of bad writing: A noblewoman ...
A few years ago, David production were working on a new shounen title called Fire force. Long story short, it was a decent watch dragged down to mediocrity by one major flaw, the fanservice. The show couldn't resist shoving tits and ass right in your face every few minutes, even in the most inopportune of times, like the middle of a fight. It honestly amazes me just how much damage this decision managed to do. It's a damn shame, since the rest of Fire force was solid, but this single decision managed to change my rating from very good to above average. So how is ...
I drop the rate every time new episode released.. . It was fun episodes at the beginning, cool art style, cool character designs, OP-ED, setting, animation etc. Now, it's just boring. The expectation of Arajin will change his life positively because he got a cool power has gone. The character development of Araijn is so SLOW, it's been 10 episode and overall this guy still being kinda selfish I see. It took him like YEARS to actually care and help his friends. He's a SIMP that only start to care ab others if the girl he likes say so. On the other hand, his friend has ...
This did not cook. How tf do u mess up a basic ass ecchi harem? The ecchi is the most half assed ecchi I've seen in a long time.. . The MC is your bog standard boring weak spineless shy stuttering fucktard. All the side characters and harem members are generic and one dimensional af, his harem feels extremely forced, absolutely no progress or character development whatsoever. Lil bro always has some excuse to not do anything 18+ while blushing and fucking around for 11 eps. This anime does its sorry attempt at edging, but instead of using lubricant and tissues, it uses sandpaper. At the every ...
Just your casual isekai-ish anime.. even though i found manhwa/novel pretty decent and interesting. this anime is shit.. the arts are eye pleasing, and animations are pretty fluid, but thats all there is to it.. at best this anime more or less is just the same as other series that the bullied mc got isekaied after helping a girl and got some kind of cheat skill, i forgot the title but this site scored it 6.3.. the only way you can enjoy this is that you read the manhwa/novel beforehand. otherwise this is just your mid isekai, or even less than because of jumping plot that makes ...
Frieren is the most overrated anime possibly of all time, at least in regards to this website. I first watched it when it started airing, but found it to just be another really boring seasonal that most people would praise to death until it stopped airing, and then forget about it 2 months later. However, for some reason it has had a lot of staying power so far and after boosting up heavily after the last 2 episodes, I've been thinking that maybe people really won't forget it. So I am here to explain why this anime is stupidly overrated.. . Style-. Frieren doesn't have its own ...
Okay, maybe I used to give MAL a tiny bit of credit. Figured even if their top picks were basic, at least they wouldn't be totally wrong, but nope. Frieren: Beyond Journey's End! It's like they took the most boring fantasy tropes, slowed them down by 1000%, and added a side of pretentious navel-gazing. This pile of meh is sitting high and people are pretending that it rivals all-time greats. It's a travesty. DIFFERENT DOESN'T MEAN GOOD. Frieren is the anime equivalent of watching paint dry. Waifus exist, but not really the focus. That apprentice mage is kinda cute, but that's about it, the ...
This season of youkoso is realy bad, youkoso in general is tbh, trash characters and horrible dramas, clearly an anime made for money with horrible production and character design.. . Edgy mc with a bit off shallow thinking and everyone hypes him up like he's a genius. The characters are all cringy and horrible written. The dramas are either cringy, disgusting or generic. The plot is also horrible, predictable and just made in a way that ayanokoji can find a glitch so the show magnifies the mc. Ichinose's, Karuizawa's and Sakura's dramas are specifically horrendous.. . The only reason i watched this so far is that i don't ...
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh,No.please no.. Thats what I screamed watching this thing. To put simply, this is an above average isekai, its good, not great (its only above average because of how low the bar is for isekai) It would be worth watching if it wasnt for the sheer amount of Rape and straight up Pedophilia, in this show, Rape and Pedophilia that is done with the perspective of, Rape and Pedophilia is cool right. After learning of a character Raping a woman while she sleeps, are main character says "I respect this man", the rapist. This same character would forcefully strip a child against there ...
Have you ever seen the amount of anime that are power fantasies for men for the audience to self-insert into? Well, you don’t have to worry about that in this show, because this decided to do the “innovative” idea of making a power fantasy but for women, with Maomao serving very clearly as a Mary Sue to do this.. . I mean, when you look at the conversation around this show, you see people being fine with the protagonist, which honestly confuses me, because this is the kind of show that, if it had a male protagonist, it would be rightfully called a self-insert power fantasy. The ...
The Strongest Tank's Labyrinth Raids - The stereotypical below-average generic fantasy with an objective, but not with a purpose.. . For every good fantasy work, be it underrated or overrated, there're more than 10 times as much average works as uninspiring authors can chunk it out of the oversaturated genre. And one such work is novelist Ryuuta Kijima's Saikyou Tank no Meikyuu Kouryaku: Tairyoku 9999 no Rare Skill-mochi Tank, Yuusha Party wo Tsuihou sareru a.k.a The Strongest Tank's Labyrinth Raids: A Tank with a Rare 9999 Resistance Skill Got Kicked from the Hero's Party, part of the "Shin no Nakama a.k.a Banished from the Hero Party" sub-theme, ...
Summary: Giving a twist on a mess does not make it good, but even worse.. . Over ten years of isekai boom, we are all tired of MC's cheat ability. The original novel perhaps tried to criticize those mass-productive isekais by twisting their cliche, but it just created the worst of them.. . Many compared the MC's ability as that of Death Note without the note, but that was not the only thing this one lacks of. No thrill or suspense for being caught, no pierce dialogue with an enemy to justify own cause to each other, but just full of hatred and misogyny.. . At least, the animation made a ...
Every other season, a new show like this comes out. A show which has a massive backing due largely to it's original fanbase from whatever is being adapted to create it instead of for the show itself. The show is pretty, that's inarguable, but your ability to enjoy this one will be mostly based on however much annoying plot contrivance, obvious 'rags-to-riches' structure, and 'overpowered MC' you're willing to tolerate. For me, it's not very much. Every beat can be predicted as soon as the first few episodes if you know the structure of these kinds of manhwa and the fantasy power fulfillment they aim ...
Isaekai de Cheat bla bla bla. I've always had a bad feeling about anime titles that are very long, and sure enough it happened when I watched this anime.. . One thing that always pisses me off is that this anime is so popular, it even made it to the top 10 with the most members in spring 2023. I feel sorry for the good anime that don't get enough attention and this anime is popular instead.. . The only thing that makes me interested in watching this anime is the coloring and lighting that looks really good. The characters are also very well drawn and everything looks cool. ...
The original Megumi no Daigo anime was a story about firefighters combining action, drama and romance but was quite over the top and cheesy in its approach and rushed and poorly written mostly because of its short runtime. It was more of a promotional material of a long manga than anything else.. . This series is not an adaptation of that manga either, but an adaptation of the sequel manga, which came out way later. So, what you have here is the adaptation of a sequel, of a manga finished long ago, and not a sequel of the forgotten and never really popular ova, so if ...
Oh, what can the world do without an ecchi like Tale of Wedding Rings these days? I probably had to check several times on various sources when this got announced for an anime adpatation. Why? That's because it felt like we already got the announcement years ago. Yet here we are with a 12-episode adaptation announced just last year and making its debut on the TV screen. And unfortunately, it should've probably remained better off of it.. . Now here's a head up. Tales of Wedding Rings is exactly what it looks like from its premise, promos, character designs, and even genre tags. It's not trying to ...
Sometimes I wish I was a kid, enjoy endless shiny surprises and never think to ask, how these things are even put together. Just enjoyment is sometimes beneficial to us, however people like me can't really get the kid side of themselves to work again, then enjoying stories like this, is going to be very hard.. . When the movie played I took my phone, lay on the couch and started checking my socials till the anime begins. It did not take more than 5 minutes for Belle to captivate me in such way that I put my phone aside, grabbed my glasses and sat up right ...
Firefighter Daigo: Rescuer in Orange - An infotainment that does succeed in being that, but that's just about any sort of entertainment this show has. Also, why would you choose to adapt the sequel instead of the original?. . What comes to mind when you think of firefighting anime? There is the most obvious choice of mangaka Atsushi Ohkubo's Enen no Shouboutai a.k.a Fire Force being a firefighting sci-fi dark fantasy series, but if you need a backstory, there is a much more prolific author around: old-school mangaka Masahito Soda, who has quite the reputation in the 1990s: 1995-1999's Megumi no Daigo a.k.a Firefighter! Daigo of Fire ...
Terrible the only point of the show is to have other characters show off that the mc is overpowered he has no personality and there's no payoff at all. One of the most bland uninteresting Isekais don't let others bait you into thinking that there's anything good about it, it's not comedic the characters aren't interesting and the only fights that seem to have any stake happen completely separate from the MC, but even that's unenjoyable because the MC exists. Seems like the show was created so the author can boast that he made this ultra-powerful character that can just defeat everyone if they're unkillable ...
I'm just gonna get to the point. This anime is absolutely boring.. . The title is incredibly misleading and the only reason it's called "bunny girl senpai" is because of one scene in epsiode 1 where Mai Sakurajima wears a bunny suit for 15 seconds. Speaking of Mai shes the only semi-interesting character in this show. Every other character (especially Rio Futaba) are so boring, bland and unoriginal. I dropped this anime halfway through episode 12 because I just couldnt take it anymore, I was struggling to keep my fucking eyes open and im tired of holding on to false hope that this anime will get better ...
Sasaki to Pii-chan has a good begining like a decent isekai anime where the MC is the one who obtain a superpower, but the poor execution of the story were disappointing. This anime failed to entertain me even though it started with something interesting.. . Here is the only thing I like about this show is the main character Sasaki and his pet Pii-chan, other than that is not in my interest. I'm losing interest at the first 3 episode, the world building is weird, the pacing is messed up like they didn't really care about the progress and skip it to the aftermath, too many plot ...
Great premise and huge potential for a great story that quickly turns into garbage writing and kids show. . It had a good base recipe for an interesting story: . A good,hardworking, likeable adventurer who, despite all of his effort, cannot move past the limitations of his body.  gets killed and finds himself to become a monster while retaining seemingly intact consciousness, personality, and memories. All while having a mad scolar/mage/love interest who is willing to hide and help him stay human on the inside.. . It had no isekai BS, no harem. No stupid, silly jokes, and good art to boot. . . It explores the themes of : The meaning of humanity, ...
This show is the first Gundam series to feàture a female lead protagonist which is fine, but the series also uses the 12 episode format for the first time in the series and for that reason the show fails in my opinion. Like most modern anime shows using the 12 episode format, it sacrifices storytelling and world-building and I find that unacceptable especially in a multi-billion dollar franchise like Mobile Suit Gundam.. . The positives are the character and Gundam designs, animation in general, and the opening theme. The negatives have already been stated, but I believe the show ultimately fails because they opted for the anime ...
Let me start by saying that an anime can be objectively bad and still be enjoyable. Isekai Cheat Magician is not one such anime.. . This show is like you asked Chat GPT to write you an isekai anime, took it's result and ran it through an out of touch board of directors. This show falls under every trope an op mc isekai show can and does them with absolute seriousness. This show takes itself far too seriously for an idea that has been done a thousand times and has nothing to add to it. Adding a rom-com trope of "childhood friend" to your isekai anime ...
Sasaki to Pii-chan started out interesting enough: You have a first episode that looked like typical isekai slop only for it to shift gears completely into urban fantasy with espers in the second half. Count me sold I thought at the time. But no, alas, it's yet another case of "interesting premise, bad execution".. . Actually no, it's worse than that. Bad execution can sometimes lead to amusing trainwrecks, this is just overly bland. I had just finished watching the last episode a few hours ago and already I'm forgetting plot details.. . One of the main issues with this is how it lacks any sort of ...
The Demon Prince of Momochi House - It's Kamisama Hajimemashita, but 100 times worse. Let that sentence sink into your brain.. . Everyone within the AniManga community sure knows famed mangaka Julietta Suzuki's Kamisama Hajimemashita a.k.a Kamisama Kiss, if not, then where the hell have you been? It's one of the famed Shoujo series that all girls will speak of when they have a classic that they can recommend to, hell even to guys who are not interested in the Shoujo genre, at least for the classics (which I recommend you read/watch the entire series in general). And yes, countless examples have followed this tradition, but not ...
Don't Come To The Adventures Guild Tomorrow…. . My Instant Death Ability is So Overpowered, No One in This Other World Stands a Chance Against Me is currently a breakthrough of bleeding-edge light-novel technology with a heavy emphasis on “edge”. It's a half-Isekai half-death-game anime about a school bus full of Japanese high-school students willing to abandon their friends for dead or become potential sex criminals as soon as they either receive or don’t receive superpowers from a sketchy sage.. Of course, none of that matters because the main protagonist, Takatou can just kill anything by pointing at this target and saying “die” which he only used ...
I watched a YouTube short by chance where this cutie, The Sage Sion, is being featured. It turns out that she's the villain of this anime, 'My Instant Death Ability is So Overpowered, No One in This Other World Stands a Chance Against Me!' which I will refer to as Instant Death.. . Is 'Instant Death' worth watching? No, and you've been warned.. . Yogiri and the rest of his class were summoned into this other world by the Sage Sion to become sage candidates. Almost all of his classmates were bestowed with a skill, except him who was sleeping. It looks like he will not survive, but unbeknownst ...
Finally, today, I completed watching "Chained Soldier." I had read the manga a long time ago, before the anime adaptation began airing. I thought it would be interesting to revisit the story through the anime. However, after watching the entire season, I must admit I'm disappointed.. . When I started reading the manga, around a year ago, I had hopes for a compelling storyline. However, after delving into it, I found myself encountering repetitive content in each chapter. There seemed to be a lack of character development, which made it hard for me to get invested in the story. While I understand that sometimes it takes time ...
The MC ruins the show.. . Every other character explodes with personality, the concept is fun, and the art direction is reminiscent of older anime. This anime was a sure fire win in all categories. And then you see more of the MC. He's like someone took a master level simp with no self respect or self awareness and tried to make Tokyo Revengers. This show truly had the potential to be one of the top anime of the season.. . I'm tempted to drop this one due to the unlikable nature of the person whose story we are supposed to be following.. It wouldn't be ...
'My Instant Death Ability' is a fantasy adventure-comedy, an isekai parody, that fails to entertain in any way, on any level: it fails as a fantasy adventure and as a comedy; it fails as an isekai and as a parody. Rushed, vacuous, convoluted, dull, predictable, and most of all forgettable, it is the sort of parody that can make me look back fondly on the parent genre's least beloved entries for the endearing sincerity and simplicity of their incompetence. Come back, 'Reign of the Seven Spellblades', all is forgiven!. . Let me say a few words about the genre. It's not unusual for new fantasy series to ...
40/100 (average rating rounded up). . (Copied from serializd, I might migrate all of my anime reviews from there on here). . Started this because a friend of mine that started Eva because of me said I should watch it (not because he thought it's good but because he thought it would be funny if I'd see it) so I felt that I kind of owe him one and decided to binge the entire season in a day (I'm sick so no school which means it was a perfect time to do it). This is definitely not my type of show at all but I was surprised to find ...
The powerful right-hand of the dark lord is forced to exist powerless and impoverished in modern society when a magical girl shatters the dimension she resides in, separating her from her powers and her enviable social status. After losing her powers her form periodically reverts to that of a child and she must come to terms with working for a meager living wage and accepting the handouts and generosity of others while trying to restore her power.. . Thematically a slice-of-life comedy, Jahy is a tonal mess of a show and its lead character may be called a gross miscast for the sort of playful karmic retribution ...
Sokushi Cheat suffers from a classic of an author writing themselves into a corner with a main character that’s too powerful. Most stories evolve into this, but Sokushi Cheat starts there and as such never manages to feel compelling or engaging. If it’s meant to be a deconstruction, it fails to do that either and just feels like a run of the mill isekai.. . When you have a main character that can literally kill anyone or anything with one word, the show is always going to struggle to stay interesting. You’ve removed the stakes from the start. At that point, it’s essential that you introduce other ...
A class of students is whisked away to another dimension and most of them are endowed with magical powers in the hopes that one or some among them will rise in their ranks to become sages in this new and fantastical world. There is just one tiny little oversight: one of the students already possessed superb power before coming to this new world and he wants nothing more than to return home.. . This is an isekai power-fantasy anime, replete with a game-like levelling system that does not serve any real narrative purpose, some lite romantic themes that never graduate into anything more, and an invincible protagonist ...
A group of classmates get dropped into a new world, and are given powers from a cold-heart sage. However, Takatou happened to already have powers from the real world; to kill anything just by telling it to. And that's the whole story. Something dangerous shows up, it kills some pointless characters, it tries to kill Takatou or Dannoura, he tells it to die, and then it dies. Then the cycle happens to repeat with more and more absurd powerful beings appearing in front of Takatou and dying on the spot.. There's nothing really about this show that makes it funny or charming in the way One ...
Hear me out!!This anime is not bad but it can be really predictable and tough to watch plus there is nothing to look forward, everything is crystal clear from the start,how the characters will end up, how the show will go forward etc.This is the type of romance anime I would recommend for new anime watchers who are seeking to watch a romance anime to watch. As for me I found the show to be too much predictable, but this is definitely the kind of anime I would have loved to watch when I just started watching anime, instead I got recommended to watch Sword ...
The original „The vision of Escaflowne“ TV-show from 1996 is one of the greatest anime of all time. It had spectacular world building, interesting and realistic characters and an unmatched OST making the emotional scenes that much more impactful and the action scenes that much more exciting. At the end it perfectly wrapped everything up in a tight package with no need for more. 4 years later someone decided to make a movie about it. So how do you follow such a masterpiece with a movie? Well the only conclusion I can draw out of this case study is…. you don’t.. . The Escaflowne movie ...
When you think about isekai surely one of the first things that come to your head is that it has an OP MC. This show is completely about this, about an OP MC killing things, that’s why it’s called Sokushi Cheat ga Saikyou sugite, Isekai no Yatsura ga Marude Aite ni Naranai n desu ga aka Instant Death, and just as those other shows where the OP MC makes every single battle uninteresting because they have no stakes, this series is no different, actually, it is even worse because of how Yogiri is designed to be, he is designed to try to be the strongest ...
Frieren: Beyond Journey's End is unethical because it has no qualms about portraying demons as inherently flawed despite the fact that they showcase intellect and empathy that is on par with humans on numerous occasions. Nevertheless, elves, who are implied to be unable to empathize, are given preferential treatment simply because they pose no threat to humans, which in itself is a contradiction. The above-mentioned seems to indicate that Frieren is not actually about time and change, but rather seeks to promote anthropocentrism and communism. It is anthropocentric in the sense that humans are at the center of everything in Frieren, despite being substantially inferior ...
Instant Death Ability - When the overpowered trash OP MC trope goes to the extreme without a heck care in the world, traversing in its own dimension.. . Oh God...where do I begin with this one. I know some authors like to be very ambitious with their premises, but for one novelist by the name of Tsuyoshi Fujitaka, he decided to take the Isekai genre and ham-fist it with the typical "what to do list when in another world", but dial it up to 11 in the most obnoxious and extreme cases. That's how you get Sokushi Cheat ga Saikyou Sugite, Isekai no Yatsura ga Marude Aite ...
Chained Soldier - Great manga with a stupid localization name, eager-but-turned disappointing adaptation, once again by Junji Nishimura, the long-standing director who can't hack a decent adaptation for time millennia.. . If you know an author by the name of Takahiro, he's the creator who has created one of the most defining works of the 2010s: Akame ga Kill!. Anyone who've seen this show will tell you that it's one of the most popular shows of that time period, when anime was just about slowly going into the mainstream. And based off on one of the most prominent characters of that series, another work is created, and ...
you will not feel comfortable watching this it might traumatize you to close your eyes cause there is blood gore violence feels like a knife cutting your shoulder and your hands feel shaky so i will not recommend. other than that what could be even worst is that it will be hard for you to sleep because it keeps getting you on your skin so most importantly do not watch it. it has some sensitive content because 1 there is blood. 2 it might contains nudity. 3 it make your eyesight bad because this show your watching is dark not like a daylight in a ...
after watching this show corpse party it feels like a knife cutting my shoulder and my hands feel shaky because of the bad things i see was not only blood in this show is making me feel very uncomfortable and i will not recommend you watching this. i find this from somewhere in youtube and the game was not fun at all there is no multiplayer is just a creepy boring girl following after you to stab you in the back which i can feel it. the show may look ugly to you and for me is like it is scary for me to sleep ...
Over the past 12 weeks, I have spent a combined 4 hours of my fleeting time on this planet watching Chained Soldier, and through 12 episodes, all I can say is that my experience was only slightly better than taking the SAT, getting a colonoscopy, or having a physical done by an old man. This series just feels forgettable; in the depressing way where it isn’t laughably bad enough to be remembered, but it’s nowhere near good enough to be remembered either. This series is just another redundant entry into the bloated ecchi ___ genre, that blank being an amalgamation of different story beats that ...
I've been seeing clips of this anime for some time on YouTube, TikTok or Instagram and it looked pretty cool with a story or sequences that had potential. The beginning of the first episode was a little funny, with good characters, until the arrival of the powers. This is the worst female main character I have ever seen in my entire life. The beginning of the anime seems super cool with a mc full of potential but from the start she is despicable, mean, arrogant, pretentious... and so on. The main character who IS powerful can't use his so cool powers and has to listen ...
Usagi Drop got a sequel.. Usagi Drop Vibes. More pedophilic. . . High school girl tries to disassociate herself from her father figure who she fell in love with it is a decent premise for a series, but not when the series itself wants them to fuck.... . don’t read the manga and watch it .. . . I'm curious how the F this got green-lit into an anime , the story barely progresses , and is disturbing. ...
I am going to keep this review simple, since I am only venting here.. . Characters. Akko is too predictable in her actions, and there is a recurring theme in her trying to learn about the future despite having been told and proven that it can only bring trouble. Her two main friends are barely be called friends. Lotte is wimpy and is not really willing to go the extra mile most of the time. Sucy is just an unsupportive jerk whose whole comedic relieve is based on taking advantage of Akko one way or another. Overall, all the characters in this show have been so far ...
The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten is a disgrace to romance anime.. . I was excited at first, ready to watch another sweet romance (yes I'm that lonely). But I quickly realized that this show just recycles the same old romance tropes over and over again. 90% of the interactions occur between Amane (male MC) and Mahiru (female MC) in Amane's room, and revolve around cooking, gifts, friends, school, and being together. Outside of their relationship, Amane and Mahiru are extremely plain, one-dimensional characters, mostly because their outside lives are largely neglected. There's barely any comedy, not enough character development, the plot goes nowhere - all ...
This anime falls into the all-too-common trap of prioritizing explicit content over meaningful storytelling. The plot is practically nonexistent, serving merely as a flimsy excuse to showcase a barrage of sexual encounters. The characters lack depth, with no significant problems or development beyond engaging in an unhealthy amount of sex.. . While there are moments that might elicit a chuckle or two, the overall experience is disappointing. Rather than witnessing any semblance of character growth or narrative evolution, viewers are subjected to a repetitive cycle of sexual encounters episode after episode.. . In essence, it's more akin to a hentai with extended screen time and without explicit genitalia. Sure, ...
Kanojo Okarishimasu is a complete waste of time, especially considering the current state of the manga. The protagonist starts off as unlikable, and unfortunately, there's little to no character development to redeem him (idc that the mc is bad, but make him evolve like fr). While I initially found the girls to be kinda interesting, they too suffer from lack of growth and ultimately become tedious and uninteresting.. . The plot, if you can call it that, descends into utter shambles, with no semblance of progression or improvement. It's frustrating to see mangakas start with a promising idea only to become infatuated with their characters, refusing to ...
Nah fr I dont care anime that push boundaries and explore dark themes, but this one missed the mark entirely. Initially, I was intrigued by the promise of a gripping revenge story. However, what I got instead was a relentless barrage of unnecessary sex scenes that left me utterly bored.. . Sure, a bit of humor here and there can be enjoyable, and idc about the sex scenes but man i come for the plot not a thinly veiled excuse for hentai. The characters lacked depth, the plot was flimsy at best, and the whole thing felt like a wasted opportunity.. . Take the synopsis, for example. It paints ...
Seriously, this adaptation is a massive letdown. Despite having read the manga and anticipating the adaptation, I found myself constantly bewildered by how much content was missing. The discrepancy between the source material and the show left me baffled and frustrated throughout.. . I ended up skipping through the majority of the episodes, hoping in vain that the quality would improve, but alas, it never did. It's incredibly disheartening to witness such a drastic drop in quality, especially considering the high expectations set by the first season.. . While I anticipated a slight decrease in quality, I was genuinely taken aback by just how poorly executed this adaptation turned ...
Arifureta starts off with a promising premise centered around themes of revenge, but quickly spirals into a disappointing mess of bad plotlines and poorly developed characters. Despite attempts at humor, the majority of jokes fall flat, leaving viewers bored and cringing rather than entertained.. . While the concept of revenge isn't inherently flawed, the execution leaves much to be desired. The initial episodes show some promise, but the narrative quickly deteriorates into a convoluted mess. One particularly jarring example is the absurdity of defeating a dragon through an act as ridiculous as ass penetration—a moment that missed the mark entirely, failing to evoke any genuine amusement.. . Ultimately, while ...
(if you are horny you are gonna enjoy it in summary). While I don't mind anime featuring explicit content, I found myself surprisingly drawn to the premise of this series. However, my initial intrigue quickly turned to disappointment as I progressed through the episodes. In all honesty, I ended up skipping the majority of them, only to find the conclusion utterly underwhelming.. . The plot was devoid of substance, leaving me questioning why I bothered investing any time into it. Rather than engaging storytelling, it felt like a flimsy excuse for gratuitous sexual scenes. It's as if the creators attempted to blend hentai with a semblance of narrative ...
At the time of this review, it has now been 18 years since Gamera, the rocket powered flying turtle kaiju had made any form of on screen appearance. 2006's Gamera the Brave, which received generally unfavourable reviews, would be the last time the franchise would receive any new iteration for years.. With the triumphant return of Godzilla in 2014 and the kaiju renaissance started by 2013's Pacific Rim now being in full swing, many fans of the kaiju genre, myself included, clamored for the return of our favourite turtle.. Unfortunately, Gamera Rebirth would end up not being the great return we were hoping for.. . Firstly, the series is ...
I can pretty much describe this anime in one sentence: The biggest load of crap I have ever seen in all my years as a fan of anime!. And believe me, I've seen my share of garbage anime.. . Okay, so the basic premise of a group of people trapped on a deserted island with giant creatures, in this case giant insects, isn't exactly anything original.It's a trope that's been used many times in movies but at the same time it can work as a plot device if done well.. Kyochuu Rettou a.k.a The Island of Giant Insects doesn't just take the same old same old cliche and just ...
The series gets off to a great start that really showcases the power and skill of a champion against a giant golem and placing them in the context of a world that is composed of fragile beings. Given the promise of a tournament featuring a set of characters like this one, it certainly set itself up for success.. . …but it’s mostly downhill from there. There are some really good fights later into the series run as various otherworldly characters come into conflict with other powerful beings (many of whom would be participants in a future tournament that would necessarily pit them against one another anyway), where ...
All right guys now what we have here again. another wannabe cool unique fantasy. Well The more it tries to make it self unique, the more generic it becomes.. Why am I even watching a fantasy where there's like Little to no proper power system, no worldbuilding even after main and important characters are introduced.. Why is it a Fantasy when you are just like. "Hey wanna help me out with some household chores?". . Have watched Fantasies like Maou gakuin ? Mushoko tensei ? Reincarnated as a slime ?. Don't watch it then, you will loose your faith in fantasy anime.. It's just ...
It began with a painful cliche, and throughout the show it continued to ruin the built up perspective of the characters. The plot was forced, and it didn't convey any sort of character growth or evolution of feelings toward one another. In such a sweet and wonderful series that previously built up the beauty and anxiety with crushes and love, this season was none of that. It was nothing but a strange scenario that would be more fitting for cheesy, low-budget adult animation or ecchi. No hate if that's your jam, but it has no place in a show like this. Of course it's visually ...
Kinda sad for the mc as he got all the flat girls.. Felt like The anime was more of a political discussion and romance series rather than a actual rpg isekai.ep1-7 was pure gold and after that it digs into politics and other shit but gets worse through the whole series (season 2 and 3 was shit ). . the mc is so popular because he is jenius in anime but he stops using his brain from the mId season.i mean there is only 3 thimes hardly where the mc get in a fight although people suggest it as an anime" with op mc ". . I mean comeon give ...
This odd taxi special is just 9 minutes straight of the manager and one of the idol girls talking to each other while sitting in a room. The conversation is about the word 'flauntingly' and some other topics that come up. It doesn't really add anything to the main anime at all.. . There isn't much in the way of animation apart from moving heads, mouths and a face roller but it's in the same style as the anime. The voice acting is also the same as the main anime.. . Overall there really is no reason to watch this conversation. It doesn't add anything to the ...
Went into it with high expectations because it's one of the top rated anime of its season. Seeing the image and the synopsis gave me the sense that it'd give some meaningful wisdom - the type like from Uncle Iroh, Death Parade, or Sakurasou. However questions quickly filled my head even throughout the first episode.... . . - What kind of society, fictional or not, would be possible when a HOMICIDE at a junior/senior high school occurs without the school shutting down, without deep investigation from police/authoritative figures?. - Why are the students accepting it like 「ああそうですかしょうがないね! もっときをつけよう~」?. - How did this societal setting, which must have previously experienced ...
This is an anime that I least expected to have a continuation, yet for some reason, it did. The main character overthinks way too much and often talks to himself when he meets the female lead. There are many awkward moments, making the romance feel slow, especially regarding their relationship, which remains unclear. Perhaps because the initial theme was about a rental girlfriend, the romance feels sluggish. I'm curious about the progression of their romance, but the story moves so slowly that I'm speechless. This is just my personal opinion; I watched it only to complete my list of watched anime. This is the first ...
Lemme be straight forward and say that this is downright bad, like very bad. Now, I've seen my fair share of ecchi genre animes that end up being one of the best things I've ever seen, but this ain't it. Like the many people who have placed their reviews and based on my personal watch, this is a kink-filled fantasy with a dookie animation quality, dookie and boring personalities. With the literal 3rd episode, I already knew who the enemy was (spoiler it was the MC's sister). Ngl, the manga made it look interesting, I mean the idea of that hierarchy that women are higher ...
This anime is YURI watch only if you ir in to that and bland meh caracters, why is it yuri ? the male discusting guy gets killed easy the female one ? oh no we cant kil l her shure...... . . Short story,,,,,,. . The fact he can be a hero instead of becoming a villain and helping others with the power he got but he just got killed after he discovered his power and the killer is the one he trusted is just so fucked. . someone summoned them. Doing summoning however was highly illegal but not everyone listens.. . Was said let they will all eventually lose control, ...
TLDR: This is the ever so popular recycled trope of the nerd boy gets the hot chick except this is generic AF and the male MC is squirmy and annoying while the hot chick MC is a garden tool.. . What does "My first girlfriend is a gal", "3D Kanojo: Real Girl" and "Don't toy with me Ms Nagatoro" have in common? They're all better version of this show with something unique. This show is cliche as it gets. I find no remarkable qualities with this couple so far. This may change but things don't look promising. Edit- it didn't! It's cringe, unfunny and boring.. . The good news, ...
So... This whole show is a character who wants a forced relationship with a girl that's against it multiple times and want harass her physically ?... . how down bad humanity has fallen recently, i feel like im tripping. there's some way better romances than this show that at least try to make sense beside '' YOU LOOK SO CUTE, BULLY ME HARDER, YOUR PERSONNALITY IS SO GREAT WHEN YOU TREAT EVERYONE HORRIBLY''. . Is this the ' peak anime ' I'm getting told I'm supposed to find?. . Hell, even the ecchi animes like chained soldier or gushing over magical girls have better love arc than this show ...
Kimizero is.... Well, I really want to like this show, it has everything for a good romance anime... It has nice art, cute Gyaru FMC, and a promising premise... However, when you look into its MAL score, it gets below 7.0 and there are more 'bad' reviews than 'good' ones... You know something went very wrong here.... . The story:. Is pretty good, sweet, and deep actually (as I said, I really want it to be good)... Both main characters have enough backgrounds, reasons, and meanings behind them... However, the execution and pacing are just bad... I don't feel the peak drama or climax romance of the story, it ...
The animation while more fluid than the TV anime isn't anything to write home about, none of the movie original characters really matter nor do they do much except for the start and the end. It is the first movie of the franchise so I suppose the overall sort of "clumsy" feeling that it gives you makes sense, as it is very clearly not a movie meant to be watched in the current year or ever again.. . The story is a loose "what if?" recap of the very first arc. Instead of the Pilaf gang we are introduced to this weird demon guy and his very ...
This is another boring anime I watched.. . I had a little hope for this anime, because it has an average score, generally anime with a score above 7 can still be watched well, but unfortunately not at all.. An anime that tells about religion, which I don't think is very interesting, but I tried watching it after seeing a character named Cecilia or let's just call her Seijo.. . For the beginning of the story in the first episode, I think this anime is quite interesting with the cute character, Seijo, who always hides his dual personality, who apparently likes to laze around, when no one else but a ...
Yeah it’s official, I don’t really like this show. I understand that it’s kind of polarizing and unfortunately I’m on the side of not liking it. And if you like it that's fine. It's ok to like stuff, but it's also ok to criticize things that you like. My intention is not to tell someone that they're wrong for liking something. My goal with this review is to get my opinion out on a show that I was really not a fan of and to educate people that might be feeling the same way as me, and maybe stop them from wasting their time by ...
What set the Manhwa apart was the awesome detailed and colored art, and strip that away you are left with a generic story with a really cringe self-insert protagonist (Just watch beginning of episode 5- all the proof you need of this).. Solo-Leveling really is not horrible- but I don't think it's worth the time. In order for there to be a reason to watch the anime they had to do an insane job with the animation quality, which I think amounted to just average. After giving the first few episodes a shot I really don't see a reason to continue. If anything I'd say ...
A combination of horror and mecha what could go wrong? well in this show case almost everything.. If you ever asked yourself this question "A mecha show cannot be boring,it has giant robots right?". Then this show is the answer to that question,it spends hours and hours of dialogue,useless flashbacks that repeat themselves over and over again,a bunch of scifi-horror jargon that never gets fully explained,unlikeable and annoying characters and the only two decent characters were never given enough screentime to carry the show.The mechas and their weapons feel weak through the whole show,they look like they are shooting water bullets,the main giant "enemy" is overpowered and ...
Simply put..Dr Stone just isn't interesting and frankly insulting.. . The premise follows a super genius with an IQ of 30000 who survived the end of the world only to find the world overgrown by plant life and all life turned into stone.. . So he tries to rebuild the world he once knew or try and create a science focused utopia while also reviving his classmates of course this creates power struggles and internal conflicts.. . So why don't I recommend Dr Flintstone? Because it's boring and insulting to actual intelligent watchers.. . The show consistently goes into philosophical points of views about government and society (usually with ...
The anime is genuinely not interesting, the pacing is horrible, the action scenes feel robotic, the characters are also one dimensional.. . We all knew that Solo Leveling was never great, it was simply an above average novel that brought the popularity of the 'system genre' in Korean Novel Literature.. . I was there, I read this shit when it was still an ongoing 'text' novel in 2016, Korean RAW, I used google translate and fan made translations to read this novel and I am more original than any of these 'manga' meat riders who lube themselves before they ride and want to complain about 'I KNEW ...
I can't. Simply can't continue watching this to the end. And I really tried, even paused it couple of times to give it time to simmer and settle down. But no. Nothing helps. Even though it's nicely animated it's irritating to a point of annoyance hardly described by words.. . One would think this is a detective and mystery show, but you'd be wrong. There's no detection here. Every episode is formatted the same way where something would happen, then bunch of screaming by everyone involved, guy supposedly not allowed to think thinks and then proceeds to explain to everyone how it happened through his annoying equally ...
From the start I doubted the excitement of this anime, I always look at the score before watching it, and the score will not be too far from the content, But the proverb says Don't judge a book by its cover.. That's why I watched it.. . Attention for those of you who don't like anime life that doesn't match real life, you should avoid this kind of anime. How could it not be, because this anime contains people who without certain characteristics have small Senpai and big breasts always by their side.. . Leave that aside, there's no harm in expecting something different from real life, even if it's ...
Dropped the anime at some point, but it still left a bitter taste.. Story: It felt like masked, and twisted, hentai.. Why I disliked it: As I am not a fan of hentai, I took the story as sth cute and different, but having its actual genre masked was not a good surprise.. I guess it can be good for fans of both anime and hentai, since it has great ratings, but the fact that it masks its genre to sth cute or serious, means that it may attract you at first, and then also give that taste of 'that shit is twisted'.
the start of the show seemed promising, but i became bored halfway through due to bad CGI and a lack of relationships, both romantic and platonic, developing. there are the faintest hints at development being made, yet nothing seems to ever happen. if you enjoy the idea of a female villainess mc, 7th time loop does a better job at keeping pace.. . i do think this show will potentially be redeemed in the last few episodes. in particular, some sort of romance or plot twist occuring between patrick and yumiella seems to be hinted at currently. additonally, genuine friendships growing between yumiella and eleanora and alicia ...
I want to make it clear that I am a Railgun fan. I like Railgun. Railgun S & T in particular are fantastic shows. Which makes it all the more baffling as to how a spinoff show like Railgun came to be hundreds of times better than the original source material, which is Index.. . Here's the TLDR short answer: This season of Index is bad. But a lot of the problems with this show are actually the same as they were for seasons 1 and 2 of Index. Many corners are cut on the animation (unlike with Railgun), the direction is terrible (unlike with Railgun), the ...
Deltora quest is easily the worst Anime I’ve ever watched. On its face it seems like it would be phenomenal. The straightforwardness and awky writing is so cringe. No real character development or story to follow. It seems like everything is on the fly. I had forgot the name of this anime it was so bad. The artwork drew me in because it’s the genre I like ie spell casters, warriors, brutes, wizards etc. the familiar was giving popful mail vibes. When I started watching it’s like they immediately went for it. The names of the demons are so ugh..hot and tot bruh? Come on ...
Spoiler-less, TL;DR, fast, simple, and easy-to-digest review:. . Guns, Bullets, ...and some unnecessary story bloat. . 4/10. . Animation? Good (++). First season gave us some hype fights. Now, not much. Still, they maintained the art style and animation quality.. . Characters? Meh (-). ...
Plot. Girl gets isekai-ed, and God asks her to be the judge of humanity. Humans have been oppressing the non-human races and MC should decide if humanity should be wiped off the planet by God. God grants her the power of being liked by all non-human (monster) beings.. . Review. I will be honest, this series has been very confusing for me. The plot starts simple, where our MC is mostly making friends with other characters and enjoying fluffy times which was what I came here for. but somewhere around the middle, suddenly it becomes a mess with a completely different vibe.. . We start getting kidnappings, corrupted administration, some ...
Goblin Slayer is only popular at all due to the amount of controversy surrounding it. Take away the surface level edginess and the questionable stuff, and it's still a generic fantasy story with really shallow characters (They don't even have names... Lol). It could maybe be a 5/10 at most because admittedly there are entertaining aspects of it, despite the story being garbage. But then you throw in the exploitative use of sexual assault in the story- once again Goblin Slayer is only popular at all because of this controversy, and they knew what they were doing- plus other really trashy fan service, sleazy fantasy ...
I went into this fully expecting it to be trashy, but shirtless buff dudes and half naked chicks trashy, not weirdo pedo-bait type of trash. This is one of those moments you try something obscure and niche not sure what to expect and it goes completely wrong. I was interested in this for the niche heavy metal references but not even those were good, only very superficial. Even the opening theme song is some generic commercialized garbage so they couldn't even get that right.. . The main premise of the show is also just gross, the main character is a young boy and within him ...
Short review: Sustaining a narrative made up of 20 episodes split into 2 seasons across 1 full year cannot be easy, can it? Don't get fooled by this awful show which is an absolute insult to the big names attached to it.. . Expectations before watching: script and series composition by Mamoru Oshii who made Ghost in the Shell 1995, directed by his Production I.G. colleague Junji Nishimura; theme song by Maaya Sakamoto. With such a dream team, what can go wrong?. . Reality after watching: WTF did I watch?. . Recommended to: No one but those with a morbid curiosity to see how bad it actually is.. . . Pros: ...
This review is for both seasons of Hikari no Ou since they are of the same quality there is no need for a seperate review.. . It's nice to know that in the year in between seasons there was no care taken to impove the quality of the show. If you weren't a fan of the disgusting hodgepodge of an artstyle and very poor animation quality of the first season, then I see little you'll find redeemable about this series as a whole in the visual presentation department. It's so laughably poor that it's convinced some viewers it's somehow avant-garde and is an artistic choice the staff ...
I couldn't keep myself interested in this anime during the airing time due to the enjoyment factor being so low for me.. I did not feel much of anything while watching this series, my general impression watching it was that it felt dull and mildly irritating.. To be honest, whether you enjoy something says more about yourself than it does about anyone else,. enjoyment means satisfaction, satisfaction means the fulfillment of a desire.. What is the desire that this fulfilled in the majority of people who watched this but not me.. I read the glowingly positive reviews to try to understand what other people like about this.. . People said this gave ...
Generic isekai, but with sex.. . It comes in 2 versions: an uncensored version, and a version thats not worth watching.. From the title you can tell what you’re getting into, its isekai harem...that you can m*st*rbate to (•_•). . Watch this if you want to watch some softcore anime porn. Because apart from that there is nothing here.. A guy gets sent into a vr game. He purchases a slave named Roxanne. She’s a beast girl (half human half dog). They have sex.. . There isnt much of a goal. The main character visits the same dungeon over and over and over and over again. So he can kill the ...
Coyote ragtime show is a show that's flown under most people's radars and for good reason. It's just boring and plain bad.. . CRS follows the exploits of a criminal mastermind named Mister + crew and a girl named Franca whom holds the treasure to her dead pirate father while being pursued by a detective and police officer.. . Other characters include:. . Angelica: an attractive investigator who is pursuing mister and seems to have had a past affair with Mister more then likely or is in love with him, shes always eating.. . Chelsea: a police detective who is the dumb blonde stereotype. . Madame marciano: the leader of ...
The Fire Hunter - A diamond in the rough? Nope, more like a shitshow of proportions gone wrong.. . I mentioned that had mixed feelings going into Rieko Hinata's adaptation of the novel, which was spearheaded by director Junji Nishimura and series composer-cum-scriptwriter Mamoru Oshii back last Winter, which was a mediocre effort that mainly stemmed its issues on studio Signal.MD's production values, which was supposed to reflect art like pristine watercolour features that elevate the show, not degrade it into the PowerPoint slide show presentation that is nonchalantly slapped all around the show for no reason at all. And Season 2 here, or Part 2 rather, ...
I just finished watching "Umineko no Naku Koro ni" or "When They Cry 3", and boy, do I have some thoughts. The setup is pretty intriguing - 18 folks trapped on an island, getting offed one by one by a witch who claims to be doing the bidding of the head of the family. By the second episode, six are already pushing up daisies, and you're left wondering if it's the witch's spooky mojo or something else. Keeps you on your toes, you know?. . Animation-wise, it's solid, and the characters look sharp. Plus, the opening and ending tunes? Absolute bangers.. . But here's where things start to unravel. ...
From episode 1 I could tell this was nothing special. The comedy was bland and unoriginal usually resulting in Chidori getting mad at Souske and then hitting him. Are your laughing yet? NO.... well get used to it because that's at least half of the series. The other half is a military mech fighting show that barely scratches the surface of what it could be because it decided it wanted to focus on highschool comedy too. The writers did a terrible job with these two concepts because they don't mesh together at all. It doesn't help that the music is limited at well it has ...
To get straight to the point, this anime is just another power fantasy with a boring OP male lead, the type of which we've seen many times over.. . The first episode seemed promising to me. However that was soon cast aside. A real bait and switch. Story wise this is extremely mid, if that.. . Our main character is a strong independent ikemen who don't need no team. The way in which he's always this ultra cool, calm and collected, calculating galaxy brain who mindgames all the npc's around him is not only cringe, it makes each episode extremely uninteresting. Our main character gets a random ...
The writing assumes you are very stupid and either cannot pay attention or you cannot piece together basic information on your own, maybe it's just me but I'm so sick of the constant exposition. Why do I need a character to explain to me something that just happened or is currently happening? Like dude I get it, I saw it too I was there ffs get over yourself this isn't that hard to follow.. . I'm going to start keeping a list of all anime/manga series that features people in fantasy settings who fight in their casual everyday clothes like a tracksuit or jeans ...
Why?!. . Why make an additional season to one of the most beloved anime if you don't have something special to offer? I know this season adapts a visual novel and most people say it does a good job putting it in anime format. I haven't read the visual novel but if this is true then I guess my criticism can also be applied to the vn.. . Compared to the original, Steins;Gate 0 is boring, uninteresting, lacks a strong direction and ultimately feels soulless. It's so overstretched in its runtime that you spend 16 god damned episodes watching a borderline slice of life with eventual tidbits of plot ...
While the animation is great, the story leaves much to be desired.. . The protagonist lacks a motivation for embarking on their journey (they more or less randomly pick up the game). As the story unfolds, goals are established, but they fail to resonate strongly with either the viewer or the hero. Moreover, there is never any real sacrifice or conflict. The hero never reaches a point of no return, maintaining the option to go back to their ordinary life at any moment. Consequently, the decisions they face hold little weight in shaping their character's arc. These story elements do seem necessary in a show positioned such ...
The first episode of this show was absolutely phenomenal. It's about the MC feeling overworked, exhausted and stressed out to the brink of feeling suicidal, all of this because he sees himself trapped in a toxic unfulfilling working environment. So when a world-ending event such as a zombie apocalypse proves to be a golden opportunity for our protagonist to free himself from the shackles of his workplace and start doing the things he always wanted to do, you know you're in for something special. This goofy idea combined with the silliness of the scenes where the protagonist comes out unscathed while he rides his bike ...
the story was average at best but the fan service was unbearable and incredibly distracting. just go watch hentai at this point. a promising anime ruined completely by boobs jiggling in your face in every shot possible 😑. the story was predictable nothing new honestly. art style was really pretty but wasted the animators potential on stupid shit all the time. this might as well have been a 5 minute music video or something. the editing community will have a good time doing epic AMVs to imagine dragons but the actual anime is not worth watching just watch the AMVs or a few edits of the ...
Meiji Gekken: 1874 - Thank effing God that we're done with Crunchyroll and their absconded Originals branding.. . I love history...when it comes to anime, and Japanese history is FLOODED with stories like these that adds the animation element and makes the entire product interesting. Shows like mangaka Satoru Noda's Golden Kamuy and the modern original interpretation of Hideo Furukawa's The Tale of the Heike into Heike Monogatari, those shows are truly standouts when the topic of history or historical elements are the core function of the stories directed to the people. Japan itself has fought many valiant battles outside of its home country, as well as ...
More like a daytime soap opera than an anime. Too many cliches and cringe stuff. This makes the story way too predictable. The animation/ art style is pretty decent and the fight scenes are ok.. . The characters though.... One moment the protagonist is smart as heck, and then next moment they do the dumbest of things. What on earth is even going on? its all over the place!. Not to mention the side characters.... They spell out EVERY SINGLE THING in dialogue. I mean leave something up to the viewers to decipher instead of spoon feeding the entire thing.. . The way these characters react is the most off-putting ...
I wanted to like this show and the start that it had with the first episode was nice. But the more I watched it just got more and more annoying how dumb the mc is and I don't like it at all. Bro just simps so hard for someone who doesn't even like him at all. All he wants to do is lose his v-card which is just so stupid. I was hoping for it to improve but it hasn't at all. He doesn't contribute to anything in this show at all. This is just predictable in almost every episode and some of the jokes ...
TLDR: Bad writing, lazy animation, homophobic. This is not a good anime.. . Even though this anime seemed to have a really interesting premise, the execution of said premise is extremely bad. The character writing is some of the most lazy and horrible writing I have ever seen. Imagine someone says to you "in 5 seconds a red car will pass you, in 30 seconds someone will magically appear in front of you, in 2 minutes a pickle will be eaten 15 feet infront of you, and if you walk in to that building you'll immediately die" Now let's say the first 3 things happen you'll be ...
My overall take: Decent effort, but doesn't do much to stand out among the many other space-themed movies in the series.. . In this movie, Nobita's friends Gian and Suneo are accidentally abducted by aliens, so the others travel through space to save them. Doraemon and friends have gone on adventures in space so often that I sometimes have trouble keeping all their space-themed movies straight. And out of all their interstellar excursions, this one might stand out to me the least. It's not that it shares too many elements with other Doraemon films (I don't think it does, though it does exhibit parallels with non-Doraemon works ...
This anime is so bad that the main thing I took away from it is “This is a great example of why 3D in anime is an awful thing.” The story is just bad. The characters suck, so much so that I find myself wishing half of them would get killed off so that I don’t have to deal with them being in the story anymore. The powers are just awful copies of Stands or Personas in a political apocalypse. The only thing saving this from being a 1 or 2 star review is the fact that it was just bearable enough to be able ...
Attack on Skytree is basically a bunch of attack on titan scenes that you've seen before but with the Tokyo Skytree edited into them. The dialogue has been changed to turn this collection of scenes into an attack on titan parody about protecting the Skytree from a titan attack.. The main problem that this special has is that the only way to view it seems to be a video someone recorded on their phone and posted on youtube which doesn't make for a great viewing experience.. . The story itself is mediocre since it's just an attack on titan parody centered around the Skytree. The animation ...
This anime is a burning hot mess of great ideas and failed executions. Chaotic storytelling certainly doesn't help it. I'm really sad about how it turned out. References to Asimov, Blade Runner, Outlaw Star, Mars, Venus, black holes and aliens... So how come most of the spotlight is taken by two extremely annoying and boring characters who get worse and worse by episode? Why is it their relationship that gets most of the screen time and not other plots and problems that are infinitely more appealing? I just can't understand it. I'm so disappointed. Ugh.. . In some way this series is similar to Carole and Tuesday ...
0k, I found out about this story from certain AniTubers who said it was a better work than Toradora! despite being by the same author (Now I have no doubt that it was just nostalgia talking and that they haven't seen this work in many, many years), that, and that I love the works of Yui Horie and Ai Kayano got me interested in Golden Time; and I'm not lying when I say that I firmly believe that this is a story that no one, NO ONE should ever see.. . This is a series that is capable of hurting a young viewer (the target audience for ...
This special is just more chibi animations for attack on titan, this time about the final season. It consists of 16 short 30 second skits.. . The skits reference scenes from the main anime and try to make a joke about the scene. I didn't find most of the jokes in this special funny but that may just be my sense of humor. What's good about this special compared to the previous once is that it reduces the openings and credits a lot by limiting itself to just two episodes so you spend less time watching credits and more time watching the actual skits. The animation ...
This special is 7 two minute episodes with each episode containing three 30 second short skits. The other 30 seconds are the introduction and voice actor credits.. . These are Chibi animations about the third season, in a similar style to the earlier Attack on Titan picture drama. This time however the skits are less repetitive and with slightly better humor. The voice acting and sound are good, the animation is alright as far as Chibi animations go.. . Overall I don't feel like this is worth watching, it doesn't add anything to the main series and the humor is pretty hit or miss. Unless you like ...
Is this even Yu-Gi-Oh anymore?. . Well the show has a good opening i guess... . Everything else sucks. Where to even begin?. . This is a spinoff of SEVENS because we needed a spinoff of Sevens apparently.. . The MC is an alien. Why? Because wacky? The other two characters also have names that start with Yu because Arc V didn't run that troupe into the ground enough.. . ...
THIS IS NOT RELATED TO THE WONDERFUL MONSTER MUSUME (living with monster girls) ANIME!!!. . They both share monster musume (monster girl) in the title. But that's it. It's different authors. Don't be fooled.. . That being said this show is excruciatingly boring.. . The eechi is barely existent and there is no action whatsoever.. . The plot revolves around a MC who is a doctor and examines monster girls. Which you think would be funny and perverted but nope. It's strictly medical.. . ...
„We have Holo no Graffiti at Home“. The Hologra at home:. . Look, I get that it’s poor manners to center a review around comparing the work to some other work, but in this case it’s just a straight up blatant rip-off. The execs saw the success of the Hololive shorts and set out to imitate it. And it’s a mild, low-hanging imitation that utterly fails at what made the original great. It’s tame, the jokes don’t land and it *really* hinges on you already liking the characters instead of featuring comedy that can stand on its own. This feels like one of those bootleg movies from $1 ...
I downloaded a special version of this anime that had the filler cut out and even that was still filled with flashbacks. Why? Because every other scene relies on it. Some of the scenes would not have made sense without the flashback. That said, I skipped most of them anyway. Honestly, the pacing can be so slow that I just completely lose interest and find myself not paying attention.. . I'll just sum up my feelings here:. . - The soundtracks are really good, especially some of the villains like Nagato and Madara.. - Animations are typically lackluster and dull. - There's little to no real character development. - A lot of ...
This is what you have as a completely generic wishfulfillment fantasy with questionable stuff happening to this. It pretends to be a story with redemption but actually isn't. If it wasn't for animation, this show would be buried under others, and be forgotten, as it SHOULD BE.. . I am quite tired to see overrated chants for this show, when we all know that it is in fact a garbage show for any normal person. The only people who will call this "MASTERPIECE", will first try to use their mental gymnastics make excuse for grooming/molesting/buying slaves. And it is HORRIBLE. They also chant this show as grandfather ...
Tokyo Revengers is one of the shitties animes I've ever watched. This anime is basically abt an adult guy trying to take a revenge for his high school girlfriend's death. The story was trash already but the author made it even worse by adding time travel kinda thing. Which isn't even time traveling, if u ever watched some time traveling movies or series, you'll definitely be able find some very BIG plotholes in Tokyo Revengers. And the worst thing abt this anime was its drama. Its drama can be extended like an Indian tv serial. The author can extend a single episode by making it ...
Starts off interesting up until episode 5.. It felt like it was setting up for something good. But after that its just a bunch of directionless nonsense.. . The plot revolves around a girl Hina trying to fulfil her dying mother's final wish for her daughter to find the legendary Aces; legendary warriors from long ago.. She finds the legendary Ace Licht Bach...But apart from that there is no end goal to the plot.. . From episode 12 it turns into a reverse-isekai school slice of life for some reason.. . The characters' actions are nonsensical.. One of the female characters Nana refuses to button up her top. And she's so obnoxious. ...
Sorry, I can't let the nostalgia blind me. One Piece is an absolute mess and the epitome of shōnen brain rot. I've never seen a series that fails on so many levels. It's just so bad, and not only is it just bad; it's one of the largest media franchises in history. How?. . One Piece has nothing going for it. The power of friendship and vague idealism are the most anyone will ever derive from its story and characters. I mean, really, there's nothing there. There's absolutely nothing about One Piece that even attempts to be good. Luffy is like Eren Jaeger if you stripped ...
As an anime fan, I don’t really have a specific genre that I prefer over others. Each genre has its own charms. An anime of the romance genre like "Our Dating Story: The Experienced You and The Inexperienced Me" usually consists of an emotionally driven story focusing on the romantic relationship between two people. The centrepiece of such a work is the process of falling in love and the organic growth in the relationship, which usually resolves into a lovely romantic ending.. . Our Dating Story is a bit of a departure from the traditions of the genre. The premonitory signs of its arrival are present in ...
Mid Leveling meaning Mediocre Leveling. This mid show have mediocre story but good visual like demon slayer.. . Plot: 5/10. This plot boring, repetitive and predictable. Mc easy to win after reawakening and leveling to surpass limiter becoming mc isekai overpower.. This hallucinations story is perfect for those of you who like mc overpower/edgy and not care stupid plot.. . Visual: 6/10. One of the good things about this mid show have good visual, but even though not as good visual in the manhwa.. . ...
This show is crammed with so much fan service it struggles to keep a decent plot. It's a miracle I actually finished one season. All characters are basically the same outside of their designs. The men are some flavor of pervert while the women are all hapless victims to the men. Each of the sins are thrown a title of what sin they are and most don't bother keeping to it. Any time there was an actual interesting plot point that had me hoping there was something going for this story I was then thrown with fan service and fucking lolicon. I was recommended this ...
How about I save you the trouble - this series feels like an anime Lord of the Rings Porn Parody without the sex.. . I mean, with the villains being far to similar to Sauron and the ring wraiths I can't help but make that comparison - mostly because the idea of that amuses me more than the show itself.. . The plot has a decent foundation but it's execution is mid to garbage - it feels like it's story is far too cramped.. . Character development feels more forced than constipation, and they all end up seeming like jokes rather than serious characters. The MC acts like a stereotypical ...
I was rather looking forward to this only to be disappointed. I wouldn't necessarily say it's bad or good and I know some people will like this, but the story is really rather convoluted. I don't have problems filling in some plot points or them showing rather than telling. For this though, the whole show is a big fat mess, not pretty at all.. . The story keeps giving you information but half the time it doesn't feel relevant and just there to be there, it makes the show a lot more unpleasant to digest. The characters feel so one-sided and bland, they have one purpose ...
No.6 was an anime that I always hoped would come back with a good story of utopia and dystopia, but it fails in both. If it weren't for his good visuals giving him a heavier look, he would fail more than he already has.. I always try to look favorably on teenage characters, giving the opportunity to any author, but it's difficult to have an unbearable character with an out-of-the-ordinary morality that harms and fluctuates in a disgusting way. Getting in the way until the last minute of the anime. Whatever final plot would be shown, I no longer cared about almost any character.. The soundtrack, dialogues, ...
This is easily the worst anime I've watched this season and probably the worst in the past year. This show is really abysmal to say the least.. . The protagonist, an annoying virgin (yes, the term is plot-relevant) who refuses to be a decent person, and love interest, brother-syndrome trash, are nearly unbearable. I tried to hold out hope for any type of character development, but this is where I drop it. The only real saving grace is the animation (thanks to MAPPA), the side characters and story itself. It's a bit simple story-wise but the overarching plot of "honki people" had me intrigued, it could ...
These isekai’s tend to have pretty terrible setups. And this is one of them. They’re just scraping the bottom of the barrel here.. “In Another World With My Smartphone”... Really?. Thats the worse anime name ever. Its like they were looking for a subject to make an isekai so they threw a dart at a wall, and one of the other options was In Another World With My Selfiestick.. . Touya Mochizuki is accidentally killed by God. He cant be sent back to his world so God will send him to a new world. God asks him what he’d like in his next life and this ret**d ...
Everytime it seems like it's about to get good and they're FINALLY gonna have some chemistry, nothing happens and instead we get a close-up of Yamada with sparkly eyes. I get being unaware of how you're feeling but for more than half the story it's so one-sided it's just sad. Also, he's a high school student, I really hope this is her first year of uni because that's just... weird.. . Every single girl is a Yamada fan because he looks good? Pretty vapid, he has absolutely no personality. Yamada is uninterested in life and doens't even seem hyped about games either, if he were a spice ...
As someone who enjoys anime, I thought its ganna be an interesting anime. If I were still a child, I might have loved its colorful world and charming characters. However, as the series unfolded, my excitement waned.. . On the positive side, the anime starts with something interesting. The initial episodes introduce a unique setting and mysteries. Additionally, the characters are likable, especially the mc.. . Unfortunately, the excitement fades over time. Each episode becomes less interesting, and the plot feels bland. Moreover, the story’s twists and turns are disappointingly predictable. As a viewer, I found myself anticipating major plot developments well in advance.. . In summary, “Anime Title” might appeal ...
"Knight's & Magic" fails to live up to its potential, offering a lackluster story and forgettable characters that fail to leave a lasting impression on viewers.. . While the premise of a mecha-loving otaku reincarnated into a fantasy world has potential for an engaging and unique story, "Knight's & Magic" ultimately falls flat. The narrative follows Ernesti Echevarria, a young genius who quickly becomes proficient in the art of piloting giant robots known as Silhouette Knights. However, the story quickly devolves into predictable tropes and clichés, offering little in the way of originality or innovation. Even if you're a fan of the mecha genre, you'll likely find ...
This anime is such a shameful attempt at pandering to a certain target audience that it does not deserve a moment of anyone's time.. . "Sono Bisque Doll wa Koi wo Suru" fails to deliver a compelling narrative or engaging characters, making it a disappointing watch for fans of the romance genre.. . The story follows Wakana Gojou, a high school student who becomes enamored with making and dressing up dolls. While the concept of a protagonist with a unique hobby has potential, the execution falls flat, resulting in a predictable and lackluster plot. The series relies heavily on tired tropes and fails to offer any fresh or innovative ...
This anime appeared on my TV and would be illegal in many countries across the world. You cannot expect to make an anime about harboring an underaged youth and expect there to be no consequences for having a high school girl in a setting that is not appropriate for someone that could be classified as a child.. . This is not tolerated because it's just illegal and unacceptable.. . Other review:. . "Hige wo Soru. Soshite Joshikousei wo Hirou" fails to deliver on multiple fronts, resulting in a lackluster viewing experience.. . The story treads familiar ground within the romance genre, offering little in the way of innovation or originality. While predictable narratives ...
This is one of the worst mecha of all time.. There is no character development, their relationships are vague. It's 49 episodes of nothing but the monster of the week. Background stories are told through poorly executed flashbacks or rushed in a way that doesn't make sense, considering that 49 episodes are enough to develop a story.. Besides, there are even huge plot holes, as we can see in episode 43. The episodes ago the robots were thrown into space time on Jupiter, but in ep 43 they show them coming to earth in the era of dinosaurs (when they existed) and they were underground for all ...
Oh Boy, I know that I will draw Flak for this one, but please bear with me.. . Cyberpunk Edgerunners, which is a series that I have watched both subtitled and dubbed, is considered one of the best anime in recent memory. That said, I thought that this show was a mess, let me explain.. . Edgerunners has some positives to it and for some people, they might want to watch. With that in mind, a discourage any and all potential viewers. So without further ado, let us speak of the positives.. . The best thing about Edgerunners is the art and atmosphere of the series, which, as typical of Trigger, ...
This anime has been heavily advertised and recommended on various sites, so I really, really wanted to like it as well. The first episode didn't win me over, but I decided to power through, and now at the end of the season, I can't help but echo other reviewers that this show is extremely boring.. . From the whole royal court setting, I expected way more intricacy and political drama with the way the characters keep bringing up class distinctions and court etiquette, but every issue that arises is resolved pretty much instantly.. I also expected the main characters to have flaws or issues they have to work ...
Score: 4 (Bad). . Nothing is precisely wrong with the episode, but it earns its score of 4 by being unnecessary. No one needs a recap of 6 20 minute episodes. This usually happens when there are problems behind the scenes meeting deadlines, and due to Japan's odd insistence that an episode must go on, the dreaded recap happens. Recap episodes can also be a warning of a quality drop in animation in some of the following episodes. Unfortunately that proved to be the case by an obvious production value decline in some of the fight scenes post recap.. . The one spot a recap episode might actually serve ...
"Anything can enjoyed if no brainpower is required" perfectly encapsulates "Ore dake Level Up na Ken", better known as "Solo Leveling", it is a run-of-the-mill power fantasy with mindless action and trite storytelling. It was perhaps designed by the author to be as bland as possible and to appeal to as many young impressionable males as possible. Furthermore, the story serves as a form of escapism for its intended audience; for that reason, "Solo Leveling" should be reviled for its existence.. . The protagonist, Jin-Woo, serves as a self-insert to most young men, making up the base of the social hierarchy in real life. Whose worth, in ...
Oh my god season 3 is boring!. 13 episodes of nothing happening.. . Overlord III has the same issue as Overlord II but times 10.. . It focuses waayyyyy too much on things that are not at all interesting.. Focusing on a girl and her goblins for 3 episodes is not interesting. Neither is some kid’s love story. This is not a slice of life. Its supposed to be action fantasy. I don’t want to watch a village girl run errands for 3 episodes.. . When the focus is actually on the main character and his team its genuinely great and interesting to watch.. . But then there are these long scenes ...
MC is just another cuck that can't make up his mind, blushes and loses it every time a girl enters his peripheral. The MCs are blushing for so long that I start to wonder if they're constantly drunk. Maybe this show was just an ad about alcoholism? It also checks every cliche/trope on the list, from dumb misunderstandings to characters saying the same thing simultaneously for no reason at all. There is no substance to this show, it's very hollow despite how good it looks from the outside. It's just "the loser at school hooked up with the most popular girl" story all over again. ...
(Spanish review below).. . I expected something else.. . I was expecting a story that focused on Gojo and Geto, that would explain what happened between The Hidden Inventory and the first season of the series. And, in part it does... but with Okkotsu as the protagonist, a character that I couldn't care less about and who is the typical protagonist that I explained that I don't like in the review of the first season. In it I basically said that what I liked about Itadori is that he was not a character like Okkotsu.. . I don't think watching this movie will change anything. It introduces you to Okkotsu, who ...
this anime is fascist. it tries using allegories to depict it and at some point, attemps to make anti-fascists and anti-militarism remarks in it's story. fails miserably. the only thing this anime succesfully achieves by the end is depicting a genocide.. . if you still want to watch this hot piece of garbage, you'll probably stay due to the art style and action scenes being fun to watch. if you leave your political side behind, this is actually a fun experience. nothing magical, something that will change your life forever, but a little fun thing to watch before you go to sleep or anything like that.. . or you ...
Blame! is a movie that looks very promising but completely fails to deliver anything. Almost everything about the movie is lackluster. The characters are very forgettable and boringly one dimensional. Everyone's personality could be summed up in zero to five words. The story crawled at a snail's pace except for three or four moments- only one of which actually felt like an important moment. There's very little to no build up so everything is completely unexpected in the worst way possible.. . And the writing and world building... Hoo... It's just downright bad. When you jump into the movie, you have this feeling that there's a ...
I really wanted to like this anime, I really did, but it has simply too many flaws to be good, or even acceptable in my eyes. The first season of this was not good at best but I'm watching the second season because of the potential I saw in the first. Unfortunately, it seems that I was misguided because this season might even be worse than its predecessor.. . Much like the first season of Hikari no Ou, the animation is simply woeful. It is lazily done and many scenes are genuinely hard to look at. Allegedly, some of the shots in this were done with AI, ...
Starts off as an average, but funny isekai. Unfortunately it gets worse after episode 8 as the anime is quite rushed in terms of pacing, and the humour from the source material ends up getting discarded, in favour of some rather poorly animated fight scenes.. . By the third part of the anime, characters are barely even introduced, with only a quick on screen card with their name and abilities. And there are a lot of new characters, making it difficult to remember any of them. In terms of plot, episode 9 and 10 feel like a lot is being skipped and briefly mentioned as ...
if you hate or uncomfortable with such things like bro-con/inc3st/sweet home Alabama or cringe fan service, don't watch this. Especially if you haven't watched the previous season.. . it would've been okay if the female lead (Miyuki) only love her brother like a siblings type of love, but it's way more than that, on the first episode she had a thoughts of wanting to kiss and seduce her brother.. . the character design and the whole art style is average, nothing special, just like one of those anime where the female lead (which in here is muyuki) is viewed as the most gorgeous-captivating-jaw dropping-very talented being and ...
TL;DR: The anime is weird and not in a good way. If focuses far too heavily on a saliva based kink (which involves 0 kissing) and if you aren't interested in that kink it can be hard to watch. The story and characters themselves seem interesting enough however if you aren't interested in the kink I would recommend just staying clear of it because the anime traps you in to thinking there is growth but there never comes any.. . So let's get in to it, I stumbled upon this anime through the random function of a site and the first episode is fairly interesting and leads ...
ABSOLUTE WASTE OF TIME. If you watch this movie for its "deep plot" you will be disappointed. The Neon movie gets a 10 by a lot of people mostly because it just looks like a classic movie poster, but don't get it twisted. This movie does NOTHING amazing except for having a higher budget in its animation with smoother fights, darker tones, and more gore and nudity than a TV show.. . Main problem:. It attempts to be complex, but ends up being inconsistent, riddled with plot holes, villains with god-like power, absurd characters..... . Many people argue that "no bro you just didn't understand the symbology." No. I got ...
To summarize this review: Neon has good waifus, amazing art, and it sucks in everything else -especially it's main character Shinji.. . A lot of people say Neon Is one of those animes you have to watch at least once, and they're right. But it's definetly not for its lovable main character, it's convoluted story, or it's absurd realism.. . Story:. Some argue that "you just don't understand Evan" when defending this anime's poor attempt of storytelling. I'm sorry, but as an artist myself, flashes of symbolism and a lore centered around a real world serious topic like religion, does not automatically mean this anime's interperation is going ...
Before watching any anime I start to look at its score on this page, when I saw a 7.41 I thought it would be an anime that was going to be good enough to recommend it. In the end I was disappointed, the most unfortunate thing is having to watch 22 episodes to realize that the most important plot has no outcome. Don't waste your time watching this unless you have nothing to see.. I liked the animation, setting, intro and outro but the script failed. I ended up disappointed, I thought I had found a gem but it was the opposite.
After a very charming and entertaining 1st season (and rightfully acclaimed), a duller second part, now comes this absolute stinker of a 2nd season. The season totally lacks everything that made the first part of the 1st season so charming and endearing - all the humor and the charming character interactions are completely gone. What we get instead is overblown drama and completely gratuitous violence and gore which totally ruined for me the original spirit of the show which for me felt like a slice of life comedy rather than an action thriller. And let's be honest, the show's premise (at least initially) was more ...
People love to dump on Rent a Girlfriend because of the brainless plot and the snail-pace story progress. But oh boy, is that show a masterpiece compared to this cringe fest, and I simply can't understand its popularity or why it's so highly rated. First of all, the show is a complete insult to people that struggle with social anxiety and have trouble fitting in. This is the most shameless and lazy wish-fulfilling escapist fantasy that I've seen in recent memory. No chance in hell that a literal model would fall for this tiny creepy guy who dose absolutely NOTHING throughout the whole show or ...
A banal plot, at the beginning they show a happy family, which means that by the end of the first episode they will die and the main character will take revenge.. . The animation is not bad, but there is a lot of pointless blood and action. If they show a fight, then it’s just a lot of quickly changing cuts, it’s beautiful, but nothing is clear and it doesn’t create tension.. . Anime is perfect for teenagers who like 80% of anime to be rivers of blood and fights for the sake of fighting.. . I didn’t see any humor, drama, depth or plot. Even for background viewing, this anime ...
The art style is very good in some places, but overall it is a jumble of frames overloaded with information or, on the contrary, too simplified. In general, it seems that many different studios worked on the project and did not communicate with each other at all.. . The characters evoked literally 0 emotions, just another overgrown teenagers with overwhelming emotions.. . The plot is boring and incomprehensible, I watched it while I was sitting there hoping to see something interesting. This did not happen.. . Jokes...are these even jokes? The characters just shout all sorts of nonsense, like in old anime, but it’s completely out of place and never even ...
First off AOKANA has a great concept and execution... in the visual novel. The anime removing romance has me feel less both towards characters and sports which you'd think would be improved cause it's given extra focus.. . I finished playing both Aokana and EXTRA1 & 2 recently and they're all perfect imo, I've seen some people say the romance was a bit out of place at some points in the VN but this adaptation proves to me that "A story about girls flying through the sky and falling in love" (or something like that was shown at the Grand end credits) is a necessary part of ...
A cartoon made with the logic of don't upset the audience & make everything childish. Characters never die. Everyone is happy at the end of the day and they eat tom and jerry lookin ah meat and they also had campfire. The drawings of the cartoon suck. It doesn't have any meaning or philosophy. The justification for why this cartoon is more than a thousand episodes: 5 minutes of twenty-minute episodes are a repetition of the previous episode, 5 minutes are intro and exit credits, 5 minutes are 2 picture punching scenes (showing the same thing over and over again), 5 minutes are idle ...
This is my first, maybe only review. I haven't experienced any other Dragon Ball media, so I wanted to start at the beginning. And I'll do my best to honor Toriyama's legacy by recommending you to NOT give the anime a shot if you're in my same situation, and just hop on Z or the manga.. . What I loved: Designs, music, fights.. . Seriously, it's such a good time when you're watching fights play out, the tension is great, the impacts are felt, and the little ways Toriyama subverts you in the manga, are drawn out here to lengths. The opening and ending (s?) are amazing at ...
This show could've had so much potential. Unfortunately, it fails at every single one of those opportunities. To start off, the amount of filler in the show is insane. It's reported to be at 70% filler or anime-only canon material, so I would advise anyone coming from Naruto Shippuden to either find a filler list to skip all non-essential episodes or simply read the Boruto manga. Second, the power-scaling in this show is just a disgrace. A good example is when Sasuke, a God-level shinobi in Naruto and Naruto Shippuden, fires a single fireball jutsu at Urashiki and immediately passes out on the ground right ...
*No Spoilers*. This review is for The Seven Deadly Sins.. . Summary:. The Seven Deadly Sins is a story that fuses stereotypical, poorly written characters with a generic magical. European Middle Ages setting. The highlight of this anime is, for most people, probably the fight scenes and. action, though the story is predictable with stagnant characters and significant flaws. The art and music are. average. If you enjoy this genre of action and adventure, this may be an anime to check out, although the. overall quality is quite poor, with minimal character development, a poor premise, and glaring issues with a. lack of power system.. ...
Overall this anime mainly talks about teenage girls who are facing puberty and a lonely hinedere boy, almost disliked by everyone, who magically solves all their problems because they can't seem to fix them themselves. It all started when the main character encounters that schoolgirl actress disguised who tells him about her problem and since then, a romance story had just begun.. . The story itself is pretty shaky, but that's not without adding other major issues found in many anime such as unnecessary sexualized scenes and jokes, annoying harem tropes, incest teasing, unmemorable characters and many others. It just felt like the author has never spoken ...
This shows started cool but quickly went down hill.. It is just : "Side quest, the anime" without any actual character development.. . Our mc is a good guy so by doing these side quests he shows he is a good guy.. But wait !. With the next side quests, he shows yet again that he is a good guy.. Oh right and he is very overpowered but also modest to boot.. . They completely forgot the fact that he has to sneak around because he is a monster.. Or completely forgot about the girl that buys him clothes in epi 1-2.. ...
What the hell is wrong with this MC? Does he even have a backbone??. I think not. He just follows the orders and doesn't even question them. Very bad storyline. At least give a human personality to the MC and not some bs fan fiction.. . The story was predictable af and not interesting at all. The characters look like have been the created by a chuuni who has a fking Masochist fantasy. -_-. . The world building around MATO and curses was interesting at first. But, after a few episodes, i do not see much progress in the plot and is more focused on the MC interactions ...
Why do we have Indian serial stories in our anime ? This storyline was so uninteresting. They try to be too dramatic about the simplest of things. Also the story never lets the main couple settle and have a few enjoyable moments between them. The MC and FMC are thrust into one problem after another. This is like amc drama level writing. So boring. It's sad to see such beautiful animation got wasted on such a bad story. Only old grandmas and grandpas who are used to watching old drama romance shows can appreciate this lame story in this modern day.
This is so bad. I just can't understand this high rating. Weak motivation, flashbacks every couple of minutes, poor hero development. It's very annoying to have a hero who completely ignores his superpowers. But even everyone around completely ignores the obvious changes.. Every time a hero thinks about upgrading his abilities, I beg him to upgrade his intelligence. For me, this is the only explanation for his actions.. Again, it is discouraging, disappointing, frustrating and exhausting. I really don't understand why this anime is on the top list.. . . Couple more answers for MAL. This anime is not unique, I immediately remembered the anime Cautious Hero and I would ...
Well, I have nothing inherently compelling to say, once you start reading this review you should already know where this is going. For the first time since I started writing reviews, I cannot bring myself to write one. This is going to be a rant and nothing else, so here goes:. . So, first things first, what's with the whole gorilla waifu thing? I mean, seriously, how was that supposed to even work? Anyway, let's just push that thought out of our minds and dive into the harem aspect. Now, I'm all for a good harem, I love it, but this one? It's just... cringe. Something deep ...
For a romance anime with such unique potential centered around the theme of 'gyarus,' this one falls disappointingly short. Initially excited by its announcement, my enthusiasm quickly waned after just a few episodes.. . The protagonist fits the typical simp archetype, blushing after every few sentences for some unknown reason. Despite the main attraction being gyarus, their presence is hardly emphasized. Apart from the main girl and her mom, who embody the gyaru style, the rest of the characters seem to forget their gyaru identities right after their introduction.. Additionally, I noticed inconsistencies in the animation, particularly in character design, with frequent mishaps in depicting details like the ...
Don't watch this unless you've played the 'Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc' game first. The show just basically recaps the events of the game, but with very rushed pacing. The story of the original game is excellent, but the anime adapts it very poorly. I'd recommend watching a Let's Play video on YouTube instead of this.. . The Original Story 10/10. The story of the original game has a lot of unpredictable plot twists and it's one of the best I've seen in any media.. Characters: 9/10. Most of the characters have very likable and unique personalities. Sometimes, certain characters might be a bit annoying.. Animation: 7/10. Nothing special, ...
*my english is not that good. i am not a native english speaker*. . if your gonna make an historical show then i expect it to be somewhat realistic. that dosent mean you need to be 100% historically accruate obviously. i am not the kind of those people who want everything to be accruate.. . however. i simply cannot understand how can you make such nonsensical stuff like viking breaking entire ships with their sword. i really dont understand why the mangaka decided to make it a fantasy show instead of making it historical.. . because if the mangaka were to make it grounded in reality and not insert ...
i was looking for another episodic anime because kino's journey is one of my favorites. so people recommended me this series.. . however. unlike kino's journey which have intruiging and uniqe stories with a great style may i add, this show is boring, with the same plot repeating over and over in which the protaganist try helping the locals deal with those mushi entites.. . the reason its boring is because unlike in kino's journey where each episode is compleatly uniqe and different from the other, in mushishi its basically the same plot over and over. and those stories are really boring and not interesting in the slightest.. . it ...
All over the place is the best way to describe this anime. The animation is a mixed bag, sometimes being quite detailed, but mostly average. There are also moments where they use zooming to create movement in the shot, which is a bad idea. The image is a fixed resolution so zooming in and out in post creates all sorts of issues. The actions scenes are sometimes decent, but other times agressively average. Characters are the only constant. Constantly poorly written that is. There is some attempt at depth, but it's common for the characters motivations to make no sense what so ever. They're overly ...
Well... Very disappointing... I loved S1 but this has nothing to do with it, even the characters are a lot different.. The continuation of the story we know is rushed so we can jump from an epic journey in S1 to a slice of life trying to be comedy style with a mighty quest in S2.... And the famous quest is to find a cure for the sick wiggling spaguetti.... . We could feel sorry for the hero's previous life in 1st season, but after 2nd all one can say is he had the life a trashbag deserves, it was even to soft on my point of view.. . I think ...
The light novel is good but this anime adaptation is garbage, They skipped a lot of important details from the novel so the anime looks like sht and doesn't make sense anymore, they didn't even bother to introduce some key characters and wtf are they for they just straight up put them in the scene with little to no information and they did the same for every "important" enemy making them look like a random character to kill, Animation is fcking horrendous I have no idea how this garbage is even approved. TLDR just don't watch this garbage you will just waste your time trying ...
DO NOT WATCH THIS IF YOU LIKE BASKETBALL!. . This series is not made for basketball lovers nor anyone with a basic understanding of team sports. There's no I in team but there are only I's in this series. Sakurahi plays his first match but does not even know the positions. In fact, he is given 0 instructions when he enters the match, so he just does protagonist things. No tactics, no team play, only focus on the best players doing crazy things. Since the matches run so long, this aspect becomes really grating which is frustrating as the elements outside the matches are fun. The coaches ...
I was clicking through Crunchyroll because I was really bored and happened to come across "The Iceblade Sorcerer Shall Rule the World". I've had the series on my "should watch sometime" list since its release, but somehow it's still flown under my radar. And now that I've given it a chance, I've realized that I'd probably rather have forgotten about it completely.. . A young man attends a magical school that is actually mainly reserved for nobles - he is not one. This makes him stand out early on, especially because he doesn't seem to know any magic. Even though it is not directly stated, the viewer ...
I've heard it said that anime is often just an advertisement for the media it's adapting, be that a manga, light novel, or visual novel. I don't agree with that take all that much, but Suki desu Suzuki-kun!! takes this phenomenon to the next level. While you can tell there's something there, at the very least a passable romance plot, the execution of this anime is simply just terrible. From what I can tell, the manga itself isn't bad at all, and even has somewhat of a beloved status among its fans, so it's not what's being adapted that's the problem, it's the adaptation itself. ...
A shop dealing in exotic animals finds itself as the common denominator in a series of mysterious deaths. A homicide detective is determined to make the correlation between these deaths and the enigmatic owner of the shop.. . The illustration quality is high and there are a few moments of superb technical animation; however, the animation is generally stiff for the majority of the short runtime. Each episode is theme-specific and the pacing is ruinous to the representation of these themes - the overall storyline compositions are poor. The atmosphere of the series is noir and decadent; the 3-D videogame-like opening is dated and telling of this ...
What is this? Is this anything?. . Clannad: After Story is the anime equivalent to watching a YouTube video titled something like “Sad animal videos to make you cry - Part 6”. Is what I’m watching “sad”? In the most basic sense, yes. Does it in any way rely upon a particular connection to the characters/animals involved? No. It relies upon a sense of sympathy/empathy that most people just instinctually have. Clannad: After Story is, to borrow a phrase, all fart and no shit.. . To accuse a piece of fiction of being “emotionally manipulative” feels strange; most, if not all, art falls under this umbrella. Of course any ...
Worst anime iv seen my life it is down there with Freezing and other crap like that literly makes you realize you ir wasting you'r life watching this stuff iv seen animes like that that ir 4-6 minutes long but usualy they ir relly funny this one its just a pile of tits haha bath haha water and the intro for the anime is 1 minute when the anime i 3 minute what the actual frick who wold use money to make this if not to money londer or something i just dont get why this exists or was made if it was a hentai ...
If you read through the synapsis of Re:Zero there is one crucial information missing to set your expectations accordingly, that is: Re:Zero is a harem anime. It is the main genre and the only reason people like it, I guess. I really can’t come up with another explanation. Basically you got a pathetic main character (MC) who is surrounded by a bunch of cute female characters, all interested in him, for some reason, unbeknownst to the audience. You got a cute waifu for every taste, with almost all the hair colors and chest sizes imaginable (I say almost, but who knows what they will do ...
This was genuinely awful and sexist.. . Why did the studio think, that taking one of their anime and disgracing every single main character by having them be stomped like nothing would make anyone want to watch their new show?. . The clear implication that all the powerful female warriors go down like chumps against the one male character only makes it worse.. . Could you imagine if Toei Animation had promoted One Piece back in 1999 by having Luffy beat the sh*t out of the Son Goku and co. back in 1999? You'd still have people be salty about it nowadays.. . This is how I feel about this OVA.. It ...
In the trauma therapy business there's much talk about the nervous system activation. When we encounter a situation that is frightening, dangerous or emotionally painful, our nervous system activates the fight/flight response. If we are unable to resolve the situation we can go into a freeze response instead, completely shutting down either partly (such as not feeling emotions, stop feeling physical pain) or fully such as passing out. If we can resolve a dangerous situation somehow, we still need to downregulate our nervous system to "rest and digest", this takes time and focused effort. One problem in our world is a culture where we rather ...
Where is the samurai character at, he shows up like 3 times so far, honestly he is the only character worth mentioning in this anime, what is this, too many main characters for it to be an anime. I honestly only want to see him i want the story to follow him, he is actually interesting and all the other ones are just weird brother what is this. This anime has no clear path, its just all over the place you cant even follow with a "main character", I personally think anime made with multiple main characters like this is just useless.
Yes! 5 Precure is so boring. All of the other Precure seasons I’ve seen thus far have something to offer, but this one has absolutely nothing, and I mean that with complete sincerity.. Most of the Precure are your bog standard tropes that Toei loves using, like the blue one being the rich girl, and the red one being athletic. I know this was the first series to have more than two/three girls, but still. They could’ve done way better. The characters are super boring, and while their relationships were cute, they’re nothing special. I was considering actually dropping this season outright because it was so ...
When I first came across this show, the poster drew my attention. The description provided a plot line that seemed like I could get behind. After watching the first 5 episodes, I was expecting great things. I thought that if a show was given 20 episodes, it either they would have made great progress and left an amazing cliffhanger for the next season or it would become a bust.. . After completing the series, I can wholeheartedly say that this show was a bust. I don't want to spoil anything but the main character is the typical strong character but super dumb. As I was watching the ...
Here's a unique review, coming from someone who genuinely doesn't care who the protag is. Ash was cookie cutter and the fact he got to star in like 20+ seasons is beyond me. It's a show about magical monsters, how did they manage to make it revolve around 1 person?!. . So that's where I'm left with this. I went in thinking, "Oh nice! They're finally going to change the story formula and make use of the franchise" "We're finally going to get something like Scarlet Wings or Origins, fleshing out the world itself!". . And that's why I stopped watching, I got my hopes up.. . It's just female ash, ...
Episode starts and Frieren interacts with an insignificant and uncatchy episodic character, it cuts into a flashback of the perfect human being Himmel with his unquestionable act of truth on a similar situation Frieren is experiencing. Maybe They add an alcoholic priest joke which is so funny so why don't we do it for a hundredth time. Anyway eventually the flashback ends and Frieren smiles, how heartwarming. Meanwhile Fern pouts on either Frieren or Stark but cheers up in the end and Stark just feels sorry the whole episode as always. What am I talking about? Oh it is just the every episode of the ...
As a huge fan of the manhwa for many years, i awaited the arrival of a good adaption, and i must say im disappointed, maybe my expectations were too high and now im left underwhelmed. If, ur looking forward to this series, skip the anime, go for the manhwa, you'll have a much better experience that way.. . The studio is dragging the ever living sh*t out the series with many extra scenes which i believe to be mostly unnecessary. To elaborate on this, scenes like the jeju island which is supposed to be introduced far later in the series due to a surprise discovery of ...
What a sad watch, not because of the story, but the amount of wasted potential.. . Yes, I decided to watch this one because of its stellar intro. A mesh of interesting visuals, amazing song, colors, and the idea that it'll be a bit experimental, weird, but ultimately great, or so I thought. It directly began by changing what I expected. A story about a moment, and only that moment. If you could stop time, what would you do? It's such a monumental power that the head of a family, with his good heart, hid it away, knowing there are those who can, and will, use it ...
I think Solo Leveling is better geared towards the new generation of anime fans. However, for long-time anime fans like me, it will definitely be a copy and paste experience that you've seen before. The shows plot is very fast-paced and doesn't really delve into established world-building, so right out of the gate the show lost a lot of interest from me, but I continued nonetheless. The main character just lacks any backstory and is the typical main character who is overpowered and all the women love him. There isn't necessarily anything wrong with that, but like I mentioned before...long-term anime fans like myself have ...
So Arifureta Shokugyou de Sekai Saikyou, Or Arifureta: From Commonplace to World's Strongest is an Incopitent and offensively bad show that has more Loli fanservice than action or plot, The Power System is a poor mans Alchemy from FMA and the story itself feels reminiscent of something like solo leveling, If you were to strip every fanservice scene in the show then there would hardly be a show at all.. How this got a prequel and a reason 2 is beyond me.. . MC- The main character is a whiny edgy tsundere, He is unbearable. There isn't much to say about him since he's a pretty nothing ...
As an avid fan of action, adventure, drama, and fantasy genres, I was eager to immerse myself in the acclaimed series, Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood, expecting a groundbreaking tale of military prowess and mythical elements. However, my excitement quickly turned to disillusionment as I delved deeper into the disappointing depths of this anime.. . To begin with, the plot felt like a rehash of tired clichés and predictable tropes. From the angsty protagonist haunted by his past to the generic evil organization threatening the world, there wasn't a single element that felt innovative or fresh. It was as if the creators took every overused storyline and mashed them ...
Boku no pico has a better story and development than this crap, Mecha and Sci-fi are genres that I like, but this anime is a mix of bitter and sour, it doesn't work, There's an episode where half the time they're going up in an elevator, All the characters are assholes, Shinji is a potato, Hideaki Anno, I'm going to hunt down your family for creating this tasteless joke, I just don't give it a lower rating because I recognize that Evangelion had its importance in the anime industry, the only thing that saved it was the Portuguese dubbing of Portugal with the "Parabains" video ...
Good lord, it's like a train wreck I can't look away from.. This is a horror manga. That's the only explanation for this horror.. I don't actually mind dark stuff, but uh. Yeah, this series is unabashed about being a slutfest with no substance. (Why. Just why do people start liking each other for no reason at all? Which is the SMALLEST of the problems here.). I mean, at least it doesn't shy away from admitting rape is rape, but good lord that doesn't quite make it less horrifying. 😅. My greatest complaint is Yuri. It is physically painful to listen to him speak. He is unhinged in the ...
First things first; I found this hentai looking for "Yamete kudasai" meme. I was somehow expecting what was going on, but this... this is just too much for me to bear.. The whole goddamn plot is about two lower-than-animal-human-looking entities(gonna call them entities from now on) who rape young innocent girls. Those entities + another doctor entity in episode 2 use girls as they are just goods or I don't know maybe some wholes or pigs. We don't live in 2000 years ago when a country conquered another, and raped all the females living in the city!. NUR builds rape; PoRo builds rape, but they are more ...
This is straight up fan service, it wasn't bad in the first episode but by the 4th episode its just that.. I started watching this because it seemed like a chill anime with no drama or action but just some guy trying to run a herbal shop, which isi what I wanted something chill, peaceful and possibly cute or at least interesting and it did start off as that but then it just became fan shot affter fan shot, even during episode 4 I thought for a moment if it was a BL as well because of the way a male character fell face flat with ...
I just watched this because I was curious about Renbokouji Akira, there is this scene that often appears on TikTok and Reels, where she screams when her computer turns off due to a power failure. But just watching episode 1 alone made me very stressed, what the hell is this show? Who is the creator, middle school girl? Or elementary? I kept waiting for the scene I was looking for until my eyes bled. In the end I got it in episode *, and there was nothing more I wanted in the next episode.. . I say this probably because I am an adult who has ...
It's kind of funny sometimes, and the fights have cool effects, but this show is structured badly and the mc is terrible. The main girls of Shadow Garden hardly get any screen time and the show is building towards nothing. It seems the only goal was to check all the boxes that 14 year old boys might like. So, if you are a 14 year old boy go ahead you will likely enjoy it. But if you are expecting ANYTHING of value from the show beyond 100 girlfriends with magic powers stay away. I made it to episode 10 convinced that some subversion or twist ...
Kuma kuma kuma bear suffers from the Isekai second season syndrome.. Our teddybear pajama MC punched all the bad guys, gained all the powers, brought happiness to all lolis, saved all the kingdom, made all the powerful friends she needed, enterpreneured all the money and explored all the new world in the first season.. So the majority of the second season is spent showcasing each of those spots under the paper-thin guise of "problems" occuring to her friends.. . Some meager attempts were made to pretend the new world keeps expanding in scope (mainy by the MC saying "Gee-whiz, this new world sure has still many unseen places ...
We have a female elf summoned in this world hundreds of years ago, an elf without divine powers who is worshipped as a goddess by the locals for no reason at all.. She has been living as a recluse hermit for sixty years because of her reactions as a child under five.. . She tells once or twice per episode a short story of the past, so short it is not interesting.. Her priestess forces her out and there we have some kind of short events.. . This anime is more of a slice of life than a comedy. Nothing is really funny, it's more about ridiculous situations that cause a ...
"The Sign of Affection" presents itself as a flat romance lacking depth in both its characters and storyline. The characters are one-dimensional, with no significant character arcs or development throughout the series. The absence of misunderstandings or conflicts leaves little to engage the audience, as there are no hurdles for the main couple to overcome in their relationship.. . The rapid progression of the romance feels forced and unnatural, failing to evoke any emotional investment from viewers. Unlike more satisfying narratives where couples evolve gradually, here, the protagonists' relationship blossoms too quickly, leaving no room for genuine connection or growth. The protagonist's seemingly flawless nature further detracts ...
Came after watching a reels on it. I gotta stop thinking that every mc with eye powers is like gojo.. The amount of shit the main character is made of and comes out from his mouth is unbearable. FUKIN good for nothing and makes every job hard for other characters. Everything would have gone smooth if the mc didn't existed. The mage girl is alone enough lol.. . The anime storytelling is fuked up.Nothing is explained well. just don't watch it unless you want to see a bland mc with no powers but always says "he will save every girl 🤡".. Lol there's nothing to talk about more ...
The OVA follow-up to the series falls short of expectations, attempting to inject more Basara singing action into the mix. However, it takes a questionable turn by introducing space whales, a trope reminiscent of Star Trek IV, and weaving in a Moby Dick-esque plot that ultimately feels unsatisfying. While the animation quality is passable, it's unable to rescue the messy storyline. Despite a handful of catchy tunes like "Dynamite Explosion," the narrative struggles to align with the essence of Fire Bomber. Adding to the disappointment is a troubling scene involving Mylene, which feels out of place and uncomfortable. The glaring absence of Max and Milia's ...
There's a level of mid-tier Isekai I enjoy. Low-stakes, funny normally with a 'found family' narrative. These shows normally have some other spin or other. This is one of those, with the spin being that this kid has been surrounded by incredibly important people without realising who they are. He's also seriously overpowered, but that's a given.. . Let me now explain why this is a disappointment. Simply put, it tries to have a plot. As usual with mid-tier shows like this it handles it badly and relies heavily on tropes and archetypes. If you want a chill out anime with funny characters the bad cheesy plot ...
So back when this first started airing, I was pretty excited for it! There was a ton of hype around this show and I'd heard about it before from people just praising and hyping it up. I was really looking forward to this show, thinking it would be something really cool and groundbreaking... But it really isn't. It's not like... ALL bad, but I still can't recommend it.. . The first two episodes were probably the best ones really. They set up the world, and it's premise, while also introducing us to the MC and showing off how clever and selfless they are... But it all goes ...
A Shibuya Letdown: Jujutsu Kaisen Season 2 Fails to Deliver. Jujutsu Kaisen season 1 burst onto the scene with stunning animation, a captivating story, and characters you couldn't help but root for. Season 2, however, feels like a pale imitation, leaving me utterly disappointed.. . The animation, which was once a highlight, is now inconsistent. While some fight scenes remain impressive, others suffer from choppy movements and awkward stills. This inconsistency throws off the entire viewing experience, making the action feel jarring and underwhelming.. . Jujutsu Kaisen season 2 is a frustrating watch. It fails to live up to the high bar set by its predecessor, leaving me feeling cheated ...
I'm going to be weak: The only reason I put this anime on my list was because I saw the ISEKAI theme. It was my mistake not having seen the genre, which is BL erotica.. . I didn't even bother watching or understanding the anime, I just skipped the scenes to try to see if it had any chance of being good, but even that didn't help.. Honestly, if Studio Hokiboshi had made a hentai, they would have done better with the timing, plot, and even the faggot. However, I wouldn't see it, because BL isn't my thing, I'm cisgender heterosexual.. . After this misfortune, I'm paying more attention to ...
Digimon Adventure 2000 was simply a disappointment. As many said at the time it was released, they promised one thing and did another (like Netflix's He-Man).. They included several Digimon that were not from that time, comparing the first generation of Digimon. This made me lose the notion that there are other generations with other protagonists.. Furthermore, focusing only on Tai(chi)'s perspective made the other protagonists just a bunch of secondary characters in the story.. . Honestly, I watched episodes 50 to 67 at speed 1.5 and sometimes I mute, just watching the animation (in addition to skipping the scenes), to end this torture. The entire first generation is ...
This anime is probably one of the worst animes I've ever watched.. To put it shortly, the main characters nor the story are anything special, just more self-hating characters that everyone has seen tens of times, except this time they don't evolve, making it very repetitive, boring and quite predictable.. The last two episodes, despite being very different from all the others, don't help it in the slightest, as the "phylosofical" aspect of it is totally irrelevant to the story; not only did I not get what they were trying to portray but also it already had been feeling like a drag to watch and this only ...
Beautifull art ... bad history ... bad characters and cring as hell .... . Bleach : Sennen kassen-hen is the last arc of bleach. The main history is about a normal living guys that have contact with ghosts(???) and shinimigamis, he get powers and the chaos starts.. . This time they put some money on this bs, cause everyone that watched bleach must be kinda old nowadays.. . History (1/10) : I´m really a fan of shoujos and shonen´s histories, but they must be good and bleach is not one of those. History wise is a bs with lots of cliches, hey the good boy is losing ? He get ...
Just another bland isekai to add to the never-ending list, checked it because how popular and high regarded it got, but oh boy, there was nothing original or of value here.. . It starts by having the edgy loner MC being a jerk on his first interaction, and how inrealistically the popular girl at school only has eyes for him for no reason. The show tells us how the struggle of ow the edge MC is being so strong but as a human, but being powerless agaisnt firearms, which the show contradicts itself by showing him being faster than bullets and able to follow a car by ...
You know the "three episode rule"? This show was a clear 10/10 at that point. Hell, I didn't even need three episodes, just a single scene from episode 1 of our goofy princess's "escape plans" or even a single frame of her angry expression was enough to win me over.. . It would have been a great show it it was actually about that goofy princess, or about travel and adventures, or about pirates vs. ninjas, or solving a legendary mystery, or any of the things the start of the show leads you to believe it is about. Instead, all those things turn out to be irrelevant, ...
Fooly Cooly was hyped up to me for so long. I was very excited to watch it. I love gainax, and I love trigger.. . FLCL was one of the biggest disappointments of any media I have ever seen. It has some of my favorite animation and music. But that is all thrown out the window when you have almost literally no plot or depth of character. Also yes I understand the show is a allegory for growing up. But I feel that could have come across in 15-30 minutes. Not 6 episodes. This show would have been so much less of a let down if ...
What a snooze fest. I gave up at episode 8.. . I enjoyed Dead Mount Death Play Part 1. But Part 2 is just terrible.. The plot is more convoluted than it needs to be.. . There are way too many characters constantly being introduced.. And they all share almost the same personality of over-cockiness. Constant evil grins. So many characters acts the same it becomes so redundant. Almost every character is just obnoxious.. A bunch of one dimensional characters that pretend like they have depth. A bunch of lame twists and reveals.. . I feel like the actual main character is barely in this. And when he is on screen ...
Yikes. I haven't seen a good romance in so long and the reviews here deceived me. I gave it a try, and I thought it had a good premise. Sort of. A girl who is deaf and the popular nice guy. OK, same cliche as the shy x popular but with a nice bonus of the girl being deaf. I say "nice" because that's exactly how her disability is treated. It's portrayed as adding on to her cuteness, and I will admit, a big reason for me sticking with this anime past the first few episodes was her - she's stinking adorable. And this is ...
If you're looking for an interesting story to watch, then, in my opinion, you're in the wrong place.. . Lots of time are wasted on the MC and his wives trying to be intimate with him then him refusing their advances and his inner-monologue each episode or so.. Nothing spectacular either when it comes to the story or the fight scenes or even to satisfy the Ecchi genre in any way that would make this show watchable.. . We are on episode 9, and I'm yet to find anything interesting in the story, and I think it's too late to shift the focus from whatever is going on now.. . I ...
I don't know why I keep doing this. I don't know why I keep doing this. I don't know why I keep fucking doing this but every single damn time I still fucking put up with this shit even though I know I'm gonna hate it. I knew it would suck, I knew I would be wasting hours of my life I could spend watching something I actually enjoy, I knew that I have so many better shows both on in my backlog.. . Ok, biggest issue, main problem that really pissed me off with every damn MINUTE that passes is Yuki, she is so generic.. . I ...
What even is this anime? A story about a deaf girl who, out of nowhere, falls in love with some random hot guy she met at the bus? The whole plot is a mess. By episode 2, she's already declaring love. Where's the buildup? And her love interest? He's a weirdo. "Let me into your world"? Seriously? It feels like this anime just throws romance in without any rhyme or reason. I'd call it unhinged, the way they drop romance out of thin air. Why exactly does she love this dude, and why does he love her? Confidence is one thing, but the main love ...
I don't get how this anime ended up on anyone's favorites list. Is it the animation, art style, or voice actors? Because it definitely can't be the plot—it's nothing special. No climax, just a regular couple with a plain story about a quiet boy and loud girl. Usually, I'm so in love with those kinds of plots but this anime somehow managed to ruin it. I found myself more interested in the side characters' romantic stories, which says a lot. It feels like those who love this anime haven't watched many other romance anime before. It's more slice of life than romance—something you can casually ...
This is a non-necessary review episode. If you have a memory like a sieve and can't remember what's happened previously you MIGHT require it. I have an actual Acquired Brain Injury that means I DO have a memory like a sieve, and I STILL didn't need it.. There's ZERO new content here, which is why it's listed as a separate show, not an included episode.. . I can speculate as to the reason for this, but that's all it is, others have speculated elsewhere as to illness of an actor, competing TV time slot special etc. It doesn't matter in the long run, it FEELS ...
What do you get when an anime studio combines cooking with dungeon crawling? Well, it's like those awful gross-out TV series where people compete to see who can eat the most cockroaches, only the author has standards, so the grub is made more palatable, with the adventure adding an old-school RPG appeal to cash-in on the popularity of fantasy and isekai. There's also a dash of iyashikei: the dungeon's tension dissolves as our characters' mouths begin to water because the place is brimming with delicacies. Everything can be eaten, so we'll of course have to watch our not-so-lovable characters devour everything in sight, like fatmericans ...
Actually, I'm quite lazy to type this, but what can I do, so that you don't regret it later, it's best to read my review.. . Detective themed anime, yes it sounds pretty cool, and you definitely think there will be a character who solves all the problems coolly, dashingly and powerfully.. But you are wrong!. . This anime has two characters who are the complete opposite of the detective, the first is a character named Issiki Totomaru a character who is cheerful and excessive, in Japanese Tsukomi she is very excessive and very annoying.. The second character is named Kamonohashi Ron, A very common character with his legendary hair ...
There really isn't much to say about this anime. Its an ecchi series, so the entire draw is the "plot". Past that, there is no real plot. Something about some dude needing to bang a bunch of chicks to gain magic power to defeat the evil demon king. Pretty basic middle school stuff involving illusions of grandeur and main character syndrome with sex as the magical catalyst. That said, just like many anime protagonists for years now, the male lead is completely and utterly pathetic. So despite needing the power of these girls, he cant really get it because ...
This was kinda boring, and again watching without subtittles didn't help to understand the story. Gotta admit that the animation is probably the most beatiful from the Noburou Oofuji cycle from the ones I curently watched. And that's a bit of the saving grace. The voice actor as from the others films of his work is just one and the same woman. And as previus she didn't get any better, the same voice for every character, no matter age and gender. I really always went into Noburou Oofuji works without any expectations, more with intrest and hoping to enjoy it.
'The Fruit of Evolution' is allegedly an anime television series based off a light novel of the same name, but personally, I take issue with this dubious origin story.. . In 1969, Adam Levine published a notoriously controversial text — one that, without doubt, had a substantial impact on perceptions of religion, morality, media censorship, and even on the very substrata of modern culture. There are many factors attributed to our divergence from faith, but none can as succinctly elucidate this drift as a question I asked myself as a child — and one that many people have pondered upon:. . "Why?". . Why? Why am I being told this? For ...
Surprisingly not an isekai, but it sure looks like one. RPG world system, adventurers, ranks, and other typical things. It tries to be a parody of sorts, but sadly it does not go all the way. After an amusing first episode it devolves in kinda "serious" story which kills the vibe. Instead of being entertained, you are here to suffer through the stupidity and mediocrity of the generic plot and artificial character reactions.. . Boring OP character, with a rather lame excuse for his powers, and an author who tries to come up with some conflict for him with adversaries on the same power level.. . Mediocre story with ...
This is... whack.. . To be honest, the original (1998) isn't good either, but at least it has this vintage cowboy+scifi drip going on despite the poor animation; the characters have charisma and they give off a mature flare that makes even the goofy silly gag plot lines that go on for more than necessary for most of the story to be rather entertaining. It really builds the relationship of the main group of characters well enough for you to be attached to them, and because it paces the story in a light hearted beat, whenever the serious parts come in you really feel these moments ...
Movie production is amazing, but its not enough to grant a passable reception when film also requires a good story + story telling. And yet, this movie exceeds at doing nothing special, even as an adaptation.. . If you want a great fantasy story, look elsewhere. If you want an average story about fantasy, this is the plain film to watch. An 8 score is what this movie can receive as proof that if you take away the nice art, you are left with a boring story.. . There were so many ways of making a fantasy story about small people interesting, but this isn't one of ...
For the sake of completion, I am planning to watch everything in Cutie Honey. Naturally, this included Universe.. . This is time I'm never getting back. First off, visuals. Really mediocre most of the time, some times outright bad. The battles taking place in gravity tunnels (which were never really explained) made them SO boring and ugly to watch as Honey battles a Panther in some blue void. The attacks were so bland and the fight choreography wasn't dynamic or fun to watch at all. There were a handful of cool shots but overall it was just PAINFULLY bleh.. . Characters also didn't help. I'm not expecting ...
FILLER, THE ANIME. . It's not that they put filler in that bothers me, it's that they put in 2 FULL episodes of filler about a secondary character in a 13 episode season of a show that will most likely NEVER get a second season. The isekai genre is already bloated beyond belief, filled with generic and forgettable shows. Just getting a season 2 is nearly impossible for most. They've already wasted so much time this season, constantly padding epsiodes, but doing this is insane. I have zero interest in watching further, and I would not recommend wasting your time on this show when there are so ...
It ended way too early. The manga has 41 chapters, and only 16 of them were adapted. This is unfortunate, because that's the worst part of the story. Every important development, several plot twists and explanations, and most enjoyable things come after that chapter. They never made it into the anime.. . Because the anime only covered this early part, their relationship isn't properly developed, and not even explained. There are still many aspects of the story that aren't presented, which make all the writing seem shallow within the context of the anime. For somebody that hasn't read the manga, this would easily come off as ...
Ive never written a review, but these characters pissed me off to the point where I needed to vent.. The show started off fine. The scientific focus of the first episodes is quite fun and its nicely pased. However, after a couple of episodes, this show becomes unbearable due to these characters. Every single prominent characters is obsessed with the MC. The constant cries of admiration and moments where other characters are in awe of the MC get old after about 12 seconds. There is 0 depth to any of these characters, 0 character development and the story is too stale to make up for ...
Classroom of the Elite II deserves a 2/10 rating because of its mediocre and underwhelming execution. The pacing is slow and sluggish, with no real development or progression of the main story. The characters are all flat and shallow, with no real depth or personality to them. The animation quality is also poor, with simple movements and plain designs that do not create an immersive or engaging experience.. . I wouldn't recommend it to those looking for an engaging and entertaining experience. The story is quite lackluster and bland, with no real development or progression to the main plot. The characters are also quite shallow and boring, ...
“I have no enemies” look how well that philosophy got you. Your village in Iceland is defenseless, for all we know or care your daughter and wife was graped and milled or sold into slavery. Your son was left abandoned and forced into a horrible life.. . Thorfinn literally has a home he can return to. Why does he not leave and go back. Leif is looking for him.. . Instead we get the “redemption arc”. How exactly does playing farming simulator make up for your past sins. It’s selfish to think it even remotely contributes.. . Plowing wheat is not going to make the people you milled ...
July 3, 2021 I made a review for this anime and I gave it a 9. I made that review when I was Junior in high school, not noticing the problems with the anime at that time I thought it was good. Ever since then I've read the manga and realized that it was actually bad.. . Twin Star Exorcists (Sousei no Onmyouji) is an anime that was given the anime original route which didn't work very well. Even before the story becomes anime only, a lot was changed from the manga that makes the story worse. They added a character to the beginning that stays with ...
This is so boring, dont even want to have it running in the background.. . The main dude is funny and at least has normal eyes.. . Here some additional text so i can post this review.. Story ain't unique, maybe has been 20 years ago.. Character development is as flat as their chests. That's actually still generous.. . Now that I think about it, if they made an anime with only the side characters and Okazaki,. it may be more interesting to watch.. ...
meh.. . First, the art style and animation are the main draws of this series. The character designs are well done, regardless of anything else. There are some decent stills and a few semi-worthwhile sequences.. . The Waterfall scene is memorable, the aesthetic there was calming and the framing and motion worked well. Colour use in some of the scenes is very well done.. The fights will interest those looking for action. One can simply skip to these and not miss anything important.. There are several sex scenes, which are illustrated well with the main one highlighting and romanticising the sensuality, but then soontherafter immediately undercut by falling to ...
Not a big fan of the story so far with the MC just being there and we go through how each of the female characters get their hands on him and develop some romantic feelings. The world building around MATO and curses was interesting at first. But, after a few episodes, i do not see much progress in the plot and is more focused on the MC interactions with the other female characters. The antagonists just get squashed like bugs. Gets quite repetitive and is a waste of 8 episodes so far.. . However, lets be honest here, this anime is marketed towards a male audience ...
Regardless of the fact that this is purely bonus content for fans of Baccano!, which is a fine series and franchise, these 3 episodes tend to feel more like a weight pulling it down rather than something to lift it up.. . While this does indeed give us more information about the characters, and maybe ties up a loose plot line or two for the few people that actually cared about them, we still have to ask ourselves why these three episodes exist, who they are for, and what do we do now that we have watched them. As far as I can tell, this was ...
Cursed By Light is trash. Having been written by Nabaka Suzuki, the author of the manga, it is confirmed to be canon content that happens somewhere in the middle of the last episode of Dragon's Judgement, but you can safely watch it after the show.. . To be completely honest, you might as well skip it. In terms of its production quality, it looks absolutely no better than the TV show. Oh, how I miss the time when theatrical productions looked dramatically better than their TV series counterparts. Sometime in the 2010s, anime movies lowered the bar for themselves into the absolute ground. Compare the difference between ...
I watch Ghost Talker's Daydream knowing nothing about it and was still somehow disappointed by it. . The story was boring and badly written. Ghost Talker's tries to handle serious topics but always falls flat. The writers aren’t trying to say anything by putting in scenes like the flashbacks, SA, and all the “dominatrix” scenes. There was no discussion to be had. The story just feels edgy for the sake of being edgy.. (story: 4). . Somehow the story was not the worst part for me, it was the characters. Characters like Mitsuru and Detective Anzai served no importance to the plot, and if they were removed very little would ...
This show is the epitome of, using a trait to define an entire series around that single trait.. In this case, is the female MC and her frail and weak nature.. At first, it's all smooth sailing with the show describing her events and her rough start in life.. But then, as the show progresses.. You realize, hold on a moment.. IS that it?. . That single trait and the show absolutely exaggerating it is the overall theme of the show.. Frankly as the show comes to an end.. . ...
I hate Tanaka, srly so stupid kid omg. The story is so slow, i dont like that girl reaction and another characters. Believe i dont recommemded this crap, i can't watch another episode more.. . Planetes has a good idea but some characters destroy this interesting idea is so sad, but Tanaka is the bigger problema in this anime, dont watch this trash.. . Seriously, the personalities of some characters leave a lot to be desired, especially that of the protagonist and even worse the rookie Tanaka, who does whatever she wants and wants everyone to think like her by shouting, she is a horrible character
Entering "A Sign of Affection," I had some big hopes. Being a fan of "A Silent Voice," I was ready for a heartfelt romance centered around overcoming challenges and two people connecting on a deeper level.. . But instead of diving into a rich, deep story, it felt more like skimming the surface of a shallow puddle. The characters lacked depth and just didn't grab my interest. The connection between Yuki and Itsuomi felt forced and artificial, like they were going through the motions without any real emotion behind it. It's like walking in a circle but insisting you're moving straight ahead - it just doesn't add ...
I won't go on too long because this anime doesn't have much to go on about.... . We can start by talking about how the romantic comedy was ridiculed in this anime, it doesn't hold a candle to my rent-a-Girlfriend. Exaggerated jokes, frank romance, nonsense story... I heard that you should watch this show without taking it seriously?? I don't believe in that. Girlfriends who appear out of nowhere, he appears on the street puff, another one appeared, that doesn't make sense to me, it's the same thing every episode, characters whose only personality is to love the protagonist.... . I expected something fun from this show ...
The story did have some potential considering the manwha already has a built in fanbase. However, the studio did it so half-heartedly that a story that deserves 7 or 8 out of 10 becomes a 2 really and averages out at 4 or 5. The characters feel forced, the MC's determination feels half-assed, but the biggest drawback is the animation. It's not that it's the worst, it's just weirdly slow and clunky, like worse than mid 2000s video game, same with dialogue- it felt like something written and acted by AI. It walks such a weird line of rushed or skipped plot but super slow ...
I haven't seen a worse anime movie so far, I don't mean that in a bad way, but the way it's done I mean the narration that there's an old guy animated telling someone else's story I really don't like that, I really like anime where there's a samurai story etc but with this one I turned it off after about 30 min or I would have fallen asleep, I would prefer if it was in the style of the character who lives it to tell the story, if we understand each other, and not that someone else tells it:(. . nothing for me unfortunately
Have you ever came across cheap Spanish telenovels? Yeah, this is basically Japanese animated version of one of those.. . Never in my years of watching anime I had such a problem to finish any show, not even shows which I rated lower then this creation. What Rumbling Hearts does very well is exaggerating situations in order to make fake drama. This fake drama should evoke emotions in audience at any cost only to be dealt in most stupidest way to make you even more angry, sad or anything. As a result, it establishes totally unrealistic wannabe flawless interactions and is losing it’s credibility. Narrative of show ...
Isekai with too much talking about nothing interesting, or more like infodumping in boring dialogs form.. . It starts decently, but the more the story develops, the more the plot moves forward with little to no connection to the protagonist. He makes no decisions, he takes no active role. It is possible to make a great story this way, but it is not the case here. There is no conflict shown anywhere, just some looming outside danger of demon lord invasion for the sake of invasion into kingdom where MC was summoned and live.. . Even throwing at him some kind of oracle to foretold his future in ...
Despite its attractive appearance, this anime doesn't offer anything particularly new within its genre. Characters are reduced to just a few defining traits. The main character, Miyo, fits the mold of a typical romance heroine: soft-spoken, morally upright, and solely focused on being with the male lead.. . The first half of the show was decent; I appreciated how it portrayed childhood trauma and its effects on Miyo. Her character and appearance gradually changed with shifts in the environment, which I found interesting. However, the romance felt rushed and lacked a solid foundation. The main characters hardly communicated, making the show feel empty.. . There were also issues with ...
This is an anime that easily could've been a 7/10, but due to it's horribly made antagonists and abysmal pacing, it makes this an obvious 5.5/10 due to it being so immensely bland that it isn't worth your time.. . Then you may say "why did you mark this as a not recommended, instead of a mixed feelings?", this is simple to answer.. The answer is, it's bland and is cookie cutter levels of basic, with no real personality, but doesn't do anything inherently bad or good enough to be positive. As such, it just ends up to be immensely frustrating for how much potential it has ...
Overall opinion:. . When I first started watching this show my expectations were pretty high, because of the score and the name of the anime. “Classroom of Elite” elite my ass. This “smart” and “intelligent” young people that Japanese government spends taxpayers money on definitely will be better off burning the money, because these students are smooth brainers. In this supposedly intelligent school we have students that can barely put 1 to 1 together in their daily activities. The pacing is very slow, and there is no action in any shape or form. You are not even introduced to clever mind games for over 5 episodes, which ...
After seeing so much hype and praise for this series as a classic of the romantic comedy genre I am still left flabbergasted as to how this consensus came about. Is it from the lens of nostalgia? Is the original light novel significantly better? I don't see that in any of the other reviews so I am genuinely confused. This anime certainly wants people to believe it is a deep and serious show... except once you look beyond the surface level you will find a crumbling foundation built upon boring, unrealistic story arcs, with emotionally crippled characters that would of been better off going to ...
Felt like they used AI to create the most predictable story any anime could have. This show is what I assume non-anime watchers think all anime is like, so they just avoid it. Nothing really unique or special about the show, but the art style is nice. I like the look of the characters but they were all stereotypes I've seen too much. They react in the exact way you could expect and aren't very unique in personality. I think young people might like this show, but for something with sustenance, look somewhere else. The show isn't bad, but it's not good.
What an incel fantasy... a pure maiden wife of some depressed man to save him.... . First of all, I cant stand the "a girl too pure for this world" troupe, which is what the FL of this anime is. However, the story concept sounded very similar to my favorite webtoon (yes talking about Happily Ever Afterwards), which also had this troupe. So with that in mind, I decided to give this anime a chance. However Taisho Otome was not an exception like I had hoped.. . First of all, the main couple has no chemistry - for good reason. They are two strangers thrown together through arranged marriage. ...
This story had a lot of potential for a nice vampire story. Unfortunately, this weird Chinese imitation of Japanese anime is a huge disappointment. It's silly dialogue, silly main characters, just violence and harassment. I wouldn't recommend anyone to watch this. I like mystery, fantasy and romance themes in anime, but this had neither. Choppy and unfinished stories, all flowery and artificial. Nothing makes sense, nothing is explained. The two main characters are unsympathetic and don't have a single redeeming feature.. It was the first time I've seen such an incredibly spastic TV series in a very long time.. Good thing it didn't have a sequel. ...
This show is written by 16 year olds for 13 year olds. All the characters have the depth of a puddle.. . A young naive deaf girl meets a 6'2" guy who is bold and makes moves that would be considered harassment if he wasn't a hot 6'2" guy. The girls mental age is that of a 6 year old. Her dialogue is best summed up by,"Is the world really big?" The only things that come out her mouth are that of a naive and ignorant child, not that of a university student who has completed basic grade school. The setting is in a university and the ...
Now, this anime was just bad. I have no other description for it. It sucked.. . All the female characters were not only overwhelmingly moe (like OVERWHELMINGLY moe. I like moe. This was horrible.), especially the female protagonist who just is flat out an annoyance, as well as her friends who are just people who I'd punch for half the things that they say. I don't understand why you'd like it. I ended up watching it for the sake of laughing at how horrific the writing is.. . The ending sucked. A romance genre, with no romantic ending. Everything was up to interpretation. No hints, no nothing, no clarification.. . This ...
An uninteresting, yet also actively frustrating viewing experience that steals everything it can from Saiki K and everything else from Naruto and DBZ. A tiny minority of its characters occasionally manage to be likeable and some of the action in the last few episodes managed to invest me enough to make me wonder at least a little how it was going to play out; that's all of the nice things I have to say about this unoriginal, lazy, hackish mess.. . In short, there were a couple moments that were enjoyable, but if I wanted to watch something painfully mediocre, I'd find something better than this.
“Hunt down…Eliminate… Black Lotus”. . This show, like any piece of media, can technically be judged on its own. However, when one makes an entry into a series/franchise, it would be illogical to not consider that entry in relation to its series/franchise; otherwise, why not make it an original work? By this line of thought, I will primarily be reviewing Blade Runner: Black Lotus as a Blade Runner work; only light mentions will be made as to how this show stands on its own as independent media (There will be a dedicated subheading for this section, so you can skip to that if that’s all you want). ...
I wanted this show to be good, i really did, but it was just so bad. Firstly, the MC is an adult turn child, but acts like a little kid. She doesn't even realize being abused is bad despite being from another world more a humanly advanced. She is liked by animals, but doesn't really make any real connections to them. Its just, O your fluffy, so cute.... Skip 20 slides, where MC does something really stupid and is rewarded for it. Kid playing light hero, that is incapable of playing any hero. Since the animals aren't really side characters just scenery, this mean u ...
I think this is my new benchmark for average. It's not awful, but an average anime isn't really worth your time. The animation is cheap. Lot's of cg, none of which looks particularly good. The none cg action scenes are fine, but pretty average. The detail is pretty average overall, but occasionally the character detail is pretty decent. The story has a good premise, and fair world building, but the overall execution leave something to be desired. Pacing is fairly good most of the time, a couple of episodes drag, but overall it's fine. Voice acting is average town, slightly grating, not a ton of ...
Kabaneri of the Iron fortress was made by the same studio and the music was composed by the same person who did Attack on Titan. But not only that: the premise, the setting, characters' motivations, themes - all of these were undoubtedly inspired by Attack on Titan, so it was universally proclaimed as an AoT clone. The anime was fairly popular at the time but the more seasons of its grandfather have come out the less people have kept talking about or even remember Kabaneri. But how ironic it would be if Kabaneri is far and away better in every aspect then Attack on Titan. ...
I've never given a series a review before, but for this, I feel like I have to.. . The first season of Love Chuunibyou was, to me, a brilliant show, it had a defined and playful sense of humour (even if it wasn't for everyone), an overwhelming sense of atmosphere granted by KyoAni's incredible animation and a loveable cast of characters; but above that, all of this was in service to a deeply touching message about growing up, facing trauma and and embracing your childish side. we got to watch our favourite characters get challenged in a meaningful way, forced to evolve and mature as people. I ...
How to kill most interest in your otherwise promising series in 7 easy steps:. - Decide to portray no more than around 14 manga chapters' worth of material in a single anime season. - Start strong, spend the first few episodes on meaningful plot and character development. - Realize that you have next to nothing left to show and you're not even at halfway point in the cour. - Start padding out episodes, draw out scenes as much as you can, make the characters retread the same topic over and over again, try to delay the actual confrontation with the antagonists as much as possible. - Realize that you simply ...
How to make a pretentious anime:. - Introduce a protagonist devoid of personality, rendered as a blank slate with minimal backstory, hollow existence and no purpose in life. Subject them to betrayal, physical mutilation, and an endless barrage of suffering. Make him emotionally numb and only humanize him when he's fueled by rage and desire for vengeance.. - Insert an outsider character whose actions instigate a catastrophic, bloody conflict between the city's three rival gang factions, but leave his motivations intentionally and frustratingly vague and unexplained to add an air of contrived mystery to their character.. - Never fully explain the story to the audience to create a ...
TL;DR: John Wick the anime with ninjas.. . The first episode was somewhat promising, but after that it became clear, that this is a low effort hack-and-slash anime, whit a massive budget spent on animation quality.. . It's the similar type of rubish, what we can see in Demon Slayer, but at least in this one, the story is trying to remain true to it's genre.. . If you're the type of person, who can be decieved with smokes and mirrors, than this anime will most likely entertain you for 3-4 hours. But after that, you will not even remember watching it, because it's just that generic.
so how can I say, hmm what is this shit???. a rating fraud knowing that masterpieces like nagatoro san or rascal no bunny girl exist.. A gigantic fraud that it is so well noted when the beginning is a force and absolutely nothing happens in the entire anime. I'm not even talking about the ending which is the worst romance ending ever. I would have put + if the average was not so high but 7.4 open your eyes and note it at its true value, that is to say zero out of 10, 5 at most.. . The synopsis seemed interesting but the AD, the dynamism, the atmosphere ...
Redo of Healer… ‘sigh’ I have to talk about this, do I? You know, there are quite a lot of anime that fail to capture what writing means. Those titles are very lacking, and thus, be forgotten once they are finished. But do you want to know what most of them succeed at? Despite their bad writing, they at least manage to be mindlessly entertaining. While they offer next to no value, they at least hold your attention by being fun to watch for a magical reason. Some of them might even be guilty pleasure material. However, there are some bad shows that don’t even ...
The part 2 is just the worst thing. S1 was way better. The story telling is just messed up. it feels like all over the place. Youy should just read the manga. There should have been no sequel if we were going to get this one. The whole season you will be wondering wth happened. This is the 2nd worst sequel ever following the promised neverland s2. Idk why people have rated this higher than part 1. There is no character development and characters are popping out of no where. You will not like this. i should have dropped it but i wanted to see ...
"Puella Magi Madoka Magica," a series that debuted in 2011, has been a subject of much discussion within the anime community. While it has garnered a significant fanbase for its dark take on the magical girl genre, it is not without its critics. In a critical analysis, it's essential to unpack the elements that might not resonate with all audiences.. . Firstly, the series takes a grim and often disturbing turn from the traditional magical girl narrative, which can be jarring for viewers expecting a lighter, more uplifting storyline. The psychological and existential themes explored in "Madoka Magica" delve into despair, suffering, and the cost of wishes—a ...
Lain is a prime example of a show that tries too hard to be avant-garde and artistically profound, but ends up feeling nonsensical, emotionally manipulative and disturbing to watch with its use of vivid imagery and weird sounds. It strives to be "le different" from mainstream anime, but in doing so, it becomes a frustratingly disjointed and nonsensical mess that's incoherent at times and not enjoyable to watch.. . The plot is told in a confusing manner, lacking sufficient explanation. Instead of offering clear storytelling, the anime tries to tell a story by relying on intense, dramatic or artistic scenes that are deliberately vague and open to ...
This is the anime with the most ridiculous plot I have ever watched.. For the initial introduction, I quite liked it, when a man with invincible strength managed to save a girl from a dangerous threat, but unfortunately that's all.. . This anime is filled with stupid things, namely teaching how the princess does fun things, No! More like bad things!. Where these bad things will be taught by male wizards to the princess, I feel this is not too much of a problem because it is in accordance with the title, but the delivery of the story that I find very annoying!. . Another thing that I find disappointing ...
Just another pretentious and nonsensical detective show that has nothing good going for it.. Positives:. - The MC is a cute femboy trap with a nice ass, and his classmate is "secretly" in love with him.. - There was one (only one) scene that had an emotional impact and made me feel sympathetic for the killer.. . Negatives:. - The stories are too simplistic, devoid of mystery, they lack the necessary depth and impact, and aren't explored sufficiently. The final story is the worst offender here, as it fails to achieve a satisfying closure to the overarching plot.. - The MC might be a cute boy, but he doesn't feel like a ...
Manga was 10/10 giving everything it can with just reading but in anime is just BULLSHIT, in manga stories first part was about just Jin woo but in anime its just let's show her, him and them we need to understand Jin woo first not the side characters like are you even mentally ok while doing this anime?. . Eps watched 7,5/12 (why would you even make a ep for the story while we wait the new ep). . I would gives this 0 if i would bcs this is just bad im getting hyped for the fight but look at it we see some other dialogue TYSM!!. in my ...
I am re-writing this review to appease the draconian sensibilities of the MAL review moderation team. (I'm kidding, the original review could definitely be fleshed out a bit). . An introduction:. Be a child circa the mid 2000's, in North America. Your favorite toy commercial *ahem* cartoon about a children's card game, has been running strong for several years, and suddenly is supplanted by a vicious pretender to its throne. A spin off, a filthy and vile thing, warping the majesty of the authors artistic integrity........ that's a little dramatic, it is just a commercial for konami's card game after all.. Most of my general dislike of this ...
At first I thought it would be interesting as people relevant crossed path once again. However, unlike season 1 the plotting are terrible. Ending are too rushed, incomplete and too convenient. There were no surprise element nor anything relevant to that make sense with what the role were intended to be. It's just like they just appear there out of nowhere, ohh its the ending, oh he/she is just.... that's all to it. Honestly, I don't understand what the directors are trying to convey or pull off here. It's nothing spectacular, as if they just make this short movie just because they got paid ...
And thus Tomoki Kyoda bitter quest to destroy everything that made Eureka Seven great has finally come to an end,the first minutes of the first movie is the only good thing about these "movies" the rest is just a bastardization of everything that made Eureka Seven special and unique.. . Eureka Seven original series was a show about love,coexistence with nature,family and forgiveness,this three movies instead feel like a cheap attempt to turn E7 into an Eva/Gundam/Ghost in the Shell knockoff and succeding at none of it,the only two good things about them were the big explosions and the first 10mins of the first movie where they ...
Recap episodes are a dime a dozen and there's not too much to say about them as a whole. That being said, it's not like these cannot be done well. There are shows that use their recaps to provide unique insights from the perspectives of different characters, some of which can benefit the show as a whole or at least make the experience of watching through those scenes again take on a slightly different meaning. Some recaps just insert small skits in between the scenes, and that is at least one way for the team to have a little fun and for audiences to enjoy ...
Not worth watching if you've been watching the anime so far.. . The story did not need a recap after 7 episodes, and does not add anything new to the story at all, not even a slight teaser at the end of what is coming up. It does not add anything new to the characters either as it is purely a recap. All the clips used in this episode are purely from the previous episodes and have been stitched together to condense what has happened in the previous 7 episodes into 24 minutes.. . I do not believe anyone who is watching the anime that is currently ongoing will ...
If you're in the "third season" you know what this series is, how the production is, and how it works. You probably also liked the first two parts (as did I, they're a joy to watch). So, here what I'm gonna do is go over the things particular to this part, and sometimes draw comparisons to the standard the series has set up for itself.. The main thing about Ragnarok is the characters. Since the animation is not particularly eye candy, the battles can be engaging but you usually are still invested in what happens because you like/dislike the characters, and that is what made me ...
I think this is just the typical case of an unnecessary special/OVA.. . The episode focuses on Sato's past, and there is nothing that you either already don't know or you can't already imagine from the main show. And Sato already has a problem of being a one note character, which this OVA furthers even more. It just feels reductive and repetitive.. . Overall the technical quality is the same as the main series, and if you super love Ajin you can give it a shot. It's only 1 normal episode lenght, so it won't take too much of your time. But overall I think it was ...
As someone who watches and enjoys silly but fun action and fantasy, I hoped this would at least be that. However, this show committed 2 sins that I cannot tolerate: (1) It Bored The Hell out of me and (2) It confused me to no end. While usually I might write a review detailing the traditional aspects of a show and their qualities, everything in general was so mediocre that I didn't want to explain why everything was at best a 5/10. Instead, I will cover two things in this review, how it committed the aforementioned 2 sins.. . (1) Boredom - No Stakes, Bad Action, No ...
This should have “Slice of Life” written on the genres, or create a new genre for this one because this would show would be like a documentary.. I would say this anime is more like a documentary for people who want to become related to anime production.. I am pretty sure the budget for this anime was big because they had too many things going on and doesn’t look like a cheap production at all.. I can feel the effort put in this so i give a high score because of that.. . There is not even a backstory for any character. How would you connect/resonate with any character? Literal ...
I keep reading conflicting information as to why there's a recap episode halfway through this series, from production delays, to Voice Actor Taito Ban testing positive to Corona Virus, to the World Table Tennis Championships taking it's time slot. It could be one of these, it could multiple reasons, whatever it is, recap episodes on currently airing anime are almost always garbage and unnecessary to watch. This time is no different either. It's not quite Promised Neverland S2 levels of pathetic (after only 5 episodes), but it's close.. . The episode skims over seven episodes worth of content that's already fresh in the memory of everyone ...
The Keijo!!!!!!!! specials capture the energy and humor of the original anime, providing fans with brief episodes lasting around three minutes each. While they offer a dose of entertainment, their brevity limits opportunities for narrative depth or character development beyond a joke or two. Existing fans may enjoy these specials for their familiar humor, but those seeking deeper lore or substantial character interactions may find them lacking. They essentially offer more of the same absurdity without significant contribution to the overall narrative. For dedicated fans, they can be a fun addition to the Keijo!!!!!!!! universe, but are not essential viewing for everyone
I really have no idea how this anime got such a high rating and is now considered a masterpiece, unique, legendary, etc. The only legendary and unique thing about this series is that it's so overrated, topping the list as the best anime of all time. The anime itself isn't bad, and the art is actually pretty good, but it's definitely not a masterpiece:. . - There are so many repeated themes in the story with lots of elements that other fantasy anime handled better.. - The anime lacks originality and doesn't really bring anything fresh to the table.. - The plot feels a bit empty and relies too ...
This anime is tolerable if you turn your brain off. It has a severe misunderstanding of what the medical world is like, and paints an overly simplistic view.. . Our MC can do every type of general and specialized surgery. She also goes around telling people she will save them with absolute certainty, never mind the risks of surgical procedures (or the nuances of treatment outcomes not being effective). All of her surgeries are 100% effective, and we are even told at various points in the first episode that all of her surgeries are successful and cure the patient.. . Elise is driven, optimistic, and hard-working so ...
Please note for this review that I began the series under the assumption that this was technically a magical girl series.. . With the above information, I would like to point out that this will not factor into the show's review; I will be judging it primarily as a romance story. To start with, the premise is extremely interesting; inanimate objects, particularly consumable ones, coming to life is a novel concept, although in my opinion the series fails to utilize this properly, as either a comedy or a drama. It tends to cycle back and forth between taking its story seriously and playing it for laughs, which ...
Embarrassingly bad, in every aspect of writing, animating, voicing, and directing. Uninspired characters, shallow dialogue, and a cheap-looking style come together to make something that would look more in-place on youtube as a fan-project that was anticipated for 6 years before flunking into oblivion upon release. An attempt is made to give a unique theme to the setting and cast like exist in prior series, but questionable worldbuilding (e.g. a new, 100% unexplained obviously-alien race is just randomly present, and have the most boring name imaginable: "Rockians") and a bad fascination with trying to tell 3 un-flushed-out stories at the same time leaves you with ...
Tokyo Revengers: Seiya Kessen-hen. . Despite a solid concept, the first season was already a tragedy, so I'm not surprised that the second season continues at a qualitatively mediocre level. The only exception is that I find this season more likable. It became more of a generic shounen, but at least it had some sort of goal, no matter how stupid it was.. . The highlight of this season was the protagonist because he really started to develop and not just talk about it all the time. That didn't make this season any better, but at least it made it a bit more bearable. The rest of the characters ...
A gamer shut-in Kazuma dies in the lamest way possible. He is given the opportunity to be reincarnated in a fantasy world. However his journey turns out to be less of a fantasy and more like tedious life except with monsters.. . Its one of those isekai where the setup doesnt add much to the anime. The fact that he's from another world re-incarnated into this world adds nothing to the plot. He may aswell have just been from this world to begin with. The isekai subplot is just a pointless layer.. . He ends up creating a party of adventurers. But its just a harem of misfits.. A ...
Miyazaki came out of retirement for one last hoorah.. . However he was in said retirement for 10 years, also it's Miyazaki so who's going to tell him "no" to anything?. . I went into the Boy and the Heron blind not knowing a thing about it beyond the poster... two hours later I still know nothing about it and I'm rather sleepy.. . I can see the general outline. A boy dealing with the grief of losing his mother and the growing pains of integrating into a new family. The way it's presented however is nonsensical. More like other characters and actions from other ghibli productions were just ...
Fans should seriously stop coping so hard and hyping this garbage. I rarely write a review in MAL but since I see another garbage show getting a high rating of 8.4, I am willing to waste my time.. . Solo Leveling is the embodiment of cringe. A cheap, pretentious show that merely took the good elements of its popular main stream predecessors in the isekai, fantasy and video game genre.. . 1) Game HUD (Interface) - We already saw this in SAO, Log Horizon and many others. The only difference is that Solo Leveling made it worse by applying it in a world that is not even a game. ...
As others already mentioned, this was extremely boring and uninspiring. They bait you with some fanservice in the first 1-2 episodes but show nothing of that anymore later on, so even the last bit of engagement it could've generated was just dropped, and to focus on what, you might ask? Cute stuff. Just fluff and giggles. That's about it. No relevant events happen, and there's no development in the main romance (or any other, for that matter), so it ends up being a criminally boring SOL with cute art and a dense FMC.. Watching it to the end was physically painful. It's not fun, it's ...
Imagine playing a cutting-edge, realistic VRMMO filled with amazing combat/life skills, and being extremely good at it! You're top-tier both at fighting and in crafting. So good, in fact, that you have the hot Queen of the NPCs with human-like intelligence (basically super-advanced AIs) falling in love with you, 3-4 parties to switch through and complete dungeons and events, and are frequently awarded a bunch of new objects and skills just for existing.. . But you want NONE of that. Nope. You're playing a game, but you "don't want to stand out" (nerd face), so you basically spend your time crafting ugly-looking weapons to test out while ...
A boring seasonal isekai with a dumb twist. The animation is pretty standard and uninspired. Characters have no depth and are regularly annoying. The story is pretty much of the exact same quality. Voice acting is slightly grating at times, the casting is fine, and there are no stand out performances... so average for a dub. The soundtrack is alright, but not memorable. The op is good but doesn't fit the anime, the ed fits and is decent, but not mind blowing. Overall, not really worth going that into detail about. It's not terrible, but there isn't any reason to watch it. It's literally just ...
annoying dumbass mc. I was rooting for the bad guys all this time. I was hoping the mc would die which obviously was never gonna happen.. . alright with that out of the way. . I think the story was very mediocre. I mean I haven't played the game and don't think I ever will. So maybe I missed certain elements I was supposed to make connections with from the story to the game but I don't think thats the case. So basically to generalize, the story is as follows 7 masters have their own servants and fight to win the holy grail war and be granted a wish. I think ...
I'm gonna start off by saying that not everything about this anime is bad. What ruined Good Night World for me is the protagonist, he's decent for the most part but him repeating "shit" over and over again ruined the anime for me ngl. He really needs to shut up. I gave this a 2 because it's only a bit better than a 1 but when I think of bad anime I think of this first. Everything else is decent and I have no problems with the art or pacing. This would have been a 6 without all that irritating "Shit" stuff. My advice is ...
This is easily the worst anime I have ever seen. Holy fucking shit, this is so fucking bad.. . I am stunned. I cannot believe this show exists. I cannot understand how studio Gonzo released this. I feel genuinely thunderstruck right now. The night after watching this, I literally had a dream in which I was retarded. That has never happened before, nor since. Bleach, I need bleach. Someone fucking stab my fucking eyes out. Who the fuck thought releasing this was a good idea? I mean, what the fuck is going on? Am I in the Twilight Zone?. . Studio Gonzo isn’t a studio whose work you would ...
The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya is an anime about an unaware reality warper named Haruhi Suzumiya getting into wacky hijinks with her friends because they have to make sure she doesn't get bored and tear the fabric of reality itself.. . No, that's not right. Let me try again. . The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya is a 2006 anime adapted from a 2003 light novel series written by Nagaru Tanigawa.. . No, that's not it either.. . The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya is one of the most popular anime of all time and a sheer cultural sensation from the mid-to-late 2000s.. . ...
Let's begin. I discovered a narrative firmly rooted in the traditional shonen formula, catering to a younger audience that finds appeal in shows like "Sword Art Online" (SAO). If you're around 14 and have a knack for the adrenaline-fueled adventures of SAO, there's a strong likelihood that you'll enjoy this series. For me, however, it needs to deliver something noteworthy or innovative.. . The predictability of the storyline is its most glaring flaw. As the series progresses, it becomes increasingly evident that the main character (MC) is on a linear path toward becoming an invincible force, with each subsequent battle escalating in absurdity and scale. While a ...
"Bastard!". . Is this show a "Bastard!" ?. . Could it be written/directed by a "Bastard!"?. . Yes and mabye.. . Well i've watched about 2 episodes of this and, I can't take it anymore it's just awful. What a waste of time.. . ...
I love trashy shit. The dumber and edgier something is, it's likely that I'll have even more fun with it.. . Unfortunately Akame Ga Kill commits the greatest sin of dumb edgy shit, it's just kind of boring.. . I was promised a violent, dark shounen that would not not be able to handle the themes that the creators wanted to cover, and I just got the latter.. . Plot: Evil empire, plucky rebels, struggle for the future of the common man..... look it's an incredibly common plot, it's basically written on autopilot.. . Worldbuilding: the imperial arms are incredibly anachronistic. They were made 1000 years ago, why hasn't technology progessed?. Why don't ...
The story had a lot of potential. They could have shown more of the kid MC, making us feel attached before doing what they did in episode 1. Until episode 3, it was good, but after that, it's just the same thing over and over. Plus, you have a super powerful MC in the first episodes, then he seems much weaker in the last episodes.. . Another thing is the MC was in prison for 10 years in a coffin, and he knows all about the world? Like, what the heck? How? He knows all this magic, and we also don't know how he learned that.. . In conclusion, ...
This was horrible, and I hated every minute of it. Gritty, crude, edgy, repulsive in some parts, dramatic, pointless, and dark.. The few combat scenes are clumsy and make no sense (but I blame that on the low production value), and there are lots of plot holes (like that about the black ristas and their use conditions... you'll see what I mean.) Did I already mention it was dark? Way darker than what you'd expect from an isekai with the MC reincarnating as a pig.. I'll quickly recap the premise: a society with a class of all-female slaves with no human rights whatsoever, and whose bones ...
It's an anime with a good source material.. Now for the bad parts: Ray is turned into an annoying retard, and the 20 years behind the times art style of "Tehe-pero~~" makes her even more infuriating. All male cast look like sloppiest otome game parodies.. Source material goes slightly into politics, and while nothing truly in-depth is touched upon there, it is way beyond what 12 episode anime can convey. So they just cut it down into "greedy church is inciting commoners" and "foreign nation bad". And since all but Claire of the story characters stand at the center of the political upheaval, this bid for screentime ...
This anime is what we call "Peak-Mid". Its story is mid, characters are mid, animation is mid, direction is mid, artstyle is mid, voicing is mid, music is mid.. . The anime seemed less into Sports Action but more into Sports Drama/ SoL. However, the issue with this is that the viewers aren't here to see tons of characters just talking to each other for 90% of the episodes 90% of the time UNLESS you got an incredible story/ character writing which ofcourse was not there and ended up being MID. The characters kept on talking and talking and talking and trying to make viewers understand their ...
Its another anime about some crazy she-witch Taiga Aisaka (aka Palmtop Tiger), who torments an innocent guy Ryuuji Takasu who's just minding his business.. . Its not a boy-likes-girl, girl-likes-boy story.. Instead its boy likes girl's friend, girl likes guy's friend.. (however you know the 2 main characters are gonna fall in love with each other). . Ryuuji is a nice guy with menacing eyes he inherited from his gangster father ✞.. He's good at cooking and cleaning.. Taiga is a miniature witch who's mean and ungrateful to Ryuuji despite how much he tries to help her.. . A constant mistake these types of girl-bullies-guy anime make is that they dont give the ...
I began this anime with high hopes, that a world without rain would have a lot of issues that could create interesting challenges for the MC. But as soon as enter the world, it's established that there are no issues with getting fresh water or anything. The main character is only there for the King's entertainment. Okay, that might not be my favorite writing choice but I don't know where it will lead. Then we meet the king. HE'S 12. SHE IS 17. wtf dude. This is some pedo sh*t. I held onto a hope that maybe they have no romantic interactions until they're both ...
Maybe my rating is a little strong, but only because this show is pure power fantasy without any good characters or story thus far. The pacing moves at breakneck speed, with the protagonist going from the proclaimed "weakest hunter in humanity" to being obviously being on pace to beat every hunter by... episode 3. Jinwoo has the personality of a 2x4, since he had 1 episode of being the weakest into immediately becoming "the coolest and strongest". There's really not much of any other characters yet 7 episodes in. There's just nothing earned at all. I feel like I'm playing pretend with a kid where ...
Well... How should i start. The anime addaptation was horrible! Watching this at first glance without knowing is a visual novel is an torture.. As further you go watching, the quality animation is getting worst, the last 3 OVA's are like, the final routes of the visual novel, but don't explain nothing, is just a hundred of informations mixed (with more things that didn't show in anime that ARE important to the plot, but just ignored because, let's be honest, they're here because of the sexual themes.) basically the only thing in that addaptation are the characters desings, that are not even original from the show!. . After ...
This move has a lot of unique and thoughtful ideas, but overall the execution was poor and jumbled. I think it really is just a mouthful of sugar.. . The singing is good, but very overplayed and mistimed.. . Most of the characters read more as background actors or poorly written stereotypes.. . Alot of improbable nonsense that takes you out of the story and leaves you unsatisfied.. . I'd say the best part is the two lead human characters and The art, it's animated beautifully, shoutout to J.C. Staff.. . ...
I was only paying attention for about 1/3 of this show and I still don't think I missed anything.. Weak main story line, just about followed enough to be relevant to whatever fuckery the characters were up to.. Absolutely no originality in any of the characters, a few of them might not have been there at all and it wouldn't have made any difference to anything of note that happened.. I would only recommend watching this if you want to cringe or want background noise while doing something else.. I did enjoy its happy vibes and easy nature, but at no point did I not know what was going ...
I really wanted to like Bucchigiri but I can't. After the third episode Ireally watched just because the animation was good and hoped it would become better but nope. The good thing about this anime is production quality. Sounds animations drawing colors made really well which is a shame because they are wasted on this awful show. Let's talk about the bad thing. Its the characters and the story telling.. . First of all MC is one of the most braindead characters I've ever saw. Whole show is he simping on a girl and it is obvious that the moment some other girl show interest he would ...
I've watched plenty of bad anime. I'll gladly watch stuff like Chargeman Ken, Crystal Triangle, and Twinkle Nora Rock Me precisely because they're so bad they're fascinating. I've sat through some of the vilest anime ever made like Shoujo Tsubaki or Datenshi-tachi no Kyouen and came away feeling less exhausted than after watching Dark Myth. This is because Dark Myth is the worst thing an anime can possibly be - painfully, mind-numbingly boring. The runtime is heavily, heavily padded with road trips and some of the longest, driest exposition I've ever seen.. . The main problem with Dark Myth is the same problem I have with much ...
The only 2 good things this show has is comedy and power concepts. The comedy isn't top notch per say, it is decent enough to get some guaranteed laughs though. The power system is a great idea; it wasn't used to it's maximum potential, more ways to use powers than just kissing for example or a longer story could have presented a variety of situations where the powers were more than just a plot device.. . The story beats pass by way too quickly; this in turn compromises the mystery aspects and makes everything solvable before the show presents it's ta-dah moments. I think ...
Well, it wasn't easy but I got through all 52 episodes of SD Gundam Force. At least since the show was so bad and the plot was simple, I could just turn off my brain and watch it on the side while multi-tasking something else simultaneously.. . The story revolves around a kid named Shute and his adventures with the heroes of the Gundam Force. They go around saving various different worlds and meeting all kinds of different people, albeit mostly Mechas. It's as barebones and bland of a happy kids adventure plot as you might imagine it to be. I can't see anyone older than 12 ...
TLDR; The story is fine, but the quality is really... really bad. . While Hataraku Maou-sama is essentially a comedy anime, SS1 has real-good quality and solid fighting animation sequences. The show has a good balance of comedy and action blend, which is why people love it so much. After almost 10 years, it returned... just to disappoint everyone.. . To be fair, I don't mind the new artistic style and understand the studio change. The new art has its charm also, if they do it right, some scenes are pretty good. However, oh boi, they ruined the anime. The overall art is sloppy and lacks detail, I can ...
The label "Isekai" has become synonymous with " it gets me an anime deal" in Japan or something; because without it, this series would have not gotten one.. . This series was so bad that the TV network had to lie about the delays to protect the studio.. . . Reflecting on the title, if you change the title to: "I Found Out My Uncle is a Wizard," absolutely nothing changes. The adventures in the "other world" could easily be substituted with mundane occurrences from the uncle's life as a young wizard, and the impact would remain unchanged.. . It's a missed opportunity for meaningful storytelling and a disappointing execution ...
2.7 | Something totally depraved, with no real artistic value behind this atrocity. Yes, this anime just reinforces this argument that I hear people say every day "anime is in decline or anime is already dead" — this is an audiovisual atrocity. But, in any case, I didn't expect anything great to come from this work, and in the end, I found nothing but disgust and the urge to vomit with each episode of this tactile medium.. . Kuzu no Honkai, what a colossal disaster that I unfortunately was able to witness with my own eyes! A work that dares to call itself a "novel" when ...
The story was not unique it was predictable for the genre. The art style was nice and well produced, there is money behind the production. Most of the characters where dull. During the First season, this anime had two things that were great and stood out, Gojo Satoru and the end credits sequence with song. I watched the whole first season and could not skip the end credits it was almost the only thing I was looking forward to each episode, that went away in season 2. None of the other characters stand out, it's not very interesting. If you liked things like Bleach, Naruto, ...
The story was not unique it was predictable for the genre. The art style was nice and well produced, there is money behind the production. Most of the characters where dull. During the First season, this anime had two things that were great and stood out, Gojo Satoru and the end credits sequence with song. I watched the whole first season and could not skip the end credits it was almost the only thing I was looking forward to each episode, that went away in season 2. None of the other characters stand out, it's not very interesting. If you liked things like Bleach, Naruto, ...
I don't understand why so many people praise this? It's really not good in my opinion. Why? (no spoilers). . - The fights are boring. It's your typical "we can't pay animators for a decent fight scene, so we'll just make it into those talk-and-think scenes with only a handful of actual attacks". Some people like that, but I prefer fight scenes with, well, fights.. - The girl character is extremely annoying. I get that she's a 12y-old, but that doesn't mean she has to act like she's 8. Of course, whenever they then try to make her act cool and badass, it flops and just looks cringe.. - ...
Animation is basic and kind of lame. It's fairly cllean, but not very detailed. Action scenes are kind of just the bear minimum, and leave a lot to be desired. Characters are often annoying and universally shallow in depth and detail. Even the somewhat likeable characters lose what little charm they had after a couple of episodes. The story is similarly empty. It lacks world building and a interesting story. A lot of occurrences are just nonsense, I win game because I win game. Pacing is average, but the miserable plot makes is feel a lot slower than it is. Voice acting is not the ...
This is the most anime anime I've seen this year. The plot is beyond basic, just another harem it looks like. What' i do like about the show is it's art, it's decent to look at and the animation is perfectly fine. When it does a close up when it's an important scene, the art can be great. But the characters are flat for the most part They can be charming, but nothing to give them depth so their just 2d and hollow But i can't complain too much as this is just a junky fast food anime, just something to burn and waste your ...
I m still thinking about what i just watched. A movie, or a show which doesn't make any sense, You can call it a crap.. The most dissaponting and worst thing about Touch, is our main female mc minami , who is the type of character who can cry anytime, and will blame (tatsuya) who is the best thing about this show, she is a type of character who knows everything but still acting like that she doesn't know anything, a character who is only playing with Our MC's emotions .. ( You can also call call it a review of touch ). . . About movie-. I already explained about ...
Pluto is an extremely disappointing series that seems to fail in all aspects, with poorly composed visuals, a boring narrative, and a structure that lacks mystery and suspense. The anime’s visuals are poorly executed, with digital effects and backgrounds feeling cheap and disjointed from the character designs. Along with the amateurish use of computer generation, especially evident in scenes involving vehicles, the series looks as if it were released in the early 2000s rather than two decades later. The narrative lacks depth, failing to deliver a compelling conclusion, and the lack of centrality on a singular character makes emotional connections more difficult. Mystery elements are ...
Really tried to give it a shot for those positive reviews talking good about the show, after watching some eps I can totally understand why they like it. I dont like it.. . The anime's satire and chuunibyou aspect that so many reviews talks about is almost non existent. The little satire that exists, is there just to try and make the complete lack of a story line something ''funny'' since its ''satire'', the ''chuunibyou'' is a excuse from the author to feel free to lick the MC balls at every chance he gets.. . Seriously, its tiring to see everything revolves around the MC being ''the most ...
Each episode is 24 minutes, circa. 5 minutes of recap, one minute of OP and 2 minutes of ED.. Just 15 minutes for the show, then during the show, the amount of flashback people got, is amazing, we can easily remove 5 and more minutes, 10 minutes for the real sauce.. . Real sauce? Ah sorry, the real sauce, yeah yeah, give me 10 minutes and i would find something.. . This anime has many issues, but the worst is the pacing, the feeling is that nothing is happening, the real content of 5 episodes could be fit in just one episode and still slow to watch. One rescue ...
A storm has come for the future of anime. One with the potential to destroy good taste for the next decade, as mass cope and denial run rampant along with the name of this season's new Top Slop Anime: Solo Levelling.. . Short Summary and ‘TL;DR’ waiting at the bottom.. . In this preliminary period, most reviews and takes are read as desperate cope from manhwa readers, unwilling to accept that their beloved series has been made into a mediocre, substanceless slop - filled with glaring and awkward issues within its very first few minutes. In some cases these reviews have convinced me in their own words why ...
In my personal opinion, this anime was okay- not exceptional but not horrible. The animation looked quite rough at times. Especially in scenes where the camera was zoomed far out. Otherwise, I admire the lighting and the background track. The characters do follow a lot of character archetypes (Adam as the quiet one, Noah as the intelligent mastermind, Vivian as the villainess, etcera). It follows a reincarnation plot and takes place in what I like to call 'Faux-Europe'. It looks like a European country and has its own unique lore in small tidbits. I would recommend this anime as a past time.. none of these ...
After watching the first seven episodes of Kakegurui, I decided to drop it and I don't feel like I can recommend this show.. . We watch anime for entertaining purposes, it can either be about a beautiful story, epic battles, funny adventures, cosy slice of life moments etc... In the case of Kakegurui, it's hard to understand what the story is trying to accomplish, or I rather should say, it's hard to find another goal beside showing fanservice scenes, different kind of weird kinks etc.... . There are many different things that make it hard for the viewer to believe those world's settings. There isn't any kind ...
( Just a little spoiler). I love you, I want to be with you forever, in next episode i can't choose anyone, ya those are the words of our main female mc .. My main reason to watch ( sunny Ryuko) was the Romance genre, but i didn't know, this show is just garbage. If you squeeze the show could end in 10 episodes. 42 episodes feels like you are watching everything on repeat. While the beginning of the show was interesting, it became a mess till the end.. This writer is famous for his crap stories.. . Story - the story is nothing special, just same ...
Part 2 continues the story of Sakurai as he's tormented by Uzaki.. . Uzaki doesnt get scolded for her terrible behavior. But for some reason Sakurai is being presented as the jerk by his friends because he refuses to make a move on the girl who berates him every chance she gets.. . Again there are no redeeming qualities to Uzaki. She's just an obsessive jerk.. And Sakurai's friends are actually making matters worse.. Seriously i feel like Sakurai and Uzaki would be better off if these people just left them alone and let their relationship evolve naturally. The anime is trying to present it as them being encouraging but ...
The unfortunate thing about this VN production anime is that it isn't about VN production. If you want a variation of Shirobako — look elsewhere. This is an uninspired "teen girl does time travel" anime that uses old tech as a cheap nostalgia bait. The deepest it gets into the actual creative process involved in VN creation is within the first few episodes where the main character Konoha first teleports into the past and finds out that in the 90s you had to use your mouse to draw on PC (the horror!).. . The problem is that creative team behind this production is as knowledgeable about ...
It was awful, the only positive thing that I can say that is was competently and not offensively bad. The creator wanted to tell a story. and 0080 told that story, the problem was that their story was terrible.. . I think the fact that the title says 0080 (after the peace treaty) but the show takes place during 0079 (before the peace treaty) already tells a lot about the world-building. It's like if they'd call a movie 1946 Recovery from the War, but it would take place in 1945 April during the Siege of Berlin.. Second big problem was with the power-levels, the mobile suits get defeated ...
Cry porn, you go in expecting trash, and it's cry porn trash. None of the characters are more than 2 mm deep and the show expects you to care about them. The big reveal at the end is disappointing and pointless. This show won't leave you wanting more, but you will want to finish it just for the sake of the overarching mystery. No spoiler, but the mystery is trash and it delivers no satisfactory conclusion. The only thing you'll have to say at the end is boo fricken' hoo.. Is it sad? Yes.. Is it good? No, not at all.. Why'd I finish it? The mystery ...
Another summary of Kabaneri of the iron fortress. this time the second half of the series. much better than the first film, but not really worth seeing here either. The films in no way offer a special experience compared to the series. Kabaneri of the Iron fortress is quite entertaining, but quickly becomes boring, which is why it's actually rather bad to watch 1-2 hours of the films in a row and I would much rather recommend that you watch a maximum of 2 episodes. The summaries are definitely not necessary and also offer the worse experience for me personally.
"Mahou Shoujo ni Akogarete" follows a young teenage girl who finds herself in a thight situation when a magical cat offers her to be one of her favorite heroes - a magical girl, but intead she is selected to be one of the villains of those girls and constantly have to battle them. Little does she know she will start finding enjoyment in torturing them and stripping them naked on the street.. . My only question for this is – Why?. . Why is like this? Why are so many people happing it? Why is it so plotless? Why is it so ugly in 2024? And why is ...
Okay, I'm just going to get straight into the review. . Story: 3/10 Japan as banned sexual content and put a thing around people's necks so if they say something sexual they go to jail. The main character hates his father and there is a girl named Blue snow that throws hentai pictures at crowds and says a lot of sex jokes, that all the story really is.. . Art: 7/10 The Art is somewhat good (The Anime studio is J.C Staff). . Characters: 2/10 This anime has some of the most bland characters ever. There is this one girl named Anna who is a yandere for the main character and ...
I went into it with fair expectations, but was surprised at how weak the story is.. . The plot: the MC is a Japanese girl who passes away and is reincarnated as a character in a video game she has played before. The character she body hops into is the 6-year-old princess of the story who will become the game's villain, the "Last Boss". Upon realizing her role in this world, the MC decides to defy fate and prevent her scripted death. Equipped with her knowledge of the game's timeline and events, she can make changes at key moments in the "story" and alter the future ...
A complete step down from S1, that had you watching the OP every single week and did a lot for its world building, which was rich enough for most people to overlook the more.....controversial aspects of this anime. But S2 completely loses all of that an in the end you're just shaking your head in confusion as to why we hear about the main character's limp dick for most episodes.. . In season 1, they introduce us to a bunch of characters that somehow contribute to the story. But most new characters from this cour contribute almost nothing to the bigger plot at hand. Demon king? ...
Patlabor is a really cool idea for an anime, in theory. One of the worst things a movie or show can do is have "tell don't show" story telling for most of what it tries to convey to the audience. Patlabor in general has this problem, but this movie is rampant with dull moments of characters just rambling on instead of actually doing anything interesting. A lot of exposition dumping where the scene is not dynamic in anyway with either people just sitting in a room or shifting between stale backgrounds. This movie's story is more philosophical strain of thought than anything interesting. Which is ...
A fun series of social strategy games, that’s unnecessarily cringe for the edgelord protagonist and unreliable character motivations of everyone around him.. . The character motivations of everyone who is not the protagonist, are whatever is required to juke the audience and move the plot along. Sometimes that includes 180 degree turns of character personalities and even their underlying motivations. This undermines the sense that these are real people and friends of the protagonist, which ultimately undermines the tension of their precarious situations, because who cares about characters that don’t seem human, right?. ...
This feels like Tonikaku Kawaii bad, like it's really really bad. I think this is actually worse than Tonikaku Kawaii, at least that one had a good first episode. There is literally nothing good here though.. . It's a painful watch, it's so boring, the dialogue is beyond atrocious, the main setting seems to be the couch in the guy's apartment. There is so little action, it feels like we're forced to watch two people on the couch talk to each other forever.. . Regarding the romance, yep you guessed it it's BAD! Compare this to a good modern romance like Horimiya or Dangers in my heart, those two ...
I started watching this anime in 2002, but I only saw the first three episodes. At the time, I was just a teenager without much money, so it was difficult to find the complete series. However, those first three episodes left such an impression on me that I always wanted to see the rest.. . Today, 22 years later, I finally had the chance to finish it.. . The first thing I want to say is that those first three episodes are definitely even better today than they were 12 years ago. This anime really starts off very well. A mix of great characters, an intriguing story with the ...
A necromancer known as Corpse God suddenly wakes up in our world - in the body of a boy who was murdered less than a minute before! Of course, his murderer finds out and so Corpse God has to fight back.... . "Dead Mount Death Play" was a surprisingly convincing anime to begin with, I even wondered why I hadn't already been recommended it 10 times! The animations in the first two episodes are particularly impressive and the characters and setting just work. The series is as funny as the situation in which a necromancer has to cope in our world is weird.. . But unfortunately the series develops ...
This show has no sauce. The first episode tricked me into thinking this might be good. Stylish MC, a looming megacorp that owns people's bodies, and a unique mystery. Unfortunately, all three of these points get dropped in like... episode 2. You are promised a hard boiled detective series, but then fails to have the detective do any sloothing. No villains are uncovered, they are all happy to explicitly state that they are evil. The mysteries, if you could even call them that, basically solve themselves with the answer just falling into the lap of the b-plot character for that episode so they can show ...
This anime is garbage please don't watch this. The only enjoyment you might get from it is laughing at the absurdity of it but if that's what you're looking for there are much better options.. . The plot makes no sense and the way they handle sensitive subjects such as rape is disgusting. Anime always tend to struggle with horror and this one isn't an exception it's not particularly scary it's just a gorefest.. . The music is bland and doesn't really add to the show in any way.. . The animation is awful and the gore scenes are just too much.. . There's nothing in terms of production that ...
my first time giving such a low rating on anything I watched and its for a good reason. I'm a big fan of samurai troopers and this being the final ova of the entire franchise was a huge let down. there is barely any actual story going on and not much is really explained, several minutes of each episode is just flashbacks from the tv series and there is no action, no power of friendship nothing from what made the tv series and other two ovas great, I felt bored and confused while watching this I feel they were trying to do something deep ...
Goblin Slayer huh? While I’m always up for giving shows a second chance (the movie doesn’t count), this season of TV proved once and for all that this show just isn’t the stuff.. . When writing fantasy stories, I believe it’s of utmost importance not just to change one singular thing about the already existing formula. Multiple unique or interesting ideas/concepts need to be featured in your story in order to distinguish yourself from the exhaustive ocean of run-of-the-mill, lazily thrown-together fantasy shows that this medium boasts. Goblin Slayer, in my opinion, does absolutely not check any of the boxes here, but instead constantly and awkwardly ...
Berserk of Gluttony or Boushoku no Berserk, man, what a total hot garbage of an anime. I mean, at first, it doesn't seem all that terrible, but the more you stick with it, the more you realize it's just a forced mess, rushing through everything like it's on steroids. "Oh, a monster! Kill it, join the team, monster's done, gluttony skill levels up, and now I'm saving the queen." What the heck? Okay, what I said here might not make that much sense, and you might wonder "what part of it is fast-paced?" If you've been watching anime for a while, you'd know this thing's ...
Metallic Rouge is a neon mental upload complete with all the cyberpunk imagery and concepts to engorge any moderate fan of the genre. Unfortunately, the execution is less "edgy" and more "edging." The frustrating thing is that all of the right elements are here, and this could have done so well as a gritty noir type story, but it just never settles into a genre. It starts out as a crime story, but turns into an robot revolution story, but it's also slowly becoming a fake memory/identity story, and ultimately all of this "depth" is meant to lead you to the mandatory mecha battle ...
Don't watch. MC was stupid, brainless and senseless. I never seen this type of stupid MC any where.. Story was not unique. It's predictable.. style is good.. Character development was horrible. Stupid MC.. MC doesn't responds to situations based on his emptions his act gets trouble.. I think no one likes this kind of stupid plot.. . An ordinary young man in a small town tries to learn the essence of martial arts, but he is set up by someone, and then suffers a tragic love and gets involved in a dispute in the martial arts world. He is wronged by others due to his identity. While struggling to survive, he ...
This anime is a wasted potential.. I basically watched this with my friend because we have nothing better else to do with our time, and thought we could check this anime out since it was hyped for a while. The pilot episode was good, but it got tiring very quick. It basically followed the Yu-Gi-Oh method where the MC is shown being beaten off from the start, getting a epiphany moment where they just basically give off a speech totally uncalled for and can be somewhat connected to the story while also not at the current situation at the same time, and then basically draw the ...
( Disclaimer : First of all I am the type of person who gives negative reviews to some anime that are trash in my POV which can make an Author lose all his will to write a story But But But I also give long praises to anime that are actually good so, all I mean to say is that just don't take it seriously if our views do not align. If something is bad I will say that it is bad if it is good then I will it is great.). . ~Q : What makes an action anime great ?. ~If uh ask me this ...
Don't understand the hype. Except the music and style it was super boring.. The ''deep meanings' and ''symbolism'' don't hit if that is ALL there is. Each episode felt like filler with maybe 1 good scene.. Julia is insufferable. Her final scene has zero impact. You can't honestly tell me you care this much about such an empty character that you get no exposure to. Even if it impacts Spike, as a viewer, it doesn't hit. Her presence was more annoying than anything else.. Spike was a an amazing character until they decided to strip all the good stuff off of him and literally make ...
This is just straight-up bad. It's genuinely embarrassing as someone who really enjoyed the game this was based off of when I was younger.. . Let's ignore how bad the animation is for a minute and just focus on the story: It's borderline incoherent. None of the characters really have any logical reason for any of what they do. Not only do they have nothing to do with the original characters from the game at all (because the plot mentions at the very start that the game characters are fictional to the world of this movie as well), but they're all completely forgettable. They have the personality ...
I enjoyed the previous seasons, but not this one. I believe the major reason wasn't that they made any bad decisions with the story, but it is the fact that they didn't change anything at all.. . It could also be the result of abusing the shounen loop of "get beaten up, remember your friends, stand up, and beat your way out". This is Fairy Tail in a nutshell. You will see nothing more than that.. . So just before watching the final season; I sort of knew what I was going to see, but I still finished it just because I don't like to drop series and ...
How can four episodes make me so pissed off? Istg, thank god it was only four episodes so that I was able to binge watch them and be annoyed that I wasted my time to this "ending" thingy or whatever. I could give a lower score, however the music/some of the pretty art mainly keep the score a bit higher.. . I was disappointed. I still am disappointed at this hot mess. I'm glad that its over so that I can go back with the OG timeline and believe that its the only plot line that exists. Do not turn mobile games into anime, if you ...
It took two episodes, TWO EPISODES for me to see that this anime is a real chore to get through. If you had to choose between watching this anime or watching paint dry. Please choose watching paint dry because boy oh boy does this anime suck the life out of you for all purposes. The characters are very one dimensional, lack of story at points, and overall a lack of game explanation rules really makes you consider why this anime has a low score to begin with. Read the reviews before going in, go outside, roll around in some mud before you decide to watch ...
It was an awesome show up until the 4th episode. Like, 9 or 10 out of 10, funny yet heartwarming at moment. Then came episode 4 and "this" character, one of the worst I've ever seen in any piece of media. Completly ruined the mood of the show. The end of the episode clearly hinted that we will see more of this garbage of a character so I just sadly decided to drop this show. Reading spoiler from the rest of it, it appears I made the right choice as this character does not evolve at all and keeps appearing.. This character and the end ...
Forfeit your dignity, all yee who watch this anime. DO NOT WATCH THIS ANIME!!!. . It panty shots a girl who can't be any older than 12, the pig has a kink for abuse and wants her to "punish" him. She can understand everything he thinks all because of a slave collar, she's dressed as a maid and constantly points out how much she turns him on. He goes on and on about every detail of her maid outfit. This anime is nothing but red flags. Stay as far away from it as you possibly can. I only dealt with more than 1 episode to leave a ...
Nah man some anime straight up need to stop with the cringe, pedo and, sexist shit. So basically its Twilight but vampire dragons shit. Anime is trash in so many ways like, why do you need to be naked with a 12 year old to cut hair??. . I question my life after watching this, I hoped for something serious, but its cringy joke.. . Lot of Anime get the spotlight for no reason these days I HAVE NO IDEA WHY?!. . I would rate this 3 but after reading some of the reviews, i would not watch this if i got paid.. . -3
I knew about this manga long before it became an anime, and wasn't expecting much from it because of one of the main images used to promote it: https://i0.wp.com/sequentialplanet.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/download.png?resize=749%2C556&ssl=1 (main character groping the main girl under her clothes). Still kept my mind open since we can't judge a manga too hard based on just one image with no context.. . The anime came out and I barely recognized it because they're using a diferent art (as you can see on MAL), and since it's doing so well in popularity I gave it a shot.. . As you can see from my score, that image is as bad as ...
Thought it was supposed to be a romance. I was extremely bored the whole show. Not sure why I even finished it tbh.. I know there have been alot of good reviews about it, I think people enjoyed the slice of life and the character development aspect, but that still was absent for me personally and I was more or less just waiting for something romance-related, which never came.. There was I think one part where it was hinted at the possibility between the two main characters but it was so short lived. So if you like romance stuff, this aint for you.
I came here for a romance that grew in a place where it wasn't expected. Instead, in the first scene I am met with physical and verbal abuse, the male lead (who I am somehow expected to like) sexually assaulting the female lead. He has no empathy towards her, and only shows her any sort of kindness after she reminds him of someone he once cared for. It's a toxic, abusive relationship, and made me feel sick. How are we accepting writing where it's shown that it's okay to assault someone? How on earth is that romantic?. . I wouldn't recommend anyone watch this unless you're interested ...
I had been putting this anime off for so long, and although I knew that there were many people that like Maid-Sama, I also knew there were some red flags surrounding the anime too (which is exactly why I'm not going to continue watching it). Why did I decide to watch it in the first place then? Mostly because I was bored, but I also usually do enjoy a 2000s/2010s rom-com, like Lovely Complex. I have taken into consideration that the manga/anime was created in the mid-late 2000s so I guess the weird fanservice and sexual harassment tropes aren't too surprising to see (still very ...
Dead Mount Death Play Part 2 is a mess. The beginning of the anime comes out strong, carrying much of the suspense and mystery from the previous season, but after a certain point, it all dries up. The interesting and well-paced plot from the first season feels rushed in the second, leaving many plot points resolved off-screen and others unresolved completely. The ending is particularly unsatisfying, lacking a significant reveal or explanation, and instead offering a mediocre conclusion that hints at a possible continuation. The animation and visuals are on par with the previous season, but the characters are worse. Many characters are underutilized, only ...
I was actually surprised with how disappointed I was with this particular anime. Gundam is a series that is one of my al-time favorites, even though I am a recent fan. I have been watching just about everything Gundam related I could, so naturally, this one was on the list. I enjoyed the first season, but that's because I enjoy Gundam in general, and I buckled myself in for the ride of season 2. Unfortunately, I did not enjoy that ride. I don't think this anime is bad, but it totally forgets to try to be good.. . The plot of this anime went completely over my ...
I love a good mystery, and Kubikiri Cycle does at least somewhat deliver on that, so it's hard to entirely dislike it. While it does get a little too convoluted at the end, the actual murder mystery portion of the series is the most sound and enjoyable part of it. It's the other parts of the series that are a letdown.. . In particular, there are two elements that stand out above the others as critical issues: the characters and the dialogue writing. These problems are distinct, but related of course. The characters are insufferable virtually without exception, and a big part of that is the pretentious ...
My first thought upon watching this was "baby's first otome isekai". Usually I would rate a show like this at a 6 or 7. Why give it a 4 then?. The reason is simple- The MC is really unlikable. It would be perfectly fine if she were a side character, but she is the actual driving force behind the plot.. . Her personality traits are "quirky" "smart" "relatable" "unique" - that's it. To put this into perspective I will compare her to some other otome protagonists:. . - Catarina Claes is dumb in a "cute and oblivious" way. Yumiella Dolkness is dumb in a "cool and oblivious" way. ...
Note: This review is for both series and movie of Shinseiki Evangelion.. . Shinseiki Evangelion is a failure on every aspect when it comes to anime. From a bare minimum effort of making the characters any close to being likeable, controversial themes used for controversie's sake and the most agravant aspects:. The ultimate wussylord Shinji Ikari. Obvisously the worst protagonist of all time;. Incoherent plot that makes no sense. An alegory of faux symbolism and pretentionism like no other before;. Horrible conclusion of both last two episodes and sequel movie.. . Shinseiki Evangelion is everything wrong with anime. It influenced many bad anime such as Infinite Stratos and Gakusen Toshi Asterisk. It ...
This show has so much potential. The story is excellent, the characters are interesting, and the art style (when it exists) is cool. It is also the most lazily animated thing I have seen in a while. The first season suffered from similar problems, but it was not as apparent. It appears that the people who made this season either didn't care, weren't provided with the funding they needed to make an animated show, or didn't have the time to produce a finished product. At certain points , it becomes a power point presentation.. . I wanted to like this, and I liked the first season ...
I saw someone say that you just skip to the good parts, the problem is that there is no good parts in this anime. the story is bland, nothing really happened except for a lot of killing. i just think its easier if i list some problems i have with this anime.. . - The story is really boring, its nothing you havent seen before, isekai bs and then the main character is rejected etc etc but hes super op bla bla bla... boring. . - The "insta kill" power was cool at first but after like 2 eps it got really boring, There is no danger, literally nothing ...
Spoiler-free review. . So... Mashle isn't the worst comedy-focused shonen I've seen. That's the highest praise I can give it honestly. The anime is fine... the humor is OK for the most part (many jokes miss though). It's the same repetitive gag over and over and over though about how ridiculously strong he is and about how he shocks everyone constantly. Which makes the show kinda one-note in my opinion. Nothing is shocking or surprising or keeps me guessing, which is why this show felt kind of dull for me. The qualities that had the potential to save this show for me are the pacing (it's very ...
Why this anime feels so cringe af.The characters are reandom npc who appears for 1 time only and full of shitty crap jokes and logic.was Never a fan of manhwa(expect the 18+💀manhwas)as they have the worst sense of humor and storytelling which doesn't come near Japanese mangas. Although Solo leveling's concept really attracted me (never read the manhwa) but watching it realized there's nothing so uniqe about, it just a boring and overhyped anime.. Smellfatishers gonna really love this anime 💀.. I will say some episodes are unbearable. Today's generation really love cringy things thanks to tiktok.. . Expected saitama level shit. Got King(from opm) level reality
No idea why people give so high score to this Anime. The manga it's a 8-10 out of 10, but the anime? I gave 6 not considering that I read the manga, as anime itself. Nice but nothing more, there are hundreds and hundreds of Anime that deserve way better, this is one of the cases of Anime that deserve worst.. . Oh, and if I had to take in consideration the manga, I had to give 3 or 4 to this anime since it's way worst than the manga. The manga it's really good, that means the story is interesting and draws are incredible. You feel ...
I expected much more.. The idea is interesting but the characters are just badly written, the main characters has been a adult surgeon in their second life, so why is she having the personality of a 13 year old?. But what really irked me is that they are repeating explanation of medical procedures, like wtf i got your explanation the first time why tell it the exact same way to a different character. It seems like they just needed to fill the episodes.. The medical topic is definitely a cool idea now if they wouldn't treat the watchers like idiots and dove more deeply either in ...
Gates to another dimension, called Mato, begin opening across Japan, where monsters known as Shuuki begin attacking the inhabitants of the Earth. Inside these portals are a resource called a "Peach", which, when consumed by women, give them supernatural powers, leading to a matriarchal society. One day, Yuuki Wakura, a recent high school graduate, stumbles inside a gate and meets Kyouka Uzen, the commander of the 7th squad of the Demon Defense Force. Kyouka has the power to "enslave" Shuuki and mount them for combat, but cornered by an increasing number of Shuuki, she asks Yuuki if she can enslave him. He consents and turns ...
It’s funny how we all have these things that we know, but we don’t really know them. That is to say we are in possession of the information – rattling around in our brains somewhere – and we understand it on an abstract intellectual level, but we have no genuine understanding of it, for we’ve never actually been brought face to face with the first-hand reality of it.. . Slavery is a good example of this. We all understand the mechanics of slavery, consider it to be one of the greatest crimes against humanity, we get mighty agitated about it, and compete to see who is more ...
For the life of me, I couldn’t tell you why I ever decided to watch this and downloaded it some 3 years ago. I can, however, tell you why I intuitively put off watching it for 3 years. Most of the team responsible for Double Decker also worked on Tiger & Bunny and the two shows share the same character designer, Masazaku Katsura. The series was even billed as a "Tiger & Bunny New Anime Series Project" when it was first announced.. . Alas, Double Decker is to Tiger & Bunny what Mac and Me is to E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, that’s if E.T. were a huge pile ...
Sad excuse for otome isekai yuri anime. Though it starts as fun story of unrequited love, it devolves really fast into really weird relationships. Protagonist become basically an obsessed maniac/stalker and pulls all stops to become as close as possible to her unwilling love interest.. . Story goes through motions of killing boss/tournament/what-have-you without any direct impact on relationships of protagonist and her obsession. As there was nothing to story beside this extreme passion, author resorts to lame world-building by dumping info on different subjects (magic system, past flashbacks, politics, etc.). This uninspired generic otome setting unbearable to watch as it is, but if you add ...
Without question, some of the worst animation I've ever seen. I actually burst out laughing at how bad the artwork is. The entire show feels like a low-budget fanart project. 99% of the "animation" is just panning shots. 5 second pan to the left. 10 second pan to the right. Entire fight scenes are just still images with the camera shaking around. They couldn't even be bothered to animate character mouths when they talk. And there is a ton of horrifically bad CGI effects. The effects look like Halloween clipart from Windows 95. Faces are so poorly drawn they might as well be different people ...
ENG: It's the worst anime I've ever watched, it doesn't have any context or emotion in the story. it only talks about another world that has a collar. In the end there is no continuation. It doesn't make any sense.. The positive point is that the characters seem interesting and the story alone is very difficult to develop.. . PT/BR:. É o pior anime que já assisti, não tem nenhum contexto ou emoção na história. só fala de outro mundo que tem coleira. No final não há continuação. Não faz sentido.. O ponto positivo é que os personagens parecem interessantes e a história por si só é muito difícil ...
This review with Shugo Chara! Party! will be divided into two segments. The first half will cover the season standalone, and the second will act as an overall review for the entire series. Please note that spoilers may be present. Additionally, the Party! review will treat Puchi Puchi, the anime segments and the live action as a single series.. . Shugo Chara! Party was in a difficult position from the start; needing to follow the manga and its pacing was one of its first problems, but the second was the apparent lack of faith to the manga, instead taking the series in a wildly different direction, which ...
I start episode 4 and, mmhh, did i miss an episode? Better watching the end of episode 3, nope, miss noting, my bad.. I start episode 5....what i'm missing? Did i see the previous episode?. Today i start episode 6, déjà vu? What's wrong with this anime?. . There is no explanation whatsoever, i can't understand a thing!. Struggling to find a patch to follow in the story, hoping for the next episode to tell me something, each time different scenario, more characters and more things to follow without knowing what’s going on. I can't figure what the main plot is, what the main characters are trying to achieve ...
A burning dumpster that is over valued and over scored. A tediously slow show, with barely anything going on, with lobotomized characters not willing to produce rational decisions and behaving like morons the whole time. Plot that barely moves as nothing happens, with convenient things happening that change character attitudes in a non-believable way.. . It ends up at a point where things are finally conveniently end up in a conclusion while one character wearing a lot of plot armor tells a tale to other characters that randomly proves things in the proper way and everyone keeps digging out helpful clues to prove the theory (literally behind ...
As someone who had been really looking forward to this anime since I first watched trailers about it, I'm very disappointed to have to drop it here.. . The series begins with us, the audience, thrown into the middle of the plot with very little grasp to what's going on.. I shrugged it off and thought that the next episodes would probably get more interesting plot-wise and explanatory, but I've sadly come to notice that there isn't and won't be an elaborate, complex plot going on.. . This anime moves at a neck-breaking pace, there's very little explaining happening, I still don't know what the main characters are trying ...
You don’t need to watch this and I would honestly recommend you don’t. If you’ve seen any harem show at all, you’ve seen this; hell, you’ll be able to predict beat-by-beat where it goes. The only “edge” I would give this show is its adult cast. Everything else about it is bland.. . This is Seo Kouji, the mangaka, at his worst. His first hit, Suzuka, touched on relevant topics that few mangaka dare touch on—I appreciated it. His next hit, A Town Where You Live, was a slogging melodrama that nonetheless hit the right notes at the right time to keep audiences engaged. His third hit, ...
Let me start off with an alternative title for this "anime": Your waifu neighbor who does nothing but feed you shit due to your fictional privileges. . This anime is pure trash.. lets start off with the main character; Mahiru. Mahiru's entire personality is being a lost puppy. there is nothing special about her. she's just a classic "cute doe eyed anime girl" who lives for everyones love and pity.. her voice, her actions everything about her just pisses me off.. . if your looking up to watching 23 minutes of a guy and girl barley maintaining a proper conversation but still making ...
A bizarre school harem.. . This guy bumps into a bunch of random girls one by one on the way to school which results in some ecchi situations: boobs grab, underwear grab, face sitting, that kinda stuff.. There are 5 girls (including a teacher and a girl pretending to be a boy).. . I dont know what they were thinking with the first episode. The main character gets dry r*aped by a dog. Not a good start.... . So all these girls start confessing their love to the main character. But i guess he's the most oblivious idiot in the world since most of this just flies over his head.. . And because of ...
Typical isekai, a man from real-world go to another world. He started with low status, but has unique condition so he can upgrade all status from lowest to highest.. . Story 6/10. The idea is good enough, started with new char with low status, have unique condition, but the lack for the development of the story. Too fast from one story to another story. Not enough conflict, make the this a bit boring.. . Animation 7/10. This anime has decent animation. Not bad, not perfect, but still enjoyable.. . Sound 5/10. Background sound not really match with the scene. Because the plot from one to another too fast, so the music also not ...
To this very day, I still don't know what possessed me to start and (tragically) finish this thing. It's awful. The characters, animation, the plot, everything is so bad, it can't be salvaged.. . My sister (who didn't watch it) told me "Hey, you should watch it. I found it because I listened to the OP and ED and I liked it" and my stupid 16yo me who just watched anime for the sport of it was like "alright, I'll give it a try" and so I wasted hours of my youth.. . I'm grateful that it's been so long since I watched it so I can't remember ...
It starting to feel like Mappa is adopting a Disney-like approach in Japan. Why? Well, take a look at this anime. It's like they've meticulously checked all the boxes of what typically makes a shonen show popular: there are intense fights, a school setting to appeal to teenagers, and generic supernatural elements. Plus, they've thrown in clones and derivative personalities from popular manga like JJK and Bleach, assuming that what worked there will work here too.. . But despite checking off all these boxes, they've somehow missed the mark entirely.. . This is easily one of the most forgettable anime I've seen in years. AND Let's be real ...
Isekai, the so-called: Genre with limitless potential and stories has now devolved into a factory assembly line churning out recycled magic and fantasy tropes that have lost their appeal when presented in traditional fantasy narratives.. . We find ourselves encountering the same tired elements in every Isekai story, with a feeble attempt at novelty by introducing minor variations, such as having the main character be an exorcist. Lord help us.... . . It's starting to feel like these stories are being mass-produced to meet the demands of platforms like Crunchyroll and other desperate streaming services for clients, resulting in a lack of effort, originality, and memorable characters.. . . Anyways. skip.
Interesting premise that promises a unique isekai story.. . Ends up being typical and honestly- quite boring. I say this as an isekai fanatic; I love isekai, but the one thing I cannot stand is when the plot is the MC training continously with no development. The first 4 episode is the MC literally training and trying to level up while the plot moves an inch. Then he moves to another city, and now he has to clear a dungeon, and of course he does (with more training and small improvements). It's literally like watching someone play a video game. I'm here to watch an anime, not ...
Terrible, stupid, ridiculous. I can't believe I wasted my time watching 3 seasons of this horrible thing that is this anime... don't do like me... take advantage of this time to watch something worthwhile, the story has been bad since the first season, but it manages to surpass itself in this regard, the plot focuses on an objective, but the development of the facts occurs in a repetitive and stupid way.. . The fact that none of the characters have the slightest ability to reason unless they are part of the hero's team makes things absurdly bad, especially when it comes to the other 3 heroes who were ...
I went into this anime with the expectation that one of two things would happen: Either it emotionally destroys me, or I'm massively underwhelmed and unimpressed.. . So what went wrong with this anime? Why the low ranking? Because like most anime it tried to hard be "funny". My main example of this is in an early episode where right after a very emotional scene we then cut to the main two characters in the car, and our android girl fully admits that she can not hold her bladder for much longer. Why? >> Not only is the moment ruined BUT WHY DO ANDROIDS EVEN HAVE TO ...
Based on the trailers, this anime promised to be one of the best in the winter 2024 season, but unfortunately for me it turned out to be a disappointment.. . The plot is that the main couple is hunting for a specific witch, of course they can't find her very quickly, so every episode (or every two episodes) we will get a new witch that we will have to defeat and discover that she is not the one they were looking for, ok, but it's an anime he can't do it in an interesting way, everything is so boring and bland.. The anime cannot properly ...
the manga? absolute masterpiece. Work of art. Made by a God.. the anime? disgusting. they skipped so many details from the manga and even made up stuff, the animation looks weird and overall they did the manga so dirty. please read the manga, it's way better than the anime.. the story itself is great, the characters too obviously, but the way they executed this could have been better imo, they skipped the whole kagune explanation, they did whatever they felt like, they skipped a lot of parts of the story and in some angles the animation looks weird, they did NOT respect the original manga artstyle. ...
the manga? absolute masterpiece. Work of art. Made by a God.. . . . . the anime? disgusting. they skipped so many details from the manga and even made up stuff, the animation looks weird and overall they did the manga so dirty. please read the manga, it's way better than the anime.. the story itself is great, the characters too obviously, but the way they executed this could have been better imo, they skipped the whole kagune explanation, they did whatever they felt like, they skipped a lot of parts of the story and in some angles the animation looks weird, they did NOT respect the original manga artstyle. ...
it didn't click with me as i thought it would be, i watched this with high expectations, because i kept hearing how this was so deep and thought provoking, but after i finishing it, i personally say no, it feels that is trying way to hard to try to get and emotion out of me, like look at this characters, aren't they so cute and happy? while a sad piano it's playing on the background, like i get it, war is bad, people dies on war, but don't you have anything new to add to the conversation? like yeah, i know that what the nazis ...
The One Piece anime is a lot like Berserk (2016), yeah it looks terrible, and is badly animated, but it's still One Piece.. . I've been watching this loveable train wreck for almost twenty years, and I have to admit, I don't understand people who decide to watch this now that it's over 1000 episodes in. It takes 17 uninterrupted days to watch this, who has the time?. . Toei may be the bain of my ability to watch anime. Slam Dunk and Dragonball, both are great manga with terrible adaptions. One Piece is a pretty good manga with an even worse adaption then the aforementioned Toei disappointments.. . And what ...
At the risk of being overly dismissive, this is a blatant attempt to capitalize on the success of the original Space Battleship Yamato, without any understanding of what made it work. The story and the central conflict between humans and an alien race called "the gods" is paper thin and unengaging. The aliens are a faceless menace, you only ever see their UFOs or humans being mind controlled by them, and it makes them seem unthreatening. The film makes no attempt to explain their goals or why this war is being fought, other than a vague sense that humanity became too technologically advanced. The setting ...
I had high expectations for this show going in. The artwork looked great and the opening was fire. But as I was watching the show I noticed there was no strong reason to watch the show as there was little to no suspense/story. The main characters didn't stand out as well, they had little to no personality. I was anticipating the show to pick up after the first episode but it was just flat all around. I don't recommend the show , unless you just want to just watch the show for the art with subtle music or you just really like this genre of ...
Rescue Me is your typical generic ecchi harem comedy... except everything is crammed into a single episode. If you've watched more than a handful of anime from the genre, then chances are you've seen every joke, situation, and character archetype in it a hundred times before. It offers absolutely nothing new in that regard, and due to the pacing (and subpar visuals, for that matter) is particularly poorly executed to boot.. . The one and only thing that would seem to set Rescue Me apart is that it is far more explicit than your typical tv ecchi series, showing numerous sex scenes. Just one problem: every single ...
Im not a big fan of shoujo anime's, but I did enjoy all the ones I watched like maid sama. But this show is one I didn’t enjoy. The fact that there was no character development between the mc and blue eye guy was a huge factor on my negative score. Shes 19, pretty and has never had a crush before. Show me some backstory on why she has never been in love. But….. after meeting the main guy at a bus. She falls for him. Then in a blink of an eye they both fall in love with eachother without explaining why. I know ...
There seems to be a misunderstanding between what the author sets out to do and what people get out of this show.. It seems to me to be an exploration of what a person would do in a system where people are arranged to be together based on optimal pairings, but where love is clearly a thing that exists.. . The issue is that people are looking for a set story, not a wishy-washy back and forth from an indecisive and painfully cowardly main character.. . Because the author or script writers want you to think about it, they haven’t bothered fleshing out this alternate reality.. I was hung up on ...
Story: Story fell off compared to the first season. In my opinion, all the plot lines that were revealed in the first season got convoluted and lead to an unsatisfying conclusion in the end. There were too many factions, many of whom didn't even play a role in the story. The creators tried to make it seem like a lot was going on and that it was all leading to some epic conclusion, but in reality the exact opposite happened.. . Characters: None of the new characters are remotely interesting. The new "villain" lacks motive, backstory, and gets extremely powerful with no resistance. He tries to ...
Story: Story? This shit barely has one. Mc just goes around collecting girls like they're pokemon. Nothing compelling ever heappens, and the comedy rarely lands.. . Characters: Mc is a joke. Dude is basic as hell and a huge pushover. All side characters are just high school girls that follow various anime tropes so they can appeal to all the degenerates that go wild over this shit. Character development? Never heard of it. . Ending: Nothing conclusive, since a second season is planned.. . Production: Everything is decent too good, nothing to complain about.. . Overall, an uninteresting anime full of tropes and bait for cucks who are into anime high ...
Memories of Nobody is the quintessential example of everything that’s wrong with non-canon shounen movies.. . Bleach’s worldbuilding is not exactly top tier to begin with, but that’s fine. It’s not that kind of story. I mean, there are no two ways about it. Tite Kubo’s ambition as a youth was to be a fashion designer. It’s not an accident that the element Bleach is best known for is its character design. The guy is a visual artist, first and foremost. Storytelling and worldbuilding are very much secondary skillsets. So far, in the canon, we’ve got the World of the Living, our world, Soul Society, the world ...
Except The Last Episode, Show is hard overrated to me. Until we get to chapter 8: We watch so many boring, longer, bad drama, average action. First 7 episode is really bad and boring for me.. . Without Episode 8. My score with first 7 episode :. Drama : 2/10. Action : 3/10. Mystery : 9/10. Story : 7/10. World Consistency : 2/10. Purpose Message : 7/10. Art Graphics : 5/10. ...
This review is going to be short and sweet, I'll avoid being too specific so it can remain spoiler free too.. . Delicious in Dungeon centres around cooking and eating different monsters the main characters defeat, it's not a new idea by any means. I don't necessarily dislike the concept but having an entire show dedicated to that quickly becomes boring and repetitive. The content(or lack thereof) in these first 6 episodes really should've been covered in 3, the pacing is just too slow. It's also a comedy but doesn't really entertain in that way. The jokes are very run of the mill and uncreative. The artsyle ...
Preface. Solo Leveling is the most eagerly anticipated anime of Winter 2024, mostly because it faced minimal competition from new releases. Hype aside, it still got eclipsed by the ongoing success of Frieren from the previous season and it is a fairly standard power fantasy that got fervently praised by fans of the web comic. As is usually the case with fans they want you to believe it’s some subversive masterpiece, although it does nothing that its predecessors haven’t already explored, often with superior execution. Furthermore, its glaringly apparent flaws provide plenty of reasons for the average watcher to disengage.. . 1) It’s needlessly padded out. Something everyone who ...
Im sorry I just find this show to be very boring.. . I finished S1 and felt like the story so far was super forgettable, not to mention lacking in depth. None of the characters truly feel like deep individuals, and hence making their fights feel shallow and unreasonable. I feel like JJK is basically the power fantasies of a bunch of middle schoolers, imagining themselves as these ultra-cool, ultra-funny, and ultra-powerful beings. They are all cocky and arrogant because they are not yet adults and do not find the need to refine themselves into much deeper beings. They are aimless because all that they know is ...
Da Capo II presents itself to be a harem romance but does not deliver by departing from the usual harem story line. It tries to imitate the original series but the characters feel rather familiar and the scenes seem disconnected. Although the plot eventually turns out to be more intricate than ordinary it still differs from the common harem clichés.. . The cast, led by Yoshiyuki Sakurai, attempts to deviate from the usual high school harem protagonist, but ultimately fails to break the mold entirely. The female characters, while introducing new tones to the story, still bear too many similarities to their predecessors, adding little freshness to ...
It's peak.. . they tell me i need to write more but there is nothing else to write, this is peak, this is everything, best piece of media ever created, it's art, the story? Peak. The characters? Peak. The worldbuilding? Peak. If there's one negative thing you can say about this then keep it to yourself because you'd be wrong, this is peak.. . . . I am now going to copy paste things i see on this page to make the wordcount what this trash website wants it to be.. This review needs more information!. Here are a few ideas of what you may want to include:. Is the story unique? If it ...
I mean, if you can ignore the romanticized sexual assault then go watch it but for me it's a huge no, I thought this would be a wholesome watch as it was recommended by my sister (she prefers shoujo and I prefer shounen) my jaw was on the floor the moment I saw one of the mcs sexually assault the other and the the story just carries on without giving him any consequences, I really wanted to give it a chance and watch it all the way but i just couldn't take it anymore and dropped it at episode 8, if you wanna watch a ...
I never write reviews but this show has been so awful that I felt like I needed to on this occasion. I hope my review can save someone else their time.. . This is a very bad fantasy show and it will bore you to death. Skip it to save yourself valuable hours.. . Main Review:. This might just be the most boring show, I've had the misfortune of watching, in the last 2 years. I decided to watch this because I like fantasy shows but Dungeon Meshi seems to take all the fun out of fantasy. Lets start with the character designs since they look like ass. Pretty much ...
Take Trigun, but remove the "juice", the "rizz", the "it factor", and then you get Trigun Stampede.. . The original Trigun is something I remember in a hazy fugue state of late nights in a buddies basement in my late teens. Maybe we all had just played too much Halo,everything smelled like stale weed and sweat, and we just wanted to kick back with a DVD copy of a grungy looking anime from the 90's that had sick guitar riffs.. . Basically I remember generally liking Trigun, but not being particularly attached to it.. . So when the remake was announced, I said to myself "neat, I could revisit ...
I’m so disappointed. This anime would be 100 times better without Arajin but alas, he’s the main character. He’s not funny, he’s one of those annoying screechy characters that overreacts to everything, and as far as I can tell he’s just a coward and a simp. Not sure who wrote this drivel or how the hell it has such a high rating (I’m guessing 12 year old boys?) but it’s hot garbage. He’s always clutching his ass about to shit himself, he’s down bad for any girl that even glances in his direction, and he won’t talk to his friend because apparently apologizing is too ...
No way some of these mfs are saying this show was good, what are yall watching??? What other anime/media are you consuming to where you think something like this is good??. This is painfully average at most, pretty damn bad at least.. . None of the animation stood out, most of it looked like powerpoint slides, barely any fluidity whatsoever.. . The fanservice was mid at best, for a show this average, at least if they went all in on the ecchi, at least something would have stood out.. . The story was just nonexistent except for those last two episodes that actually had a storyline, everything else was just a “What ...
I am frustrated with how this anime is turning out.. Up till the big mom arc the series was good. The dresroa arc is great, Big mom was fine but then came the long anticepated Wano.. This is where this anime officialy crumbles in my eyes.. . From here on out every character turns into pure cringe. THe scipts of the characters is written like a 5 years old. Oda lost his writing skill and his ability to tell a story. Its sad but true. Watchign through Wano is just frustrating. Wano is pure and utter trash.. . The way characters are pictured even those do not hold up any longer.. When ...
This is the first time I have written a review of an anime adapted from a manhwa, which as is known, Solo Leveling was first announced at Aniplex Online Fest 2022 which took place in September 2022, but was continuously delayed until it finally aired in January 2024. . So, up to now in episode 6, I'm kind of like that.. There are several things that have been criticized about this anime where there are many scenes that are not important to see, where there are scenes like chatting or other things, detailed statistics that appear should be shown such as "fantigue", "cell phone" etc.. . This is why up ...
This anime had potential but just fizzled out and lost steam in my opinion after the first few episodes. There could have been more events where it was not so expected. When you watched over 150 anime, it starts to get real repetitive real fast, especially when it comes to romance type anime. What would have made this anime more enjoyable is if after maybe halfway into the show, the main protagonist starts to become more of a man and take action. Just became frustrating and lost all comedic value after the first few episodes. I was close to dropping this but just went on ...
This is not the first slice of life I watched. Place to Place may have been nice to watch casually back when it was new in 2012. However, it's 2024 and several better options to pick for the genre have been made over the years. Plus, other slice of life anime have SOMETHING to make them stand out. Here are a couple of examples. Is the Order a Rabbit? has its characters working part-time in cafes. The Demon Girl Next Door has the powers of light and darkness co-existing with each other. What does Place to Place have? A romantic comedy where the main female ...
first season was great, but after this season crashed and burned, i'm not continuing the series.. . the animation in this season is amazing, especially in the first five episodes and a vast majority of the fights. it's a far cut above the first and you can tell the animators were passionate. there were times where i rewinded just to see how a specific part was animated again.. ...and that's about all the praise i have for this season.. . the entire season is having an objective, saying "this is time sensitive, solve it as quickly as possible or everything will be destroyed" and then having every character go ...
This is one of the most stunning wastes of time I have ever seen hyped up to the level that it was.. . It was absolutely painful trying to get through each episode of "I hated my job but now I love my life." Not sure if there's any more depth beyond this concept later on, but it was nauseatingly predictable by episode 4. The characters are unlikable and annoying to the point that I question why I even watched this show.. . Is it for the funny gore? No because it's not funny, nor gory. Is it for the animation? Not really, it kind of fell off ...
It had a fun premise and I have no problem with Harem genre, but man is it a snooze fest to watch. If it had stronger comedy overall it could possibly solve some of the issues the story has, but beyond the mediocre gags that miss timing it actually keeps somewhat serious about the whole premise. It tries into lots of intimacy scenes and while fun at first it gets tiresome when his girlfriends (as promised) multiply and it gets ridiculous.. . Writing is atrocious and it could be enough if this ended up being hentai or ecchi, at least then it would make total sense. But ...
When you watch enough school romcom anime you will be able to discern the "low effort" shows much more quickly than some other people. There are generally "flags" that get triggered. This show wastes no time presenting those flags.. . 1. A "weak" male figure who makes his romantic interest his whole world while blushing many times even at the very thought of her? He makes his crush his whole personality? Acts like a doormat? Acts like the stereotypical cliche?. . 2. The crush is the popular girl that is "out of his league". . 3. The main guy's friends truly feel like background noise and look very generic....even resembling ...
In contemplating the cinematic endeavor under scrutiny, one is compelled to engage in an exploration of its less-than-stellar attributes. The anime in question, regrettably, fails to ascend to the heights of narrative sophistication or visual artistry that are often held as benchmarks within the medium. A disconcerting mélange of disjointed plotlines and an absence of nuanced character development renders the overall viewing experience an exercise in patience.. . This lack of narrative clarity, compounded by stilted dialogue exchanges and an undue reliance on trite tropes, substantiates the regrettable descent into mediocrity.. . Furthermore, the aesthetic dimension, a realm where anime traditionally excels, languishes in an abyss of substandard animation ...
A guy is isekaied as a pig in a pigsty, saved by a nice looking slave girl who is on her way to sacrifice herself but nobody knows why and nobody forces her, he will use his poor intellectual skills to try to help her sacrifice herself but he doesnt know why she does and don't even bother knowing.. . That show is the quintessence of fast food animes, one episode to try to hook you then a poor drop of the plot distilled in each episode to try to maintain your interest until the fall.. The art is basic and became worse after every episode, common to ...
"peak romcom, best romcom, masterpiece romcom bla bla bla". This show too generic and about trope "mob mc with heroine popular". . Look this, mc role mob with emocringe haircut and heroine dumb brain with random behavior make her cringe, but everyone liked her because have big boobs lmao. . Plot: 4/10. This plot not special for romcom, always heroine first take for action, and mob mc just go with the flow.. . Visual: 6/10. Things good from this anime is have good visual and available scene make up animation.. ...
Your Name is a romantic drama anime about two strangers who magically switch bodies and must navigate their unfamiliar life for a few days without being able to share what is going on. However, they ultimately manage to find one another and form a unique and heartwarming bond. While the plot is unique and interesting, the execution leaves quite a bit to be desired. The pacing is quite sluggish, and the dialogue and storytelling feel quite flat and dull at times. Plus, the animation is nothing to write home about.. . Despite having a unique and intriguing premise, I would not recommend Your Name. to those looking ...
Although I was really looking forward to the season, it was very disappointing. As the title describes, it's about the bride, who only played a miserable supporting role this season.. It's also not much about magic but about sorcery. From the first part to the last it was all about a budding sorceress named Philomela who just complained until the last part of the season, it was hardly bearable so I skipped most of the scenes with her. She was mostly annoying and infuriating, which led to me not liking the entire second season at all. Elias and Chise only play pathetic supporting roles, there was ...
After seeing so much hype and praise for this series as a classic of the romantic comedy genre I am left flabbergasted as to how this consensus came about. Is it from the lens of nostalgia? Are future seasons that much better than this first one? Is the original light novel significantly better? I am genuinely confused. This anime certainly wants people to believe it is a deep and serious show... except for all the times it devolves into unfunny unrealistic comedy.. . The entire point of mixing romance and comedy together is to balance each other to improve the experience for the viewer. Comedy can ...
I wish I could rate the first and second halves separately.. . What begins as a fantastic and enthralling ride with a diverse cast of characters set in a beautiful historic setting ends with a nonstop rollercoaster, and not the good kind. Abrupt, nonstop, splash introductions of characters, places, and powers that had no relevance at all until this very moment are suddenly slammed right into your face for the sake of hastily pulling together surprise twists or over-the-top battles. One second, it's a samurai drama, and the next, it's Sephiroth vs Goku: cheesy one-liner edition.. . I'd like to joke that the first half was written by someone ...
I’ll keep this review brief. I was drawn to this anime by the glowing 10/10 reviews, but unfortunately, my experience left me profoundly disappointed. Here’s why:. . Main Character Lacks Depth: The protagonist feels like an empty shell. Throughout the series, we’re bombarded with what seem like profound character revelations, but they fall flat. None of it feels earned, and the main character remains uninteresting to watch.. Superficial Depth: The anime is rife with scenes that attempt to be deep, reminded me of Avatar 2 honestly. However, these moments lack authenticity. Instead of being thought-provoking, they induce boredom. It’s like expecting a masterpiece and ending up with a ...
There is trash isekai that is insanely over the top.. There is trash isekai that is incredibly funny.. There is trash isekai that features a lot of fan-service.. There is trash isekai that is just fun to watch every week.. . However, this anime is none of those things, it's just pure trash.. It's like the author took pointers from every trash isekai in existence and thought that smushing it all together would create a magnum opus.. . Spoilers, it didn't.. . The MC is bland AF and is purely nonchalant about his ability - and despite the fact of it having almost no backstory (a tidbit in EP5), every time it's brought-up, ...
Didn't expect much from the synopsis and first episode but decided to give it a shot anyway. I wondered if they might be able to do something clever when main protagonist is so obviously overpowered. My thinking was that his power is not the center of the show and instead they could focus on some other aspects be it character development or world building.. . Nope!. . He's just overpowered and constantly bored, occasionally sleepy from being overpowered and constantly bored. Like many others have mentioned show is just flat. Subpar animation aside story has no idea where it's going or what it wants to do. It started as ...
I've never played a Bayonetta game. The only thing I know about her is she's my main in Super Smash Bros Ultimate. Maybe the reason I couldn't enjoy this is because this was strictly for the Bayonetta gamers, but even then it shouldn't have been this dull. I find the idea of a witch waking up after centuries and having to kill all these angels cool if I'm getting that right, but the presentation is so shallow. The animation isn't the worse but it's painfully average. The storytelling is so bad. Things just happen for ninety minutes and then roll credits. There's no excitement in ...
I usually try to hold off on reviews until I’ve actually finished the show, but I just don’t see this one getting any better. I really didn’t want to compare it to Kamisama Kiss but it’s pretty much impossible not to. This show really is just a not as good Kamisama Kiss.. . The pacing is really bad. A lot of stuff happens in every episode, but it happens so fast and with so little exposition that honestly it’s hard to care. They’ll give a character a two minute backstory then kill them off and one, expect to you care and two, expect you to believe ...
The anime started good with the boy having tragic accident in front of his eyes, all good. Now the real problem is when 10 years later he gets out he doesn't have anything on mind but destruction and I am not saying anything about he shouldn't do this but when they showed us that he played simulation over and over in his mind, I knew he clearly misunderstood human technology because there could be an advancement made in that 10 year time period. But he somehow manages even though he is ultimately saved by a witch. Now irony is how the f she(the witch) got ...
Initially I was interested in the first story being wrapped in mystery, and the magic system that uses crystal stones.However, after following all the episodes until waiting for the last episode which made me wait 1 month.My enjoyment turned into laziness with stiff animations when fighting enemies, drama stories that talked too much that annoyed me.And, the last episode where almost the entire animation is an image slideshow. I'm the type of person who likes to like all anime, but if the story point is just chat and stiff animation which makes me lazy to continue watching, sometimes I want to just finish watching it. ...
School Days: the anime that makes you question your life choices and wonder if you'd be better off pursuing a career as a professional rock collector. It's like they took a perfectly good teen drama and put it in a blender set to 'utter insanity.'. . First off, let's talk about the main character, Makoto. I've seen cardboard cutouts with more personality. He's the kind of guy who would probably choose a sandwich over his own girlfriend because it's less demanding.. . The animation quality is like a roller-coaster – not because it's thrilling, but because it goes up and down more times than a yo-yo on a ...
The world has been invaded by monsters, and it's up to one brave strong girl to save the day.. . Except she's not strong at all and all she ever accomplishes is getting herself raped and tortured by a variety of different monsters.. . How tragic.... if this was actually good. This is a horror anime, but shitty animation makes it anything but scary. The entire plot in addition to the shitty animation leaves you confused on what you're even watching. But who cares about plot and animation. At the end of the day, does it manage to get you off? Many hentais in the pass have suffered from ...
Save your self a couple hours and watch the abridged version, which mind you is much better than the OVA. The abridged version is much funnier, has a better story, and actual thought and effort put into it. Kirito who is a sad excuse of a main character compared to the bottom of the barrel isekais, like Arifureta, or the iPhone isekai, has little to no personality. Even though SAO was a pioneer of the isekai genre, although not being the best, has been majorly outclassed by isekais such as, Konosuba, That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime, Tsukumichi Moonlit Fantasy, Eminence in Shadow, ...
The MC is a simp who spends all 12 episodes harrassing her romantic interest. That's it, that's the whole show. The girl who's being lusted after is treated like a prize to be won from beginning to end -- often literally, via dumb contests. None of the characters have any depth, and there isn't much of a story. It's all contrivances to force the target to stay in close proximity with her pursuer. The magic stuff is all filler, it could lift right out. Not only does the MC never learn to take no for an answer, enablers convince her that backing down would mean ...
Objectively a stunning and beautifully well animated film with a premise that sounds interesting. However, falls flat with the express focus on making the abled-bodied comfortable with Shoko being a mary-sue that forgives her bully in the end (not stating that she has to be cruel to her bullies or that redemption isn't good, it just comes across as being flat and disinteresting with how little Shoko is fleshed out beyond her traumatic incidents) and has no further personality than being a shy, sweet, loveable but sad damsel in distress. I find this extremely distressing given the topic matter, and my own experiences with being ...
Goblin Slayer season 2 didn't do anything to advance the plot in any meaningful way. We waited years to see this second season only to get the same format. A bunch of filler episodes of them killing goblins. Is that so bad? No, but the story isn't going anywhere and the final episode used the same format as the first seasons final episode...they tease a bigger plot that you're simply not invested in. Sure, the characters have great designs and the animation is good enough, but we seemingly will never get backstories on our protagonists. I can't relate to and invest in any character in ...
Not worth the time, it's a bland story with unlikable characters. The main ones are so boring and it's hard to even try to stay interested or even not outright despise them. Story could have been a decent twist but it's just falls flat from the start. Can't recommend to anyone that I didn't want to torture by wasting their time. I don't think you can really classify this as isekai really? Besides the MC's victims. Art is bad too. Reactions to this show are really hot or miss, not sure how anyone could stomach this seriously. How many more words do I need? I'm ...
No matter what, the background music makes it unbearable to watch. Even if it was the greatest anime of all time I couldn't watch it because of the background music. Besides the music, its characters' drawing is very basic and awful. They don't even have shadows on them. No art whatsoever. The story had a great potential but they ruined it.. It is filled with tons of uninteresting regular daily life of the characters and most of the time nothing happens.. There are lots of slow paced anime that are really interesting. But this one is not one of them, there is not much to like. ...
Kuro no Shoukanshi (Black Summoner). is interesting in the first few episodes when MC starts his new life learning the world/system and building his team/party. After that, it's flat, pretty boring, and predictable. There is not so much drama, peak, or climax. The dude is strong (just like other Isekai MCs), and he has everything (Hot goddess waifu, Elf maid, Demon princess, Imouto, etc).. . The Art is decent at least, girls are cute.. The Animation is mediocre at best, fight scenes are just simple slashes and magic shooting, with some awkward CGI action. Voice acting is ok, Reina Ueda's sweet soothing sound fits the goddess nicely. I don't ...
This anime looked good at the start. Nice music, nice scenarios, nice style, etc... But the main character is so annoying, transformed a potentially good anime in just something annoying to watch.. . At first this anime was aiming very high, and after watching several boring cliches in the first and second episodes, (The thing about him being so simp, that he only thinks about fucking, that he shits literally every time he gets nervous), i thought that maybe it would improve for the rest but no. All the episodes are the same, the protagonist continues to contribute absolutely nothing, apart from throwing a punch at ...
“'What do you want?'. 'I want.... I want a chance to do it all again. To do it... right.' Tears showed in the Old Man's eyes. 'How ever did it go so wrong, Temple? I had so many advantages. So many opportunities. All squandered. All slipped away like sand through a glass. So many disappointments...'. 'Most of them you brought on yourself'. 'Of course.' Cosca gave a ragged sigh. 'But they're the ones that hurt the worst.”. ― Joe Abercrombie, Red Country. . Think about the biggest mistake you ever made, your biggest regret that you can never fix no matter how hard you try, the one fuckup that completely derailed your ...
This was one of the very first "girl" anime I watched when I was young. There was something about Kamisama Hajimemashita that really charmed me...However, after rewatching it, I really want to slam my head into a wall for thinking so fondly about this piece of trash for so long.. . The concept is neat, I like most of the character designs and I enjoy the potential this has...but I cannot put up Nanami. I HATE THIS FUCKING CHARACTER.. . Her romance with Tomoe is so unenjoyable. They're always bickering about literally nothing or Nanami will act like a complete DUMBASS by ignoring her role as a deity and ...
I think this show's writing is very sloppy and suffers from a lack of focus. I was expecting a cute romance with a fantasy royalty backdrop, but I ended up getting poorly realized political drama and flimsy worldbuilding, with a little romance on the side.. . I'm usualy not one to fuzz about stuff like this but I think the magic system, the basis for the entire setting, is kinda wack. It's like they decided the names of the spells before they invented them. Like, how did the work of the old masters end up at "Water Hammer?"*. . *water hammer = a hammer made out of water. (╯▔皿▔)╯. . The ...
This is probably one of the weakest shows airing this season. It is not enjoyable to watch. It does not give any emotions (to me) other than annoyance. The story and the world could be interesting but as of episode 5, I have seen nothing good/interesting other than our MC’s sister has moving ahoge due to lore. This could have been better without the direct mention of RPG game elements. For example- skills and unique skills, HP number, Shield Number, Cooldowns etc. But it feels worse than RPG games because...well, it’s not a game but a story set in a fictional world where people are ...
Show, don't tell. It's one of the very basics of storytelling, especially when you're talking about series/movies etc.... And this show, sadly, like to tell A LOT.. . Instead of showing a girl been anxious through her body alone, you have her doing a cringe monologue in the middle of a crowded corridor.. If a character dare to have fun, he HAS to explicitely shout it, several times per episodes, or we would not guess it at all. It even drag down the pace of fights.. It turns the two main characters in an obnoxious version of themselves. Worse, there's even a narrator despite there be no need for one ...
One of the worst anime I've ever watched.. . *Dumb character motivations. . *Zero character development. . *Senseless plot. . *Power system is inconsistent.. . ...
Listen, I know, sometimes they need to censor scenes for the actual broadcasting, but this is just ridiculous. It doesn't show anything: all the 'important parts' are covered by a cat sticker in an almost mocking way. They're not subtle at all, and that's terribly irritating. What even is the point of watching it, then? Surely not for the plot or the characters, because those are abysmally generic and uninspired. It's stuff I've seen done way better a dozen times.. . Highschool DxD showed boobs and butts more than a decade ago and even managed to slap a hint of plot into it (enough not to make ...
I decided to watch this because I’ve seen some clips that caused me to be interested. The premise is an interesting one, but I feel it wasn’t executed well. I was watching the episodes on 2x speed yet I still found myself bored, and scrolling through my phone after each episode I finished.. . A little rant:. I think fan service can be tasteful, but I did not enjoy it in this anime. I know the type of fan service in this is often used in others too, but I don’t enjoy it in those either! I hate the sexualization of high school kids so much! It ...
The show is a lazily written, jumbled mess of plot points that go nowhere, details that end up being irrelevant, characters that are shallow, and graphic scenes that are just shoved in for shock value. The writing of Valvrave is just shallow in general. The writers tried to come up with all these deep thematic conflicts that are supposed to be super emotional, but they never actually flesh out any of these ideas, to the point where the just seem like they're just thrown in there for no particular reason, leaving the show as a cluttered mess of barely half-baked eye-candy.. . One example of this ...
So, this show could have been cute and fun, but it was one of the most boring shows I’ve ever watched.. . I had a lot of issues with this show from the start. One of the first things I noticed was how it suffers heavily from the same face syndrome. The characters have such bland designs that I can barely tell them apart and their personalities do not make it better as they are very surface level.. This is supposed to be a comedy romance show. It completely failed at that. There wasn’t a moment in the show that I thought this was funny. The comedy was ...
Anime is bad, music is bad, and the story is weird.. but not in a good way... . Also besides 2 of the characters I kinda hated all of them.. Whoever voiced acted Lilium is terrible.. Literally made me want to tear my ears out.. . Graphics and coloring is decent. and opening is good.. But there is nothing driving the story.. If you like "average guy taking baths, gets lucky with girls sometimes." then go ahead.. But the jokes are pretty cringe and the story is just boring... . . Might come back in a few years to this.. But honestly probably won't, I really love Isekai anime, even the trash ...
People still continue to support and watch this series when the mangaka has been charge with kiddie porn and all he got was fine. Just a remake of the classic.. . Pretty disgusting by Japan and the studio to still give this man money and people to watch. Nothing like remaking a old classic even after the author has been outed. Disgusting don’t support this persons work ever. Shameful. Story isn’t unique its just a rehash of the old show with nothing new added in. The fact that people are just ok with letting this show be back after the author was outed for ...
Reading the synopsis, I thought this show would be a misunderstanding comedy.. . I got scammed. You'd think that appointing a weak vampire who can't drink blood as a general that has to fight in war, deal with rebels who want to overthrow her, and command armies would be fun to watch. Terakomari, the protagonist would have to jump through hoops and manage her troops stringently in order to survive. In many cases, she will have to pretend she's smarter than she is, stronger than she is, and more ruthless than anybody else. All while being a hikikomori that wants nothing more than to lounge in bed.. . But ...
The show is just garbage even on the foundations it stands upon. First of all is just the premise itself. Charlotte gets framed for her crimes and she lives as a live-in maid in return for Allen sheltering her from arrest. This is just such a cringe wish-fulfillment story from the get-go, but the most embarrassing thing is that there isn't even a semblance of Charlotte wanting revenge, wanting to clear her crimes up, and to be honest, Charlotte doesn't even have a personality in the first place. In fact, you could have removed everything about Charlotte being framed as a criminal and just have ...
Absolutely dog shit! Not recommended at all.. . Story starts from were it ended, nothing too extraordinary MC forgets his mother and again started to fuck around, basically he only think from his dick, mopping over Eris left him, he got so delusion about it that he got ED well what would you expect from a pedophile.. . animation was pretty mediocre in 2nd season only priority scenes were well animated.. . Sound design was pretty medicore as well as the OsT, there's litrally nothing to expect anything from the MC.. . Author need to just make a hentai it would be far better for him, everyone in the series is ...
Don’t watch if watching your protagonist do dumb things triggers you. The main characters are stupid at best and fall for obvious traps all the time. There is nothing innovative or interesting about this anime. Pretty trash story and even worse action. Every second watching this makes me wish all of the characters would die to make the main character actually develop some.. . Take any situation and you’ll see the characters react the worse way possible. It’s almost like the author is trying to convince you that there is a story by making the characters purposely fail to generate more plot instead of using their ...
I don't watch mystery themed works most of the time, but I was lured by the visuals and the synopsis while browsing through mystery anime one night. The Mystic Archives of Dantalian had a wonderful first episode, but the more progress I made, the less impressed I got, and the ending was just an epic fail. I really wanted to not put this anime in the red zone, but after attempting a second chance at it, it's clear to me that I truly dislike it.. . The Mystic Archives of Dantalian is a historical fiction anime that takes place in England after World War I. The main ...
A new protagonist! New characters! Terrible plot. It feels like a bad nickelodeon kids show where the good guys with terrible humor fight the same villain but with different colors. It's best like it is, no thrill, suspense or danger. Just a unfunny annoying main character that is deformed and disgusting to look at. Yeah I know i'm hating, but can you genuinely tell me that they didn't try to sneak in one of the most annoying and ugly main characters of all time? How do you go from Meliodas to... percival... (the dude not the name, the name is sick). . None of the characters have ...
Honestly, Helck is disappointing. The show starts off really well as a strong comedy, however as the show progresses almost all the comedic elements disappear and we are left with a stereotypical shounen action show. It includes all the tropes that I hate in shounen action, such as the MC being strong enough to stop everything that happens but standing by and watching all his friends be defeated because he's sad, or being able to stop pretty much any attack but not being around when attacks occur due to random details from the plot or just standing around waiting to join the fight for some ...
It's a Puella Magi Madoka Magica wannabe parody that can't do anything right, the plot is all over the place, the villains are all badly stupidly written with nothing to go for, companions' background is not properly developed, and for some godawful reason, they had to add a beach episode. . Its worst sin, it deviates a lot from the manga's story but not for the better, were it a faithful but incomplete manga adaptation I would have been slightly generous with my rating, but only slightly. . If someone wants to know the anime/manga differences, here they are below:. . Chapters 01-17 - there are differences.. Chapters 18-31 - ...
The first two episodes of this show were interesting and I was hoping to see how well the story and the characters would develop, but its flaws quickly became apparent.. . This show has very annoying characters, the main character especially is painfully dumb in social interactions, the show makes it seem like she sees her life as a game still which is fine and interesting, but at the same time ignores her knowledge of the game when it comes to the boys and the protagonist - surely befriending the original main character Alicia is a hard task since she was a controlled character which makes her ...
As others have said; Cope.. . This hardly sets itself apart from the COUNTLESS titles of the same mediocre game HUD based isekai-esque drivel flooding anime since SAO.. . MC: The same underdog story of dreg chaff being blessed with rule breaking special skills and plot armor.. . Plot: The same mindless punching bags from all other isekais of the type. The same attractive and graceful Mary Sue’s, the same male supporting characters who are bland as sin.. . Art and sound: The same baseline as literally any other comparable series.. . Seriously, how does reach an 8? I could only imagine that it’s fan-boy inflation. SIGH.
the anime start out good, the premise is unique but not uncommon... but then it keep showing how pathetic MC is, and the only girl appearing is so damn cringy, what a waste of potential. . I myself stopped watching mid episode 4, I can stand the first 2 episodes but the latest 2 episodes are boring and I'm getting impatient that I mostly fast forward, so I decided to dropped it, but if you like this kind of anime troupe with annoying girl and pushover MC then go ahead. . second ML and the girl's brother were much better in personality and aura
They just be teleporting to the next plot point world feels empty with tons of holes i wanted a show about world building similar to mushoku tensei or Frieren but its on the same level or worse than isekai that are low 6* not an 8.03* maybe my expectations were too high as it is so highly rated.. . The art is good its no jjk or demon slayer but for 2014 its better than i expected.. . Watch if you are interested in the premise and will read the manga after as it doesn't finish or even get to a good end point.
There are wish fulfillment power fantasies and then there are wish fulfillment power masturbatory sessions. This is the latter. There's not even the faintest effort made to disguise it as a wanna-be meaningful story. I've never seen a series so blatantly and unashamedly turn its main character into God overnight – literally. I’m convinced that this is someone's Sword Art Online fanfiction that somehow accidentally got made into an anime. You cannot change my mind.. . In the span of 5 minutes of screen time, the protagonist goes from the zeroest zero to have ever zeroed in the history of zeroes, to the Kiritoest Kirito to have ...
Despite having a lot of knowledge when it comes to Isekai shows, this one is painfully flat. It's not one of you typical generic isekai but the entire thing is a mess. I know the author is trying to add some depth but it doesn't blend well.. . The story didn't matched the tone and entire aesthetic of this anime. They are trying to make it somewhat of a power fantasy with edgy and cheesy aesthetic but it doesn't work. The atmosphere and theme keeps jumping. The way they handled it on the anime is such a misopportunity because the premise is actually promising.. . The characters except for ...
Pupa is yet another entry in the vast array of horrendous anime; bad animation, worse narrative. That about sums it up.. . But why did it end up like this? Why did this show, which started off at least a bit interesting, though not good, end up as this terrible, hated show?. . In one word - Nonsense.. . Nothing, absolutely NOTHING, even in the context of where the story was trying to go, made any sense at all. Characters were supposed to go down a certain path, but instead, subverting even their own expectations, went down the path of psychedelics and the occasional acid trip. Also, WHY WAS THERE INCEST?. . Music ...
College animation enthusiast meets anime and ends up forgetting everything they were taught. This basically sums up the show.. . Hanoka is a failure in the true sense of the word. Everything it could have done right was done horrendously wrong. Even fanmade animations for horrendous PS1 games, whipped up in an hour or so, have something redeemable about them. Not this one though.. . The story is beyond incoherent - it's just utter nonsense. Nothing in the show is meant to make sense. Everything good about the narrative could probably be summed up in a singular sentence. And, even then, it would be the most random sentence ever ...
Tldr: imagine a t3 vtuber sub, being as creasy and slimy as possible trying to mansplain his cringe self fullfilment fantasy on some weird reddit and you get this.. . Ok to be fair i saw this many times being recommended and always thought to my self this sound so bad... like really bad... but the reviews seem actually good, so maybe just maybe it isnt nearly as bad as i imagine it... well it was even worse.. . The whole pacing, storytelling and all other aspects are complety of and make no, sense.. The whole story is just stupid, everything could be explained as bad guys have red glow ...
Good start but as anime progresses new rules and "exceptions" to said rules kill any suspense and overall enjoyment for me.. . 1. I watched 15th episode just now and I still don't know what's the motivation for any action antagonist does (Like what a heck??). . 2. I started to continuously think to myself each episode after episode 8 or so "if this is how things gonna be resolved than author can just make anything happen from this point on". Like both sides just go through such ridiculous "powercreep" so you can't guess who have an upper-hand and what should the protagonist's side do at any ...
Sooo, im on hunt for good and forgotten old animes, or underrated. . My first tought was that this anime was horrible, and i got right hahahaha. Only 25 mins, there`s not a lot of time to develop anything, that`s true, but everything is so childiss. That`s a great sadness that we couldn`t get anything good out of this anime. There`s some holes in the plot that you can`t understand, because it has only 25 mins ahahah. So you will or not ahahah, see just some random episode without any context. . I did not enjoy watching this anime, maybe the target public was very young children. Do i think you reading, or ...
everything happened so quickly for me while watching the first episode. we are dragged into the plot before we even get to know the characters. first of all, yuki is a college student who was born deaf. i wanted to see a better reflection of someone who has been deaf since a child and has had to live in a ableist society... like it would've been nice to see who yuki was, her individuality, and her struggles growing up. very difficult to understand that yuki is a university student if they had not shown the university at times,i would have thought that yuki was in ...
Wow, this wasn't good. It felt so boring. Too much weirdness for me. Bro is going way too crazy over them. Not enough blood like the first. She doesn't hit him as much as she did before. The last episode I was just super bored and wanted it to end. Over all I don't recommend this season. I am glad I watched it but it was just so meh. I know this show has a lot of fanservice but I liked the first season because at least it made me laugh at times. This one, not really at all. The intro is so catchy still. ...
This film earns a solid 1 from me due to its frustrating elements.. . Despite surviving a bombing, Setsuko tragically cannot withstand the consequences of her brother Seita's stupid decisions.. . Seita consistently opts for the worst possible choices, leading directly to Setsuko's death from malnutrition—even though they had funds available in the form of their mother's savings. This plot point is not only implausible but also diminishes the overall quality of the narrative.. . The artwork, while commendable, cannot redeem the film from the shortcomings of its poorly conceived protagonist, Seita.. . I cannot recommend "Grave of the Fireflies" and wish I could reclaim the time spent watching it.
This Attack on Titan special is a collection of comedy skits. The first two episodes both have two skits and the rest of the episodes all have three skits. The skits all take place at the training camp and the important characters are the attack on titan cast from around episode 3. The skits sometimes reference events that happened in the main anime but they don't add to them in any way.. . The humour in the skits didn't appeal to me and they are somewhat repetitive. For example all skits end with the characters being eaten by the colossal titan which gets boring after 20 ...
The manhwa was a bad story with cardboard characters wish-fulfillment self-insert wankfest done (semi-)interestingly. You weren't bored, you had fun, you waited for more, and were glad to get to read more. Anime is plain bad, the only redeeming thing is that the budget is bigger than that of a typical run-of-a-mill isekai. The way anime handled character growth made me cringe about as much as something like Iseleve, with the typical "I was meh, but now plot device made me tall, shredded, with a cool anime hairstyle, girls wet themselves just by seeing me, and also I shit on semi-strong peers by how strong ...
This is a series that I desperately wanted to like, and it does have the occasional good moment, but generally speaking, this is a story with interesting ideas that is constantly failed by poor writing.. . The core ideas here - a story about a group of boys that bond while being abused at a reformatory school in 1950s Japan, and which follows them after their release and into adulthood - are loaded with potential, and that brotherly bond between the characters is easily the strongest part of the series. The storytelling ambition to progress through its story and the lives of its characters rather than muddling ...
It's just a bunch of edgy nonsense... Nearly half the season has aired and it still hasn't begun to even attempt to weave a narrative... Each character if given a half to full episode of introduction and "backstory" but its mostly done through dialogue with a few flashbacks.. . What it has going for it:. - Its a novel concept, maybe not all that original but definitely not overdone either.. - Okay action scenes. - Okay animation (when it isn't overusing CGI extremely poorly).. . What it does wrong:. - It has too many characters to really be invested in them. Furthermore, once a character is introduced, we dont really see them again. ...
#6. . This anime has made me angry is so many ways. Its like the most depressing thing ever, and there is absolutely no sympathy towards the main character. There was not a single instance where the main character didn’t feel like a complete dick. Just because you want or miss something, doesn’t mean that you need it. I can’t help but feel bad for a certain character. The ending and decisions made throughout the show are so disappointing and inhuman to be honest. The story is poopoo, and the characters are all whiny babies. Boo hoo that things didn’t go the way they seemed like they ...
Nobody who recommends this has any taste, and definitely has no standards. There is nothing unique nor great about this series, and no part of it is laudable in any way. It is as bland as it gets, which, due to the Goblin Slayer title/vibe, makes it absolutely awful.. . Nobody dies* or gets hurt, nor does anybody get raped. (*except for some bg characters that are never introduced, have no names, and never show up again). . Starting a story with a party wipe & a rape sets a tone, sets some expectations, and definitely sets a standard. This series (this half, ig) has none of those. Violence ...
Blue Lock is not a sports anime. Blue Lock is a sports-flavored action show that uses its “sport” to peddle absolutely backwards ideas that make no sense. I am convinced that the author of Blue Lock is an alien who came to Earth and only learned about both soccer and human society by watching Japan's losing games.. . The premise of Blue Lock is that a national soccer training program is instated in which a bunch of the nation's best young male soccer players are trapped inside a facility that treats them like prisoners, withholding basic rights and amenities unless they prove that they’re better than everyone ...
No matter how many n number of episodes there... this MC will still be a wimpy pussy piece of crap till the end... It is even more irritating to hear the voice of MC's... I hope to anyone new to skip this if you can't tolerate such!!!. . The protagonist's constant indecisiveness and lack of growth throughout the numerous episodes make it incredibly challenging to invest emotionally in the storyline. The character's continual reliance on others for support, coupled with a seemingly perpetual state of weakness, detracts from the overall enjoyment of the narrative. The voice acting further exacerbates the issue, as the monotonous delivery fails to ...
For some time now, I've wanted to write a review about this anime. I think it's good to express my opinion on this work since in addition to practicing my writing a little, I can also express some points about this anime. From now on, this review will be extremely negative so feel free to disagree with my opinion.. I was at the beginning of 2022 (my god how fast time passes) and I came across a new anime from CloverWorks, a producer that despite some disasters like The Promissed Neverland and Darling In The Fraxx, knows how to make good anime like Spy x Family, ...
(ENG vers.). It seemed to be fun, but the story is very drawn out and boring, and the first episode is the one that suffers most from this, mainly because it is almost 50 minutes long. Basically, throughout this enormous length, the only relevant events are found near the end, while the rest of the episode is just tedious to watch. Furthermore, the work lacks satisfactory animation and charismatic characters.. . ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. . (PT-BR vers.). Parecia ser divertido, mas a história é muito arrastada e maçante, e o primeiro episódio é o que mais sofre disso, principalmente por ter quase 50 minutos de duração. Basicamente, em toda essa enorme duração, os ...
Both of these Gaiden series are basically just the author wanking himself off by having his ultra smart MCs repeatedly go up against and humiliate braindead troglodytes who are also evil and beat their wives and all want to kill him. It would be funny if it wasn’t so pathetic.. . The only one that’s somewhat interesting is the Yang one and the “Retriever” story because there are parts of it that don’t follow this formula. All of the other ones are basically the exact same story told in different ways.. . This series also exemplifies that explaining everything in a story is not always a good idea. While ...
A potentially wasted anime... Truly beautiful, but an underdeveloped plot... When I read the synopsis, I was genuinely excited, but I quickly closed it, experiencing bouts of frustration. The series throws you into a random point and says, "Now figure it out." Despite having only 5 episodes, I couldn't understand why the character is in the other world; the character's motivation is good, but it's glossed over in less than 10 seconds each time. The power dynamics are already lacking... Okay, maybe you tried to create something beautiful by combining short stories, but the failure is evident. However, if you only want to watch a ...
Incredibly low effort anime. Doesn't feel like anyone cared about this show. The animation is really janky looking, no detail, action is fluid, but still very low effort. Characters are kind of amusing, but also kind of annoying. Also not really any depth of any kind there. Mostly the same for the story, no depth and poor world building. Pacing is meh, slow, but at least it moves. Voice acting leaves a lot to be desired, no stand out performances and I find the main character to be grating. Soundtrack is lame, not terrible, but very forgettable. Op is actually pretty good though, but the ...
I'm somewhat pissed that I wasted my time on this godforsaken anime, instead of watching or finishing Fieren (which is peak fiction btw) I get my ass pulled to this anime by force by my weird asf friend. At first, things seemed kinda interesting until you dug deeper and finally realized how shitty this anime is, the plot is absolute garbage and is focused on Yogiri's overpowered ability. I can honestly say that this is worse compared to the Umineko anime. I honestly dgaf if you all don't like my opinion on this cringe, trashy, crappy isekai, fanservice mumbo jumbo bullshit show
Ah, the tangled web of reincarnation and redemption—a journey where the quest for greatness meets the struggle against the perils of... erectile dysfunction? Mushoku Tensei II: Isekai Ittara Honki Dasu, a tale where the hero's rise to the occasion falls flat, quite literally.. . The premise is as peculiar as it gets—an old man shuffles off the mortal coil only to be reborn as a child, yet retains the wisdom (and presumably other attributes) of his adult self. A narrative twist that's enough to make one's head spin faster than a roulette wheel at a carnival.. . The first season tiptoed along the fine line between intrigue and absurdity, ...
behold the bittersweet symphony of anime, where dreams collide with reality, and the line between greatness and mediocrity blurs into obscurity.. . Enter Yumemiru Danshi wa Genjitsushugisha, a tale that dances upon the precipice of potential, only to stumble and fall into the abyss of forgettable mediocrity.. . The premise, though intriguing in its infancy, suffers under the weight of poor dialogue, stagnant character growth, and an overall lackluster plot—a trifecta of disappointment that leaves one yearning for more.. . Picture this: a boy, ensnared by the siren song of unrequited love, embarks upon a journey of self-discovery in the pursuit of realism. His obsession with a girl, once the cornerstone ...
Ah, the trials and tribulations of delving into the depths of anime, only to emerge with a tale of woe and disappointment.. . Enter Eiyuu Kyoushitsu, a series that promised so much, yet delivered so little—a veritable labyrinth of clichés and missed opportunities.. . Picture this: a hero reincarnated into a school of heroes, a premise ripe with potential, yet squandered in the pursuit of mediocrity. Our protagonist, already powerful beyond measure, finds himself mired in a quagmire of predictability, his only true development lying in the formation of his harem.. . Oh, the irony of it all! In a world brimming with possibility, our hero finds himself shackled by the ...
We've all seen an episode of Pokémon when we were kids, or at least heard about the adventures of Ash and his Pikachu. That's why it hurts to give such a rating to this anime, but in all objectivity, it doesn't deserve more.. . Since this review is in English, I'll use the English names of the series, as depending on where you grew up, you may not have known the characters or Pokémon by the same name. For example, in Japan, the heroes are called Satoshi, Takeshi, and Kasumi, while in France, my home country, they are named Sacha, Pierre, and Ondine. However, I will use ...
All head no shaft. There really is no point to this anime even at 5 episodes in.. . After having watched a lot of mid-tier forgettable Isekai this one might be among the most boring.. . Bland Power-fantasy Isekai that, much like the protag’s power is far lazy to actually make anything make sense or even be slightly interesting. It starts promising with the entire class getting Isekai’d and setting up most of the class, who were blessed with special abilities by the sage princess, as antagonists by leaving those that weren’t trapped on the bus to act as bait for a dragon. The lack of a blessing doesn’t ...
This review will be a little brief in content due to the situations of watching this film. In truth, it was somewhat of a confusing and sloppy story in comparison to future movies that were made by better creators. The plot, interestingly enough, would create an interesting plot revolving on the kin of the Greek Gods desiring revenge from a supposed curse on their mother. However, this movie fails to bring out interesting character journeys or development with their tale. Even more detrimental is how meandering the story is, going from one setting to another without having any time for the audience immerse themselves. Even ...
Considering the enjoyment the 1st season brought to many people, myself included, I was extremely exited about season 2.. . CONS:. - No development for characters. Everyone seems just unbelievably dumb. - Villians are just....bad, might as well not exist at all.. - The humor is bad. 12 episodes, not sure I even smiled once, let alone laugh. Maybe if I were 7yo would have been better. - You can see the entire seasson in about 30 minutes. You can litterely skip through pretty much everything and just watch 5-8 minutes here and there just so you know who that caracter is and you are not actually ...
I think this was one of the most popular manhwa/manga before becoming an anime, but being popular doesn't always equal good.. From the title and art alone I wasn't impressed, seems like another story using the rule of cool by showing off their edgy MC (main character) being much more OP than everyone else by grinding and having all the girls fall for him later by sacrificing good writting and trying to make the bland-looking MC like a self-insert, maybe that's also fault of other animes with the same flaws leaving that bad experience (looking at you Sword Art Online), so let's see how this holds ...
This show has a lot of trouble letting the main character fail, but it also never lets him succeed as a character.. . The show has a decent premise, the ruler of a kingdom who isn't really the most enthusiastic about being said ruler, and would rather use the new position to enrich himself, possibly to the realm's detriment. I thought this was a pretty decent plot, fantasy is a very saturated genre and having a non-altruistic protagonist is usually a fresh breath of air.. . Unfortunately, the show doesn't seem to care much for this plot, and focuses much more on the interpersonal politics between members of the ...
Sexual Harassment & Objectification : The Anime. . Every single episode goes like :. 1. Female Character is hanging out. 2. Everyone : Wow she is so hot, wow I wanna do her, she is "right up my alley". 3. The only characters that are a threat to the protagonist are *women*. 4. The only value any female character has in this series is either their legs, their "silky hair" or their beautiful face.. . This is definitely a male only series. Can't wait for the future where anime writers find other uses for female characters other than the above.. . ...
This show appears to be a girl power-trip fantasy.. It's a kind of isekai where the main character keeps her knowledge of medicine from the modern world as well as some knowledge of future events.. . After that point, the story doesn't really make much sense.. In a nutshell she knows everything, can do everything and nobody seem to wonder how nor why. There are enough hints to tell her knowledge can only be supernatural. In a pure display of lazy writing, one character has a brief thought about it, but discards it as impossible (see: to hang a lantern).. Of course, everybody likes the main protagonist. There also ...
Since one piece is not gonna end its story soon, I've decided to probably be done with it by myself. I feel disrespected by Toei and Oda. I've thought I'd list flaws that discourage me from continuing further.. . 1. Pacing Issues: Obvious objective flaw. Having slow pacing, extensive flashbacks, boring fillers and drawn-out fights don't put it in a good spot. Do you remember overhyped and terribly prolonged Gear 5 fight? It should've lasted 1-2 eps at best, not 5 eps. C'mon. Enough of this milking shit!. . 2. Art Style Evolution: Art style has evolved over the years. You could say it's inconsistent. I feel that the ...
First time review, please bear with me as I attempt to express my frustrations with this anime.. . Seems promising if it weren't for the protagonist not shutting up for five minutes to be able to enjoy the actual action.. If they just removed 90% percent of the dialogue and exposition, it would greatly improve it.. It frustrates me because it does seem promising, but I just can't stand the guy blabbing and explaining every little thought and action like I'm five years old, not every thought or action needs to be explained, the viewer should be given the courtesy to infer from the scenes alone.. . Story wise, barely four ...
Sadly, a lot of really great work gets spoiled buy the subpar conjurings of an author. There is no story here. There was no story in season 1 also. But, the hope was that that was a setup season. It wasn’t. There is just no story to be had here. No characters. No character arcs. No growth. No story. It’s just a D&D game with generic characters preforming their stereotypical actions and interactions. The characters aren’t even multiclassed, which could have at least made character interactions potentially more interesting. Nope, every character does/says exactly what that character would do. Every racial conflict between characters is ...
Over complicated, unfocused and incoherent. . Princess dies after a revolution and gets reborn into the modern world, where she decides to becomes a surgeon, until she dies again and returns back to her world, before the events leading to her death... Why such over complicated premise for such a simple topic as "the princess is an isekaied surgeon"?. . Then she proceeds to apply her modern knowledge of medicine into a medieval world... where somehow not only no one questions where did she randomly get such level of what should be considered otherworldly knowledge about medicine, but also every medic in this medieval setting have at least the ...
Where Season 1 was curious to watch with the new world, story building and as it was setting up rules, it felt like there might be something good to come out of it in the future, but with how Season 2 is I don't expect it anymore.. There is barely any dialogues, bonding or character build up in general. It's just fight after fight after fight, with another fight. In which everyone keeps pulling shit out of their asses with disregard to any rules.. I could watch the fights themselves without expecting anything else, but honestly what is up with the style choices for the animations? They ...
Kekkon Yubiwa Monogatari, a tale that attempts to weave the threads of harem allure with the grandeur of an isekai adventure. However, as our journey unfolds, it becomes apparent that the path to success is fraught with perilous pitfalls, not of the humorous variety, mind you, but rather steeped in cringe-worthy antics.. . Picture this: our protagonist whisked away to another world, tasked with a formidable mission to save it from impending doom. His arsenal? Marriage to multiple maidens, each a key to unlocking the power necessary to combat the nefarious demon lord. Quite the predicament, isn't it?. . Now, dear reader, imagine if this anime embraced its comedic ...
I hope it's not a pattern to find 3D anime movies, adapted from great material, turned into the most typical, middle of the road, waste of time.. . For beginners, this is the pinnacle of strange adaptations. From a period story on the old times of Japan, to a Sci-fi overhaul, using the same characters, themes, in a whole new context. I was more than intrigued; fascinated even. To put it shortly, this isn't a good adaptation, or a good movie, really. It's an amalgamation of concepts, plot points, all used from the book it comes from, but without the nuance they were packed with. At ...
Some people call it Slice of life, I call it Slice of your time!!. . It was like Disney remaking old movies and making it lgbt!. . These people wanted to “remake” rom-com…. . The only good thing I could say about this is that their art is good, you can notice it specially on the hair of the characters. The sound was pretty good too, I mean the big dawgs produced this…. Anyways, save your time…. . How the hell do you make a romance anime between a guy and a girl to then make the guy gayish for absolutely no fkn reason at the end ? Bro before they made the ...
Being regarded as a classic of the slice-of-life comedy genre, I was prepared to enjoy Azumanga Daioh. Unfortunately, it's just not funny.. . Where other slice-of-life comedies such as Nichijou and Lucky Star create characters from which comedy can arise, Azumanga tries to make the characters themselves the entire joke, relying on repetitive one-note gags based on character's quirks: Chiyo-chan is cute, Osaka is dumb, Sakaki-san is aloof but likes cute things, etc. And I mean it when I say it's repetitive - the first time Sakaki gets bit by a cat, it's not very funny. The tenth time Sakaki gets bit by a cat, with ...
I recently watched the anime “Fuuka”. Would I recommend this? No not really. Its Your average semi romcom, the unique part being they like music and start a band. Yeah that is sure so unique. There is a love triangle so on.. Oh, and the Mc’s girlfriend when they were kids, is a multimillion-dollar popstar that is a gyatt gyaru girl. And they made a promise when they were kids that they would get married.. I love how the sisters in this series are always naked, in their words it’s okay because they are family. The gay boy that is too attractive to like girls. ...
If the Tearmoon Kingdom novel series is a 10/10, then I'd give the anime adaption a 5/10, thus the score.. . Seriously, I haven't seen such a bad adaptation that tries to adapt faithfully to the novels. Indeed, the anime only covers two volumes, and it covers every single story point. However--and I am absolutely shocked--the anime still just sucks so much.. . If I had to describe one thing about this show, it'd be cheap. It's not just the obvious telltale signs too, but down to the roots of the show. First of all, is the art. The art is extremely generic. I won't really go into Silver ...
Chained soldier is a really bad ecchi with terrible story development.. . For the characters, your MC is just an average virgin loser with barley any character to himself, his personality is probally the blandest and mundane of all and it just makes him super boring and painstaking to watch, the girls in Chained solider are just walking fan service, they also have a really average and weak background of "No one believed in me so I'm going to become super strong".. . The animation is also hot trash in which for a 2024 anime adaptation is NOT good looks.. . The fighting scenes of this anime aren't really immersive, ...
This was the worst movie I've ever seen in my whole life. Yes, I'm aware that this was directed by Goro Miyazaki and not Hayao Miyazaki so I adjusted my expectations. However, after watching the movie, I now understand why Hayao Miyazaki walked out of his son's film to take a smoke break. Halfway through this film, I wanted to just stop watching altogether but I finished to give it a fair chance.. . The pacing was bad, the story was bad, the characters were hollow. I could not give a fck about the characters or the story by the second half of the film, and ...
Plot sucks, generic isekai like you could expect from a show like this, not even ridiculous concepts to make it a bit interesting or funny.. Character designs are ugly, they use the thick eyebrow style and it suffers a bit from the characters looking too similar, partly because the author has no idea how to create stylish characters and they have shitty haircuts like the ones I get IRL.. Nipples art is bad, there's no blending and the boob animation is very unrealistic. There's no explicit sex scenes, or at least none as of this review so it'll be minimal or non-existent in the show, there's barely ...
I didn't like it at all. I was expecting an anime where the protagonist engages in various battles, but seriously, he doesn't fight even once. He is introduced as an assassin, but doesn't assassinate anyone. There's no character development, just a basic introduction followed by a time skip. The anime tries to sell a skilled protagonist who will do amazing things with his strategy, but the assassinations aren't even properly depicted. In the end, the anime attempts to address many elements and ends up accomplishing nothing effectively. There is no development for any character, including the romantic partners of the protagonist. There are no battles ...
Its as if the bl industry hasn’t been going on for over 20 years. When will they stop adding unnecessary intimate scenes to a good bl, they moved too fast imo but it cant be blamed since it was just a movie, yet they still decided to add a useless intimate scene that was, in my opinion, disguised cherry coated r*pe. Awful T_T i do not recommend this to anyone, it’s like if love stage and junjou romantica got mixed together. (Both awful fetishizing animes btw). Why can’t we as an audience get something that’s not toxic or fetishizing T_T just please if you want ...
I wanted to like this show, but its pacing is way too fast. Impactful scenes will happen so quickly that the character interactions feel inorganic. For instance, there’s a few scenes where Nue goes against bad youkai and struggles to protect Himari. However, this happens so quickly that the scene ultimately amounts to Himari going “No, Nue!!” and Nue finds the strength to beat the youkai. They then feel glad that the other is safe and then the next scene proceeds with little time to breathe. Being based on youkai, there’s a lot of lore to the world and cast, but it’s dumped on the ...
I have not seen love is war, this is not going to be a comparison.. So far its OK, @MEH.. Its okay funny, i did laugh lol. Not enough as prison school.. But yeahh, what can you really say, i guess this is just this winter season slop. Just eat it up you will not get fat or anything,. . Plot is easy. They will hate each other, they will go on date but not as lovers, there will be a beach episode, A episode where they are at a carnival. So on. At the end they will still be enemies but, don't hate each other, maybe ...
This anime/manga is not a romance anime, it is a hentai. The protagonist is poop, he is a bad person. The topic discussed is pedophilia, the insect, abuse, attempted rape and infidelity.. . . The male lead is one of the worst I've ever seen.. The animation is good for the time it came out, but the story becomes murkier in the manga and the male protagonist is the bad guy of the story, he is an unscrupulous pervert.. . MANGA SPOILER ALERT. . The girl is in love with her cousin whom she has only seen once in her entire life. And she becomes submissive and forgives him for all the horrible ...
Oh my God was this an unbearable watch! All the chracters are so one dimensional, the world building just isn't there, and the main chracter is beyond annoying. If I have to watch another scene of everyone gawking at him and he still just standing there dense as hell like, "man I'm so ugly." When the whole anime is about him no being ugly, I'M GOING TO FUCKING FLIP! This anime is braindead, I didn't think you could possibly make such an interesting concept so unbearably boring. I know that these types of anime is souposed to be a self insert but this is easily ...
Blood: The Last Vampire (2000). . I see what they wanted to do, a darker setting with a schoolgirl, fine. It was awful, it had no soul whatsoever and felt so rushed it may as well have not been produced.. . The art is fitting with its age and is pretty decent. The sound isn't bad either.. . The characters are soulless and have no meaning, it tries to cover so much so quickly that honestly, it sucked. If they didn't try to build the world and give it reason and just let it be action then it would have been fine, but this way made it a worthless ...
If you like slice of life with cute girls and an action twist, this show is great... for about six episodes. The last four episodes are a boring mess where the show throws out every strenght it had in exchange for "spetacle" and a terrible plot. A finale so horrible that it makes the first half of the show worse in retrospect. To make matters worse, if you want to get invested in this for the action, this show is going to bait and switch you *hard*. It starts ok and gets worse as the show goes, and on top of that, there are full ...
A lackluster anime that we’ve all seen before. Unfortunately, this one failed to set itself apart from the pack with thin characters, awkward comedic attempts, and a story that was boring.. . The hook here is that the mc, an ultimate gamer, only plays games that are buggy messes. An interesting twist, which could have lead to fun and imaginative bugs, scripting errors, and zany hijinks, instead gets tossed aside in the first episode for a stereotypical power fantasy.. . It’s possible this gets good in the latter half, but the first 3 episodes were so boring that it didn’t seem worth it to find out.
This is an instant skip for me.. . I was just gonna copy paste my Kamonohashi Ron no Kindan Suiri review but decided to write smthng new.. . I didnt even need to watch an episode to know what to expect. It is a carbon copy of every supernatural detective mystery. 2 main characters travel around to solve mysteries while exploring their tragic past. I yawned 7 times while writing that sentence.. . Vanitas no carte, Headless girl in the cage, that girl with missing leg and her boytoy ( i cannot even remember the name of the anime ) etc. They are all using the same template, just slightly ...
This review has been sitting in a Google Docs for months because I wanted to at least finish the show before posting my review. Yet, every time I reach for this title again, I think of how terrible this anime is, and I sincerely cannot bring myself to finish. And as I’ve already been spoiled, I have realised that all of my arguments still hold up regardless.. Now, while I’m late to the party, I can remember the hype train around this one. It was lauded for “being deep” (anime fans say that about everything istg) and for its visuals, its OST (which is pretty ...
TL;DR: Wasted Premise, Disability used just to attract viewers, lack of research from the author's side, cheap/old Shoujo plot with Blue Eyed ML and normie Childhood Friend/Loser guy, boring MC who is 19 but acts like a teenager.. . . Well, I guess the problem with me was that I expected too much from the show after reading the synopsis. I thought that this is going to be like "A Silent Voice" but a mature version (as the protagonists are college students), but what I got was an adult girl acting like a 11 year old who got her first crush.. . Well where do we start, let's go ...
The premise of video game mechanics as a magic system is the single most creatively bankrupt decision an author can make. I will curse Sword Art Online for making it popular until I die. . The thing is that all of the different video game stats in an actual video game represent things. If my dude levels out in Fallout and he gains +1 point in strength that doesn't mean he gets a little form and chooses the "Make me stronger" option. No, he has been travelling the wasteland and has become physically stronger because of it. Same goes for every other concept. You have HP in ...
this modern day disgrace of an anime does not even deserve to be on the internet it makes great titles like Sword art online and Bikini warriors look like godsends i went into this anime told its a lot like one piece and i was disappointed when the main character takemichi didn't embody freedom like the legend luffy, its like they tried to copy monster but have never seen it i have seen so many animes that "have just done it better" and don't even get me started on the waifus these mediocre women have no place in my heart compared to absolute goddesses like ...
Where do I even begin with this monstrosity called "One Piece"? I had heard so much hype about this anime, but after subjecting myself to a few episodes, I'm left wondering if the creators were on some kind of hallucinogenic substance while putting this disaster together.. . First of all, the art style is an eyesore. The characters look like they've been drawn by a five-year-old with a crayon in one hand and a chainsaw in the other. It's as if the animators decided to take every feature of the human body and exaggerate it to the point of grotesque deformity. Seriously, I've seen less exaggerated expressions ...
Horror is a sparsely populated genre of anime, which is a shame. A good horror series can offer creative concepts, a gripping story, compelling drama and moments of high emotion. Unfortunately, Angels of Death offers none of these things. Instead, this anime presents a mind-numbing barely-plot featuring a cast of characters the audience never properly gets to know and that not even the series itself seems to care about, thinly varnished with superficial allusions to Christianity. This is a series that wants be perceived as cool and meaningful and perhaps even deep, but which puts in none of the required effort to actually be so.. . Angels ...
In the previous season's teasing, authorities uncover a man frozen from the dinosaur era for millions of years. Thawing him out reveals a formidable fighter who once battled and conquered dinosaurs. In the quirky, buffoonish humor typical of the show, they name him Pickle. Renowned fighters like Retsu and Jack Hammer, excluding Oliva and Yujiro, engage him in combat, resulting in significant losses. Baki ultimately faces Pickle in the series' expected climax, though the outcome remains ambiguous.. . The second part introduces two arcs: Retsu's quest to conquer the boxing world and the impending father-son showdown. Regrettably, the first feels like filler, elongating the show unnecessarily. The ...
Let’s get it out of the way: Itsuomi is a creep.. . There I said it. Yes the guy who tells a deaf girl “let me in your world” after merely meeting a few times briefly. If this isn’t the definition of a sleazebag or some sort of swindling scheme then I don’t know what is. In fact this anime would be more interesting if Itsuomi actually turns out to be a predator as a warning shot for naive girls falling prey to some random douche they met on the train. Nothing about their encounter smells organic. This is the problem with shoujo in general, where the ...
Okay, so the first 5-7 episodes are fine, picking back up from the past season isn't hard, a few things just "happen" but that's okay. Then about the end of the 2nd arc it's like the pacing just goes off the rails. Things apparently occurred, IMPORTANT things, in the middle of a fight scene, between the end of one episode and the start of the next. No explanation, no show, not even a tell, it's just "oh it's like this now". There's also the fun factor throughout the season of "Oh, we're fugitives from X, but X can however just show up ...
i started watching this anime because the torture shock value from the trailer appealed me? 😅 and i got what i expected. the MC girl living the most miserable life that would make anyone kys. now add more girls with their equally fucked up backstories and continue the torture shock for the rest of the anime, and yep, that's the entire anime. . this anime is just filled with a lot of weird shit and brain-dead edginess and torture, and a lot of tropes. these depressed af bitches who were trying to kill each other suddenly became friends within the next few episodes? also, i find it ...
This review may contain spoilers. I say “may” because I'm not sure if the discussed topics count as spoilers. Although they are light, you have been warned. From here on out, the review contains things people said about Ishura.. . “A new seasonal isekai with no ecchi tags?!” I thought. “No way!” This was exactly what I wanted to watch, and the first episode was absolute perfection. Just like that, I'm hooked, eagerly awaiting the next episode.... . Next episode: “What is happening?”, “Who is the main character?”, “Where is the mc from the first ep?” These questions rained down on the anime, while the light novel readers tried ...
The main character of this anime is a total loser (Kazuya-pretty sure is a self inserted). He doesn't even have a good sense of fashion, who wears orange shirt with stripped white pants?. He can't even defend himself from a girl, can't be honest to his grandma, is insecure. If you hate this kind of person then you probably wouldn't like this anime.. . The plot and the characters are such a basic harem anime where the main male character who never felt a touch of a woman got hot girls fell for him. This anime seems to just exist to fulfill someone's fantasy ...
Oh boy, another summary of Aot and this time 20 minutes long, recounting season 1 to final season part 1 in a nutshell. I'm amazed that they put out another one of these videos for each season. I wouldn't be surprised if they release another final video now that Aot has finished airing. However, I still find these videos rather unsuitable to have an insight into the past of Aot. 20 minutes is still far too short, you can only talk about 2 events per season at most and not even go into them in detail. It's best to watch a slightly longer summary. At ...
Arknights is a good animation that meets a horrible story. It is such a boring show because of the no-brainer story that any 5-year-old could write. You don't get any real action, nothing. Most episodes feel so boring and when it comes to action scenes they are the most boring ones I have ever seen. They would be even more enjoyable if they straight-up inserted a tower defence scene from the mobile game. The enemies have such boring personalities with no real character, fights make no sense and on top of it, most of the time you will be more like let's play the actual ...
Solo Leveling is about as generic of a shounen story in a game-esque setting as it's going to get. . Your character basically fills the list of main character characteristics. . - is a coward. - is dumb. - lots of yelling. - lots of flashbacks about being weak. . The biggest issue isn't the guy being a coward, it's just repeated too much, and doesn't feel explored properly. But second to being weak is that he's also dumb. The guy has no thoughts about how to play around his weakness, doesn't try to analyze the situation or the enemies to get an advantage. He basically goes head first into everything, and guess what, ...
Honestly, one of the most disappointing anime of its time.. . The absolute hype train that was this anime's trailer and YouTuber reactions, especially Garnt's, which surfaced around the time when I first found out about the anime. And yet, after watching episode 1, you will either feel how stale these mushrooms are, or you will be high enough to keep on watching.. . <a href="https://youtu.be/1zwg4r5WR3Y?si=DgD91wnq4h8CPDdT">Garnt's First Reaction</a>. (this is a YouTube video of a YouTuber reacting to a trailer of the anime). . Again, I am one of those people who truly believe that there is no bad anime, as every anime has its own very few people who truly ...
Tokyo Revengers. . I remember when the anime was released in 2021 and had gathered quite a lot of hype around it. It was compared to other similar works like "Erased" and seemed to be rather popular. Well at least for the first few months, somewhere in the middle of it, people suddenly stopped seeing any of the anime on YouTube or anywhere else, it was like it was gone and there was no trace of the fans. After I started watching this anime, I understood why that was the case.. . Despite all expectations, this anime/manga is blessed with a very interesting concept, especially for thriller fans. We ...
Trigger warning: sexual assault. . It is a testament to how stale anime has become if Tengoku Daimakyou is considered great. It is not quite awful, with strong production values throughout and clear artistic effort put into it. The major issues with the pacing, coupled with the poor story and characters that we are shown, land it as a high 3 out of 10.. . The short TV anime squanders so much of its limited runtime on boring and pointless scenes. Not the side stories; such diversions are welcome in this kind of show. However, the scenes showing the children in 'heaven' were excessively long and dull. None ...
The most lamest, pathetic, gayest, dumbest MC ever. Just domt watch this anime cause it was the most horrible story and character ever but with a good animation. The MC is dumb and never stop complaining the whole story. I dont know why but he always think that Emillia needs him to survive. Like the women dont even knows him that much.. All the MC does was non stop screaming like a 4 years old fighting to take some candy from an adult. He keeps screaming to convince everyone he was right eventhough he was wrong from the verg beginning. He also act like he's strong ...
This is so bad. I think I made it to episode 4/5(?) because I loved the animation and really wanted to give it a chance. The main character was way overpowered, but I would have dealt with that if not for the HORRENDOUS love interest. I literally wanted to shoot her every time she was on screen! She was mindless and cutsy and boring. I seriously felt my IQ drop every time she was on screen. And the other characters weren't interesting enough to make up for how bad she was, so I dropped this.. . I typically love anime with magical elements, but this did not ...
IF YOU WANT TO WATCH IT OR YOU ARE WATCHING IT RIGHT NOW READ THIS!!!!. . THE DOWNS. first i agree that the manwa is so good i will recomand it to everyone but... big but this anime is progresing so slow(0.5 chapter for eps i am not kidding) its crazy. they are adding staff that didnt happen in the manwa and its usesless informtaion i cant belive someone gets paid to make it. . THE UPS. the story is unique(but i recomand to read it first). good animation. art style is good. ...
What happens when you come up with an interesting idea for an anime but don't have what it takes to follow through with it? The answer: Hikikomari Kyuuketsuki no Monmon. . We are introduced to the main character: a vampire princess, who is a shut-in, who can't drink blood, and who is an absolute weakling because she can't drink blood. Yet, she has to become a warlord, which is obviously in conflict with her personality. So she'll have to somehow find workarounds, right? Pfft! Amateurs! Just throw in occasional scenes where the character is cuddled in her bed all alone and call that being a shut-in. Who ...
Seriously, how many more mini-series does this anime need? This one mainly introduces the characters. This is fitting, because the characters from 2.43 all offer very little and only need a one-minute description to know everything about them. And that's about all I can say about it. The animations are minimal, the chibi artstyle is ugly and the content is boring. They are really just small promotional videos for twitter. outside of that, they don't offer anything for anyone. I'm just wondering why there are so many of these mini-series? There are a total of 36 episodes of them and zero reasons to watch them.
Strap yourself in for a rollercoaster of clichés, repetitive fights, and enough yelling to shatter glass. Demon Slayer is a show that throws every shounen trope in the blender, hits puree, and hopes you'll call it a smoothie.. . Tanjiro, our protagonist, is about as original as a white t-shirt. Whining about his dead family and spouting generic lines about never giving up gets old faster than expired milk. Nezuko, his demon sister, is basically a silent prop with a kawaii box strapped to her back. The supporting cast is a mixed bag of annoying archetypes: the loud boar-head dude, the sleepy drool-fest, and the brooding emo ...
Oroka na Tenshi wa Akuma to Odoru is, at its heart, a manga that is tied to its mangaka. Azuma Sawayoshi got his start as a doujinshi author. With that foundation, Sawayoshi utilized his experience in drawing Oroka with extremely suggestive tones--ahegao, sex jokes, and (oftentimes outdated) memes being peppered throughout. This created an extremely funny and unique manga that managed to capture not just fun character interactions, but well-drawn panels.. . With that preface, one would hope that whatever studio sought to adapt Sawayoshi's work would take as much time and care into capturing the spirit of the original work. Those hopes were crushed when Children's ...
Like a fart in the room from three minutes ago, this was thoroughly unpleasant and hopefully forgettable.. . It doesn't have what you'd call "characters" or "plots" as much as it has a sort of papier-mâché pile of isekai clichés heaped over some chicken wire. Put another way, there are genetic clones with more originality. Everything from the writing, dialogue, setting, fights, and animation was subpar. This sadly isn't so-bad-it's-good or a shut-your-brain-off-and-enjoy bad it's just...bad. One can only assume this was greenlit after some sort of demonic pact/nepotism/tax scheme/make-a-wish gone horribly wrong and I sincerely hope no human beings had to work overtime for this.
So you remember doing yakuza 0 completionist, and then came the point where you have to learn mahjong lol. Ye i guess it paid off.. Should always ask yourself why should i care for these people, why are they important, why should i continue watching this series, is the dissapoiting ending going to be worth it?. . Uninspiring, lame slop content. With fucking mahjong lol, i mean why would you ever think people watching stereotypic oversaturated anime girls playing mahjong would be entertaining? In basic terms, this is the example of what rich white kids do in new york, absolutely nothing.. . We got the hacker, slasher, ...
Frieren is the most overrated anime of this decade, and I'm going to show you why.. . It's an empty anime with no story to tell, a repetitive series that dwells on the same subject in every episode: the past.. . The characters are not at all interesting; they're all one-dimensional and poorly written. Frieren is a bland elf who doesn't grasp human emotions. That blue-haired guy (whose name escapes me because everything in this anime is easily forgettable) is a hero, the other group member is an alcoholic priest, and the last member is a dwarf. The group could be entirely different, and it wouldn't affect the plot ...
Not recommending "Kanojo mo Kanojo" is something i knew i would say the first minutes watching this.. Very plain, no good continuation, storyline. Feels like this was really made in a rush with the intention to satisfy the average loser biggest dream, have 4 or more girlfriends at the same time! So epic. Trend going along with "100 girlfriends to date me blah blah" anime.. . Oh boy what has happened to romcoms lol, same exaggerating facial expressions, same "funny anime moment", the slip and either fall into boobs or grab boob. Girl slapping someone because they saw pantsu etc. And what does kanojo mo kanojo do ...
How? I don't understand. I get that Toei really likes to milk their franchises for all they're worth, with the All-Stars crossover movies for Pretty Cure being no exception. I generally don't bother with the All-Stars movies because I haven't seen every single Pretty Cure season ever made and I don't have the time to watch them all. But because Toei likes making money, they churned out yet another crossover movie, Pretty Cure All Stars F. I didn't think this was going to make a blip outside of Japan and fansubs because Pretty Cure hardly ever found an audience outside of Japan for a bunch ...
Absolutely disgusting incest "romance" story written by a japanese hick and pervert about porn addicted siblings that end up marrying. The author of it has got to be on some sort of list, as will probably happen to you if you rate this show high. Unfortunately, the first anime I watched a very long time ago and at a young age too. Only "saving grace" is the opening song and good looking characters, which is why anyone could find this show appealing. Even then their personalities are horrid. That is to be expected, as there is no plausible way to make a healthy and adequate ...
This is terrible, just terrible.. . One may wonder what were they thinking or is this some kind of joke? How could a classic series with great story, brilliant writing and fantastic design turn into such a major lack of taste show for 9 year olds? The quality is so poor it makes me wonder why they even called “Lovers Again” filler, when the supposed canon material is just as bad or worse.. . It is almost surprising that Shoji Kawamori himself partook in the story and designs of these characters when they turned out to be so uninventive and stupid. Mechanical designs seem more appropriate for Digimon, while ...
To me great animation can never shoulder the weight of bad writing, but great writing can definitely do so with bad animation. Unfortunately... Majo to Yajuu's writing is nowhere near good enough to compensate for the eyesore that are it's visuals. . The mysterious and twisted premise that comes off as quite intriguing at first glance is quickly proven to be a flatline with a couple of spikes of gore here and there and little to no plot progression or character developement in sight. The way characters interact with eachother and react to the situations they're in also look more unnatural than silicon... you know what. . And now onto the ...
Imagine for a moment, a gentle, free natured Doxen. This Doxen has the cutest little ears and softest tiny snout you’ve ever encountered in such a beast. Now imagine its contrast; the pitbull of nightmares. This thing looks like it was genetically engineered to kill the Terminator and Arnold would agree wholeheartedly. Now imagine that in some cruel twist of fate (much like the first episode of Oshi no Ko) this Doxen and that Pitbull breed and produce what I can only imagine is called a Ditbull (Poxen was on the table but that just sounds even cuter than the Doxen).. . That Ditbull is Oshi no ...
Normally I would do a review analyzing each thing, but I'm going to do an analysis at the same level as the anime, weak.. . It's almost impossible to analyze history, especially because it doesn't exist. It's something so simple that it feels like you're watching SpongeBob.. . It's an anime extremely made for a children's audience, anyone over the age of 12 and doesn't realize how boring the anime is, they have no critical sense whatsoever, besides the story being totally boring, there's no cool character to look at, no. There's a character that you look at and think "I love it when he appears".. . The only two things ...
Zom 100: A Bucket of Disappointment?. . While Zom 100 has its fans, it's certainly not without its flaws.. . One-dimensional protagonist: Akira's obsession with his bucket list overshadows any real character development. He comes across as childish and lacks depth, making it hard to connect with him.. . Generic supporting cast: Other characters feel like tropes rather than individuals. Their motivations and backstories are underdeveloped, leaving them forgettable.. . Predictable plot: The story often takes predictable turns, relying on tired zombie apocalypse cliches instead of offering something fresh.. . Cringey attempts at comedy: The show's attempts at humor can often fall flat, resorting to juvenile slapstick and awkward jokes. Some find it grating ...
FUCKING GHTUIS FDUCKING SHWO IT AS MECHA LIKE CODE GESSEE. . yungneutronMay 18, 2021 8:33 PM. -rep mean little guy threatened my life over discord message. . Warning: Minor Spoilers. . If I were to say anything bad (and I will have to do that as this review is not a positive one) about this anime that would not offend the hardcore fans (and I know there are a lot) is that it's PAINFULLY slow.. . Even if you leave the fillers aside, still- the plot itself progresses in such a slow pace that it's rather hard to watch. Now for a younger audience it may not matter that much, but to me ...
All in the looks, nothing behind the awesomeness. In recent years, a lot of anime have tried this approach. And whilst most of them do have a ting of enjoyment in the cool fight scenes that pop up once in a while, most of the saving grace of anime from the past that are reboots and movies don't have that. It's as though they exist just to complete a set. FLCL: Shoegaze however, is a middling in the two. It tries to achieve both whilst still making it engaging enough. Nonetheless it fails in its approach, unable to capture the hearts of the viewers of ...
Metallic Rouge has a scant amount of exposition, and there's the possibility of Bones getting twisty, so it's challenging to tell where the series might go. However, based on the poor execution and boring sci-fi cliches, probably straight into the trash compactor with all the oh-so-unfortunate androids. There's not a single compelling hook to make one interested in the story from the first episode other than the promise of gradual world building; the second is an action romp, "chemistry builder," and quest through the Martian desert; the third develops the situation of the androids and their yearning for freedom from humanity.. . There's the typical bit: ...
The least worth to watch anime in my tierlist as someone who currently has 1,445 episodes of various anime series watched. I watched Inazuma Eleven about 10 years ago as a kid on TV with no internet, and back then I felt a shame that they showed only 26 episodes on the TV channel. In present, I would thank TV director or whoever stopped Inazuma Eleven from keep on going. As an adult I think if I watched 27th episode back then, it could make me become so silly in life. Personally, from all anime when I had no internet like Bakugan, Pokemon... only Doreamon ...
Oroka na Tenshi wa Akuma to Odoru is a great example of an excellent manga with a bullshit adaptation.. . As a manga reader, I find this adaptation rather disappointing. It failed to make the first impression for non-manga readers on the first-ever episode and did not improve that reputation throughout the next two episodes. You could call this the knockoff version of Kaguya-sama with all the comedy (?) that was poorly "translated" from the manga to the anime. I might have let my expectations go too high for an unpopular manga drawn and written by an ex-hentai artist. So, for those with ...
I went into this expecting something a bit above average from the author of Overly Cautious Hero... I can't make it through an episode without pausing several times due to how painful it is to watch. The first few episodes aren't bad, maybe even good. The protagonist is pathetic, but there are clear paths for him to change and improve, his friend IRL seems like a good dude with depth.. . But instead we get to watch a dumb fairy interrupt every moment, sabotage every possible thing that could have been good about the show, incoherently flip between 'look at the realism bro' and 'follow this obvious ...
A literal child, malnourished and with 0 training other than sparring using wooden swords with his childhood friend, single-handedly saves a king, defeats multiple assassins, an entire village rumored to be filled with murderous bandits, trained armies, battle-hardened war generals, etc. etc., all without getting much more than a few scratches. He also annoyingly yells and avoids letting others speak during pivotal plot progression points, somehow winning over the hearts of all while saying nothing much at all.. . The mountain people concept, mountain king and their masks are cool and I'm hoping maybe things become a bit more fleshed out in later seasons? But that's really ...
This show is the definition of the meme "Mom i want Evangelion", "No, we have Evangelion at home". . They have the monster patterns and predictions, and mentally ill kids (streamer and grown up in a space station "alone").. I don't really remember what happened in this show, but the pink bunny thing is super creepy thing once it's revealed and that ruined the show for me (also the plot is insane bad trying to be Evangelion mysterious and clever without doing any of that). . The kids are also not really interesting, none of them have any unique things about them or interesting, they are just the ...
They thought they could just buy the rights to clone characters and we'll swallow the media like animals who neither care nor know what they are eating. Anyone who watched the series for its storytelling could tell this is the extracted commercial version of the series sold out to Mr.risk-free-corporate so a marketing team armed with all the audience reports money can buy could pimp it out to a mass of horny "fans" who couldn't give a buck what sucked them off behind the dumpster as long as it ended in "bebop".. . [Quotes from the meetings with producers & teams]. . "...you think? in case you don't know ...
Dungeon Meshi is an anime that got alot of its attention by being animated by Studio Trigger, known for its highly energetic animation style which you can see alot of in this anime. The premise revolves around a group of dungeon explorers going on a mission to save the main character's sister who had been eaten by a dragon, however there is no urgency surrounding the mission since this dragon is a special dragon which takes alot of time to digest things. This gives the group as much time as they want to hunt monsters and cook them instead of focusing on getting the main ...
This went from a compelling revenge story (first 3 episodes) to a hate-watch (everything after). This is a rare show that makes you frustrated with the writing. It's very bad. It gives promises, and then breaks them. It's baffling. It's infuriating. So much so that it caused me to go here to simply write how bad and infuriating it was. The main character is set up with such potential, then it deteriorated with dumb character actions and crappy subplots. It culminates in an anticlimactic fight that has no consistent logic in how anything works and I felt no satisfaction in the payoff if it could ...
I will say this right now. I really really didn't like this anime. I tried to watch it 2 times before but got bored then forgot. The opening is probably the best part of this anime. Now don't get me wrong, I understood what they were trying to do with your worries but WOW this was a chore to just watch. The last episode was the best. But hey I did watch the dub since I knew if I didn't I'd drop it trying to read it. It felt like it dragged on. I'm just glad I finished it. I was just so close to ...
What can I say about this anime that everybody else hasn't. Nothing, but let me just organize some of these thoughts.. . First, the premise of the series is good, and the first episode had me salivating for a little man vs. man action, especially with how vile and corrupt the empire seemed to be. And for the first couple episodes we get that. However, it quickly devolves into an incoherent mess that seems like your having a schizophrenic seizure rather than watching an anime.. . Characters are flat, bland and remind me of those rice cakes health nuts used to foist onto me whenever they ...
This show did not age well at all. The jokes here are so lame and predictable I hate to even call it a comedy. I don't think there's a single original joke in the entire thing. I only watched this because it was on the recommended tab of Prison School, which is one million times funnier in every conceivable way. Prison School is laugh-out-loud funny while this show is more like a school drama with goofy characters. All the characters are boring. MC overreacts to every situation by making silly faces even when there's no reason to. This might actually be one of the worst ...
So boring and exceptionally cringe. No thought put into it, like written by a child. 6-9 year old and lobotomized people might like this trash. Can’t believe it is so popular. Herd effect at its finest.. . Jujutsu Kaisen was a very disappointing anime for me. It lacked any originality or creativity in its plot and characters. (Naruto cheap bootleg) It felt like it was written by a child who had no idea how to craft a compelling story. I think the only audience that would enjoy this anime are either very young children who are easily amused by flashy scenes and silly jokes, or people who ...
I dot't understand the hype around Demon Slayer anymore. The only positive I have to share is the animation style except for the "3D parts". The fighting scenes are colorful and really cool to look at. So far the good parts and now I will start ranting.. . Story: so predictable... ofc the highlevel demons are "difficult" to defeat and OFC at the brink of the heroes death, they suddenly get a sobbing flashback then awakening and then lastly an energy burst. Suddenly their broken bodies are not so broken.... sounds familiar? Yes it was like the previous seasons.. . I don't feel like we learned anything new ...
Is the story unique? Was it predictable? No, Yes. This is very, very generic. Almost is sad how much prediction you can take. Male mc gets HOT GYATT gf, Another girl likes mc, mc skips out on seggs(lol), fmc has a mean bestie, but she is just kind. So on. Reminds me of "Hajimete no Gal". No ITS THE EXACT SAME PLOT, SCENARIOS, EVERYTHING.. . Do i think the art style is fitting, (Looks good)? No, really poor. Were at the peak of anime tech, yet somehow horrible chineese anime is still better than this.. . The gyaru looks like a ho, male mc is a ...
This anime adaptation is an insult to Funa, who is the author of I Will Survive Using Potion, and I'm a huge fan of his books, especially I Will Survive Using Potion, both light novels and manga.. . Why is it a huge disappointment you ask ? Here are the main points:. . 1) The graphics and the art design my god are horrible. Just wtf is this, especially Belle character? She looks like a koala, and why are they all having baby faces? This is unacceptable. It was so painful to watch that I dropped the anime on the 7th episode. I would rather watch a 1999 ...
frieren premiered with an banger two-hour special thats talk immortality and outliving loved ones and delivered amazing sad and hopeful massage but that’s quickly devolved into cozy heartwarming anime without a purpose. . . Each episode is basically about the party doing random things in a very generic fantasy world like dnd, the dark theme thats the show starts with is gone and it turn into slice of life with some action. . The best thing about frieren is the high quality animation and its outstanding soundtrack but it’s not enough to carry the show that’s lost its purpose way to fast. . Sousou no frieren is an ...
It's like Kamisama, Hajimemashita without any of its charm, and less!. . Plot: 2/10. It's been three whole episodes and there isn't a semblance of an interesting plot. There's almost really no plot at all? It seems like the show wants to set itself up as episodic with a larger overarching conflict, but we are given no reason to care about either of these elements with how little they have established. This is probably largely in part due to how little the audience cares about the characters at this point in time.. . Character+Art: 2/10. The characters do not have personalities. Their designs aren't even that great either, and the ...
Hayao Miyazaki's movies are known for their beauty, but also for their dark undertones that clash with Ghibli's etherial aesthetic, this is something that's always drawn me to his movies. His latest entry however, is the perfect combination of cuteness and trauma... and that is not a compliment. . Clashing opposites can make for incredibly interesting and unique stories, but there is such a thing as too much. From adorably fluffy man eating parakeets to desolving mothers, The Boy And The Heron has no shortage of nightmare inducing sequences sandwiched between kawaii innocence, a constant loop of 180° whiplash you don't want to bring your kids to watch ...
Talking only about the anime (not including the manga cuz i havent read it), it was a s**t show.. I hurt my eyes!. The animation was so terrible on some episodes that I was setting my eyes on fire. The plot predictable and the story was so much lacking. I missed a good shojo anime that could give a litlle "Sukkite II na yo" vibe back. But this was terible.. I am a fan of age gap cuz i cant stand the all the same age and vibe of all anime characters and their innocent high school day lifes interaction. But this one was just an excuse to ...
I predict the rating to be 7.69 in May. Buy me a beer if I'm right. . story- basic shonen genre. It WILL get more ridiculous as it's nearing the end. 6/10. . art- 8/10. . characters- only sung jin woo matters 3/10. . character development- only sung jin woo matters 3/10. . If you're under 15 and enjoyed sao, I highly recommend you watch this anime. The older you get, the stupider it will get. If you're picky like me, you still should check out the webtoon. I'm making it sound so bad, but in reality it might not be bad at all. I've just seen too much of the same thing too ...
I'm amazed by the dedication of the marketing that has led to this anime getting so many little picture dramas. Unfortunately, it doesn't really make these picture dramas any better. I'm only now really realising how much I dislike the chibi artstyle of these videos. The synopsis got the whole content right to the point. Nothing more or less happens. The dialogue is pretty dry and there's nothing entertaining. Nothing visually exciting happens either, as it's just a picture drama with 2 characters standing opposite each other and talking. The videos are really just meant to be little clips on Twitter to promote the anime. ...
Hellsing is like the textbook definition of style over substance. It doesn't even attempt to bore you with a story, deep characters or any of the other boring stuff. You are here to watch the coolest, most edgy shit you have ever seen and that it very much delivers. Or at least it did a quarter of a century ago. You see, all of these style over substance shows suffer from the exact same problem, one generations cool and edgy is another one's safe and cringy, and so they all age like milk. Hellsing does hold up better than most, but what can I say? ...
This anime is just a complete mess.... . ""Want a slice of life anime about a mid 30s guy finally deciding to owe a pet? We got just want you need!. . Or, do you want a isekai story where you can live up your power fantasy? Boy you are in luck !!. . Want to also try to conquer the isekai world through economy and trading and slowly build an enterprise in that medieval world?. Say no more !!!. . But now you say that this is a generic isekai and you're thinking of switching to something else ? Wait !! We saw that you liked isekai Ojisan and we know that ...
Oh Mokap’s balls this is one of the most boring pieces of media I’ve ever seen the original ccs was a very legbeardish anime do to it's questionably aged romantic leads but had decent and likable characters such as Kero and Eriol who are practically no where to be scene in this boring food network anime the show is supposed to beat about them finding the new clear cards (hence the name of the sequel) but the plot progression is soooooo slow half the show is just sakura and syaoran being super lovey dovey and for some reason the background turns bright pink every time ...
Shows like this is why we need to normalize Kinkshaming the story is about Keyaru who has the power to heal people similar to that to the life spell punks from the skylanders games and he wants to get revenge on this pink haired girl named Flare but half the show is just forced sex scenes and rape it’s so forced and you get called cultured and stunning and brave if you beat off to this meanwhile if you have a positive relationship with a woman you get called a simp like what the hell is wrong with our society and story barely progresses because ...
This show suck ass Issei is an annoying main character and it’s nothing but cheap sex appeal to make neckbeards cum in their underwear why is mortal kombat and the Callisto protocol banned but this is ok for the Japanese even the Ben 10 reboot and transformers rescue bots have more substance and intelligence than this garbage no you’re not a man of culture who watches for the “plot” you’re a neckbeard who still lives with his mommy because you can’t get a job if you jack off to the boring waifu characters the only decent character was Yuuta everyone else was bland and boring
The studio censored the ecchi from an ecchi anime lol. This must be one of the stupidest decisions I’ve ever seen i suppose they did it because they thought that way the anime would reach a wider audience (as if My Dress-Up Darling didn’t exist).. . They even removed a reference to Shokugeki no Soma another legendary ecchi manga. I highly recommend reading the manga since, besides not being censored, Ikada Kai’s art is very good and has nothing to envy of the anime style.. . In an anime where the main attraction is seeing beautiful girls,they simply cannot cut shots and scenes that show the girls’ sensuality. ...
I was so upset by how this anime progressed; and to be honest, my main issue was with Tachibana.. . Initially, Tachibana as a character felt like he had potential, with ideas of having years of experience as a 32 year old adult man dealing with issues that a young, attractive woman might face in a fantasy world. But instead what I got was is a clingy (manageable, can make it work), whiny (not fine), inept (*really* not fine) screaming child who could not stop and think at all throughout this series. No sense of strategy, no sense of responsibility, blamed his problems on Jinguuji, and cried ...
well at first when I was reading the Synopsis I thought it could be at least 8 for me but when start to watch the anime in the first episode. it was good, unlike the end of it, at the end of the first episode I figured out how horrible it is but I didn't disappoint I continued to watching the anime but it got more and more appealing for me you know it shows men like dumb who can't control himself and so easy to fool them.. I think it wants to be like 'love is war' but it is a very cheap and horrible ...
Huge disappointment ! The anime is definitely not worth it. It's just a mix of clichés, I thought I'd already given up after the first episodes but I told myself that it would perhaps surprise me like The Danger In My Heart but in the end it was really a waste of time.. . The MC is the most pathetic character I've seen in a romcom, he's so cringe he's the perfect simp. He's already a big hypocrite who thinks he's different from the girl's exes but he comes up with all kinds of crazy ideas just to hold the girl's hand. Besides how unbearable he is ...
I'm extremely shocked of not liking it.. . The beginning times of “The Boy and the Heron” were this beautifully haunting portrayal of loss. A sudden, traumatic event that sticks with every step of your life from then on. It was a quiet, subdued movie, never vomiting any information, leading us into a slow, methodical build-up. I was engrossed, tense, wondering where the story might lead, this may be a masterpiece. The movie itself gave me these expectations of what to expect, and when it turned whimsical, I was still hyped up, until I got… bored?. . That can't be right. The movie was being so good, but then ...
This Anime is basically the basic bitch of anime with way to much make-up on and, even though this anime is nothing but a masterpiece when it comes to being generic, it got an 8.5 rating on this site. Now, Im very happy to see that this anime got a 8.5. I wished it would even get a waaaaay higer score, like 9 or 10, because it shows that all this nonsense about deep characters, engaging plat, overall deep and complex story and well written character development and interactions, are completely pointless and no one actually cares about this and only writes this in reviews ...
If it were not for the blatant pedophile MC I'm sure I would have enjoyed this show. I'm new to anime, I haven't watched too many shows so I don't know if this kind of thing is considered normal here but frankly, this is one of the most disgusting things I've ever had the displeasure of watching.. . If a "child" MC with the mental capacity and memories of an adult, whose thoughts are narrated by a 40 year old man creepily talking about pulling the panties off of a sleeping 12 yead old girl is the type of stuff you enjoy then this is probably ...
TLDR:. It's a bad, boring, show with bad visuals and I don't think it's worth wasting time on. I would give it a 4/10 Watch Shoukugeki no Souma instead, that's a much more entertaining show and has much nicer looking character designs.. . . Story:. 4/10. It's like Isekai Shokudou but bad. This is one of those shows where everything is really forgettable and it feels like nothing is going on, it's been incredibly boring so far. Far too much time is wasted on mundane things and the episodes feel like they drag on forever. The show's comedy skits have also failed to make me laugh even once. I really regret ...
Hoshikuzu Telepath is about Umika, whose defensive mechanism while going through her adolescence regarding her social anxiety is to perform escapism. She believes that going to space is the only option for her to make friends, as she clams up when trying to interact with regular people. Surely, she thought, aliens would be much easier to talk to and make friends with.. . And of course, rather than dealing with her issues or problems, the story rather just presents an actual, living alien in front of Umika! I exaggerate a little. In reality, Akeuchi's appearance in Umika's life has little to do with her alien identity. This ...
Why with all the so bad it's good reviews. This anime is a huge waste of time. It's not without tropes. It is just utilizing the stupidest trope of them all. The anti trope trope. No different then conforming to being a non conformist. Complete waste of time anime. Not only did they make the protagonist to OP. They made him boring OP. Can sense murderous intent and kill with a thought. How freaking boring is that!. . I believe this is my first review but I don't get it. Why do people like this. Just like one punch man. My previously most hated anime of ...
Hey folks, this will be my review for Yumemiru Danshi wa Genjitsushugisha. I didn't like it. I would rather rate an anime as its own thing, but sometimes the comparison fits too well. This show is a bootleg Yahari Ore with a tsundere romance twist.. . The story revolves around Sajou and his obsessive crush on Aika. The show starts with Sajou realizing he is being weird and distancing himself so he doesn't bother Aika anymore, and eventually Aika realizing she rather liked Sajou and feeling lonely now that he wasn't always chasing after her. Over the course of the show Sajou makes new acquaintances who ...
Good production, nice design and eccentric characters with a thin but enjoyable harem plot. This has all the hallmarks of a solid 7 star series, but instead I give it only a 3. So why is it that this title deserves to be brought down so far? Well.... . - Story & Theme. The story revolves around... Actually, let's put a pin in this and do the other categories first this time.. . - Characters & Writing. This is one of those titles where the characters feel more unique than just stuck in their tropes. Also, most of them get a dose of character development which I always enjoy. They can ...
This is largely just OK. A series that really lives and thrives on its characters, this episode at least gave those characters some moments to interact and showcase their growth.. . However, the plot just felt like a means of giving our central crew some minor, unnecessary closure while passing the torch onto a palette-swapped group for the next .hack series. I know this was an issue in the original series, but the derpy eyes were extremely noticeable this time around with all the close-ups. And the ending to it felt particularly weird. I get that you want a happy rounding out of the series, but ...
Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the second season of Shin no Nakama! Perhaps you thought this would be a formulaic continuation of the rather mediocre power fantasy isekai/slice of life the first season was. Little did you know that the showmakers decided to pander to a different market segment altogether. Yes, this show is now officially an ecchi harem isekai. Bring out the champagne!. . Well, that wasn't totally fair. It is not just an ecchi harem isekai. It also has elements of (explicitly acknowledged) incest, polygamy, and sexualization of underage girls. Your FBI agent will definitely shake his head. That much, I can guarantee.. . I can hear ...
Been a very long time since I watched anything associated with this series, 2002 to be specific. That’s when .hack//SIGN aired and, while I had a high opinion of it at the time, more exposure to anime and thinking about the story soured me on it. The characters were fine and the music was straight fire (still one of my favorite soundtracks - Yuki Kajiura remains a force), but the narrate got strange and ground to a crawl at points.. . So I booted this up in the hopes of capturing some of what I loved about the series so long ago. Once the OP came up, ...
To quote Goblin Slayer himself from this series: "Nothing changed. We accept a quest, head to the location, slay goblins, save any prisoners, and go home. That is everything. [...] This road doesn't end. It's neverending. [...] That's all there is.". . I enjoyed the first season of this show, it had a lot of promise. However, everything in this season is filler, you could skip to the next season when it comes out and you probably wouldn't notice much difference. It isn't a spoiler to say so, because there is nothing to spoil. Whenever a new plot element is introduced, it is immediately resolved with no ...
I found this series much more boring than the previous one. The cards don't feel as exciting.. . They have erased the personalities of the characters, especially Sakura and Shaoran.. . Sakura was a happy and outgoing girl while in this new season she is too shy, she gets embarrassed all the time, Shaoran was already quiet but now I find him much more and I thought it was bad that he didn't tell Sakura what is happening. In general I found the dialogues very boring.. . In short, this new series seems to be trying to be more refined than the first and ends up being boring, they only talk ...
I love Naruto. And I'm quite used to its questionable writing and other issues. But this movie is just bad. The plot is awful, really showy for no reason, feels like filler, and Hinata is boiled down to a damsel in distress so that Naruto can have someone to save and make him shine. Hinata has proven in the past that she is way stronger and determined than she is in this movie. Honestly her behaviour is ooc.. . This is my score upon a full rewatch of the series. Last time I saw this movie a few years back I just kinda felt whatever about it, ...
I'm neither the biggest fan of 2.43, nor am I the biggest fan of Picture dramas. logically, I like the combination of the two even less. Granted, expecting anything from Picture dramas would also be stupid, as they're just weird fan service for hardcore fans, but does this anime even have that passionate of a fanbase? The rules of volleyball are explained from time to time in the episodes. Mostly it feels like it's aimed at little fangirls who are into the chibi version of their "super cute volleyball character". Apparently these episodes were published on Twitter. So they are nothing more than mere advertising ...
i think the anime is just mediocre, all the characters are less than memorable, can't even remember their name.. . i think the plot of forming a boys choir is not a bad idea, just that the execution is terrible. and what's with the last episode's ending? what does it mean? is the conductor staying to continue teaching them or he is going to go back to his original conductor position, i totally don't get it.. . i kept on watching instead of dropping the anime as i was hoping there will be some sort of climax in the development however there was none. i would say not to ...
It's extremely disappointing and upsetting to see a show with such a strong premise, a compelling teacher, mostly good humor and the right level of lightness, completely wrecking itself by making a supporting character who's designed to be an unrepentant child predator. It has a whole episode dedicated to her, and her past, and her interest in her students, all get addressed. Not in any meaningful way. For any narrative that is for-the-kids, it necessarily can't be making excuses for these kinds of school environments and personalities. Exploiting undeveloped minds like that is truly unforgivable, and the fact it just rolls over it so casually ...
This anime throw every niche thing, from workplace into isekai then supernatural and pet?. The tag genre include comedy, but I'm not see any comedy that make me laugh. Rather it's getting boring. . With that so many niche thing, they didn't give direction where the story want to go. There's no purpose, no threat, no motive, no comedy.. . The MC also bland, he like Pet then what. I could even skip some dialog and still not missing out anything. After 3 episode in, I'm not even have interest to continue watching.. . You also have sugita with his voice that famous and fit in comedy character, yet they not ...
(update upon completion). . The anime turned out to be fragmented and ill-structured till the end. Among the many characters introduced (with polarizing traits), not a single one left a lasting impression on me; the connections between the characters were also very weak. Perhaps this was intended with much ambitions yet to be fully showcased; but for the audience, it was annoyingly chaotic.. . The story's progression mainly revolved around the male protagonist Sasaki getting entangled in various issues in two different worlds and smoothly resolving them by navigating between various factions. The anime tried hard to portray Sasaki as a mature problem-solver, but the lack of persuasive problem-solving ...
A typical "Cute Girls Doing Cute Things" anime with theme being mahjong. While CGDCT genre has many bland animes, this one brought boringness to another level.. . The parts involving mahjong were quite challenging to watch. Even it provided some basic explanations, it’d be very hard to follow if one knows nothing about mahjong. Viewers would need to be quite familiar with mahjong/gambling-themed anime in order to understand the jokes in ep.1.. . The parts without mahjong were incredibly dull. The characters' personalities weren’t distinct: Riche might be the most different one, while the other three girls all seemed to have similar casual, optimistic personality. The way anime ...
Ergo Proxy has a lot of issues. It's hard to know where to start. One of the main problems is that it's too similar to Ghost in the Shell: Innocence. Both stories are weak and are mainly there to distract from the flaws with dazzling visuals. It starts off well but quickly becomes tedious and slow. It tries too hard to be intelligent and ends up being annoying.. . The first episode is excellent, and it looks amazing. It hooks you in, but unfortunately, the rest of the story is slow and doesn't have much momentum. There are too many episodes where one character just talks to ...
I started this anime by recommendations praising its mature romance and thoughtful inclusivity. Sadly, I was bamboozled again by the weebs who rationalized their taste. Neither of those is true if you see through the lines. The anime is just a typical escapist romance written for teenagers transplanted into another setting, and the framing of deafness is patronizing because of the trad tropes. To explain my criticism, I will use a chapter from another manga involving a deaf main character.. . Hidamari ga Kikoeru is a BL that explores the difficulties of being a hot guy with hearing difficulties, from solitude to expectations, from infantilization to romanticization. ...
This anime was a fever dream. It’s full of red flags and honestly not even I know why I kept watching. Like every romantic interaction between the leads made me extremely uncomfortable. It would have been cute if he was like 18 or something but the age gap of 10 years plus him being her parental figure just makes me gag. Honestly even if the has 18 his actions would still be weird.. . Don’t waste your time on this not just the story is trash but also the animation was low budget. Sometimes they don’t open their mouths to speak or don’t close them after. ...
This show includes slavery, sexism, attempted rape, sexual assault, physical abuse, and blackmail; all in just the first 3 episodes. The protagonist is degraded and assaulted (verbally, physically, and sexually) regularly. One side character creates fake blackmail to force the protagonist to do the photo taker's bidding over fear of death if the photos were revealed to protagonist's master. The protagonist's master also threatens to mutilate their genitalia if they step out of line. There is sooooo much wrong with this show. Also, there is full frontal nudity, so it's basically a hentai pretending to be an ecchi anime.. . Aside from the obviously horrible adult content, ...
Well... here ends the second season of this anime that, even with impeccable production, I couldn't like at all.. . Many weird and strange jokes... with a slice of life that didn't really catch my attention.. . I tried giving the second season a chance, thinking it might be better, but no, it's still pretty bad. . ------------------------. . Pt/Br. . ...
The first few episodes were fun, I had a chuckle or two watching this anime up until episode 3 or 4. Then I had to literally drag my feet to finish the entire series, and the final five episodes were so dull and boring.. . Some of the jokes get too repetitive by the second half of the show (like the sentimental girl) and some are just there for no reason. Not funny, didn't make me laugh (the rough looking student's older sister). I just had to finish this because it has been sitting in my "on hold" for too long. Some of the gags are ...
The best thing to come out of "Mahou Shoujo ni Akogarete" is that it inspired me to have a bigger discussion on Ecchi as a genre. How ecchi does a show need to be to become downright Hentai? I think with "Mahou Shoujo ni Akogarete" we reached the very threshold. Honestly, I think the show would've been happier just taking the leap and going full hentai, because that's what it clearly wants to do.. . If you enjoy fan service and smut, this anime will not disappoint, but I cannot recommend it to anyone looking for a decent story. Initially, the premise caught my attention. The ...
Maybe Miyazaki was right. Maybe anime was a mistake.. . I know he didn't technically say that - shut up. Bakemonogatari, huh? I implore somebody to explain the appeal of this show to me without resorting to one of these three talking points:. . 1) "You just didn't understand it." I like to think I'm more media-savvy than most yayhoos you could pull off the street, and I don't think Bake was just some unfathomably deep show that a mere peon like me couldn't begin to properly comprehend. The fervor I've seen surrounding this show reminds me of when Rick and Morty's popularity was at its peak. "To be ...
What the fuck did I just watch?. . The Good:. The only redeeming qualities from this was the amazing art by MAPPA and the insert songs which is the only reason its not a 1. In my opinion I feel like this movie was just a side project for the animators to flex their skills and they just decided to tack on a story afterwards as a passing thought.. . The Bad:. I think I got an aneurysm trying to understand the plot, this was more confusing then the last season of Attack on titan. The movie just tries to introduce way too many plot points, and there are also gaping ...
Rikako is a petty arrogant child who treats both Taku with very little consideration, yet the viewers are supposed to believe there's a love going on and the moments they spend together were happy, despite Rikako's gaslighting, insults, manipulation and obvious contempt. It bothers me how our two protagonists hate each other, but the movie tries to trick you into believing the opposite, but to no avail.. . 89% on Rotten Tomatoes and 73 critic score on metacritic. WHY?!. Any romantic anime recommendations are appreciated. I need something to wash away the bad taste Umi ga Kikoeru left in my mouth.
I usually don't watch such pieces from start to the end but I wanted to make my own opinion. And I have to say that I usually don't use word "overrated" but this anime is precisely that. But hey, maybe somebody can have some fun with it, it's a question of taste, right?. . Let's start with what this anime even is. It's supposed to be obviously parody on Harry Potter and One Punch Man. Within labels it has parts as "comedy" or "gag humor". I really liked the concept and wanted to try it, well, anime didn't deliver some good quality entertainment.... . First I would like to ...
The animations is good on the first ep, average on the first few afters and kinda generic and souless after ep 4 ~ 5.. . There were some decent concepts and characters introduced on the story but most of them fade away in quality, 30% of the story becomes characters and stuff which will not believe on MC strength so he has a chance to always prove how powerful and reliable he is, Another 30% of the story will be characters and stuff that do believes on MC strength so he has a chance to prove he is right, and awesome, etc. You can ...
I will be very clear about why I gave this film a low rating and why it is horrible: UTA IS A TERRIBLE CHARACTER!!. . What's more, are they playing with us? Did they create so much hype around Shanks' appearance for the damn thing to appear in very few frames? Honestly, horrible, I found the story really boring too, Uta is a spoiled girl who can't get over her traumas and wants everyone to get involved in it. I swear, when they put that scene showing that Uta was part of Luffy's childhood, I wanted to leave the movie theater. I've seen One Piece movies that ...
It was SO BAD that it forced me to write a review to keep others from making a mistake.. I've heard of it many times and finally decided to watch it.. I'M SO REGRETTING THE TIME I'VE WASTED.. I want to wash that crap off.. . It's literally one of the worst anime I've ever seen, and I've seen plenty.. and it's not even a special category!. My very first dropped anime, bravo. . . ...
When I first heard about this anime, I only knew that the author of Akame ga Kill had something to do with it and I thought I would give it a chance... I regret it. . Unfortunately, this anime is a crap ecchi comedy with action elements.. So classic in this type of shit, empty characters and empty plot, these things are not important in this type of anime if the comedy, interactions between characters, action scenes and ecchi are fine but in this anime everything is so repetitive and boring that it hurts.. . Mc is the most typical hero of generic ecchi action, a virgin ...
Yet another Sherlock Holmes rip off that autistic detective with a gimmick and his/her relatively normal (in the context) sidekick go around and solve mysteries.. . I dont want to go in too much detail as it seems like there is one of these animes every season and all of them use same formula. Autistic detective with a gimmick meets the sidekick, he/she helps the sidekick to solve the problem then they team up and contunie solving more cases while detective's `oh so mysterious and tragic` past catches up with them... Basically there is nothing original to delve into. If you watch one of these, you will ...
Season 2 was a mess and you're huffing copium if you think otherwise.. . I say this as someone who was a massive JJK fan for years (with tons of money tied up in merch and mangas, not to mention the countless hours spent watching the first season) - this show dropped off and MAPPA shit the bed. The animation for season 2 was atrocious after Hidden Inventory. There are scenes where mouths don't move when people talk, and some of the fights are static and sloppy. The Megumi-Toji fight, the Sukuna-Jogo fight, and the Yuji-Mahito fight (specifically the wolf v rabbit scene) were all SO ...
This anime was highly praised so I eventually got around to watching it, but it was profoundly disappointing. There are only one of two conclusions that can be reached: Either the author failed to convey anything meaningful or it was completely pointless to begin with. Why is this the case? Every episode starts with a mystery that is never solved and ends with a conclusion that has no meaning, and what happens in the middle doesn't matter. At best there are random scenes one may resonate with, and in parts there are interesting ideas, but as a whole there is just nothing there.
Do yourself a favour and don't waste your time on this. The MC is annoying the background characters are annoying and the story is non-existent. The only redeeming quality it has is the animation and in the end even that feels like a waste of budget on this anime. Watching it you will feel like the author was constantly confused if he should write an isekai anime or a slice of life anime with an "I am suddenly very handsome but still shy MC". Even writing this review feels like a waste of time.. . TLDR: It's not worth your time unless, time is all you have ...
it felt like the author was truly struggling to portray any chemistry between the romance leads, let alone the background characters - the dialogue got quite repetitive after the 4th episode, leading me to painfully witness plain, robotic interactions for the rest of the series.. other than that, it seems like the script writers were lacking in the human decency department, trying to portray sexual harassment, objectification of the female high-schoolers and actions taken against them without their consent as ''normal'' and something to be laughed at, painting one of the leading degenerates as simply a goofy, not-to-be-taken-seriously klutz. but why should i expect anything more ...
Reviewing Baki has been difficult because the seasons have limited content. This can be considered the best of all seasons so far, but it still suffers from problems similar to those of previous seasons. It has yet another long ass training arc for Baki, without much introduction. The actions within this arc are less interesting than Oliva’s character.. . The animation has improved, but it's still not great. The slow pacing is a significant drawback, and trimming 2-3 episodes from this season could have easily maintained the content without sacrificing substance. The fights lack variety, and the show becomes a freeze-frame battle where characters pretend to be ...
“Within these truths it is evident that I am truly me; the watcher of bad anime, the sniffer of glue, and the pooper of mine own pants.” - Me, five minutes ago. . (Reviews CotE seasons one, two, and the first three episodes of season three; TLDR at the bottom). . Classroom of the Elite is the biggest pile of abject garbage that I can’t stop watching. On almost every front, I consider the show to be a complete failure. It’s pretentious, tonally inconsistent, and borderline unwatchable at points—and yet, here I am, back for my third song and dance with this series. I’ve tried to figure out why ...
Pretty much the same as "10-pun de Oitsukeru: Shingeki no Kyojin". Except that the third season is included and has been extended by 5 minutes. I'm still wondering who exactly these videos are intended for. They are far too short to be able to follow a whole 3 seasons of AoT. Especially when you consider that the finale of the third season completely changes the idea of the world of AoT and opens up completely different depths of the story, another 5 minutes don't add much. There are certainly better summaries of the 3 seasons on YouTube, which may be a little longer, but are ...
Do people watch this and choose to like it?. . The main character Atsuko is super annoying, completely useless, and downright disrespectful to everyone. She manages to ruin everyone's day and still be mad at them when they get angry at her. I have no idea why someone would make the MC this unlikable. in the end, I just ended up rooting for Diana. The story is very predictable but sometimes manages to go above and beyond to make the story even more pointless and annoying. Characters are badly written, and most of them have no soul. Don't waste your time on this. But if you ...
Never before have I been at a loss for words at the brutality of a show. I don't feel like a number review is even fitting, the only way to describe it is horrifying. There's no substance, it's just the most violence the writers could possibly conceive. Midori is another example of an extremely notorious anime, but that had depth, it told a story instead of just showcasing rape. I watched this because I wanted to find the most brutal anime I could, and at this point in time this one takes the cake. It's not worth the watch, and it's made all the worse ...
This is one of the most baffling anime experiences I've ever had. Here is an anime almost nobody knew about, both in Japan and over in America, and this project appears to be this studio's very first anime.. Well they are definitely learning how to make anime in the School of HARD KNOCKS. It's supposed to be a Boy's Choir, though in the very first episode they show dancing, and a routine that more resembles idol performance. There are some bits and pieces that hint at someone in this studio knowing about singing... but it's not much, and the show has a distinct feeling that it ...
The plot is set against the backdrop of a future wherein humankind expanded on to several planets due to scientific developments. The Galactic Organization of Trade and Tariffs (GOTT) presents the ES Force, a secret group of 12 operatives trained to deal with rising criminal activities. The main characters, Éclair and Lumière, are ordinary “C ”class people – their adventures in the ES Force expose hidden horrors inside the GOTT. Despite the plot's lack of complexity, the 26 episodes attempt to capture interest.. . Though the characters are kind of interesting, character development is quite scarce. As time passes, the show particularly focuses on the special features ...
Yikes.. . If you're someone who cherished the characters from season 1, DO NOT WATCH this season. It takes away far more than it adds.. . I knew the stories wouldn't be as impactful since the main story was already told in the first season, but I figured this would be a special treat. I was expecting that these excerpts would give us more time with the characters we love, especially some of the lesser explored supporting characters, in a way that would give us more appreciation for them. I couldn't be more wrong.. . I can sum up the failure with one word: overreacting. Instead of exploring new ...
=====TL;DR=====. . STORY (Review adjusted based on show length). . Complexity: 2. World-Building: 2. Pace: 5. Direction: 4. . CHARACTERS (Review adjusted based on show length). ...
This is just my temporary opinion after watching the first 3 episodes. When I first read the synopsis of this anime, I thought it would be similar to "Record of Ragnarok." However, after watching 3 episodes, there hasn't been a clear discussion about the tournament. The three episodes only delve into the background of each character. If it continues like this, there might be only one fight in the tournament, as it would take many episodes to explain the background of each participant. In my opinion, this is less efficient.. . The animation and visuals are nothing special, quite ordinary. The CGI is a bit uncomfortable to ...
Straight up and to the point with this one here,. . Watch only if you are into drama and emotional buildup with a dashing of some comedy.. . I feel like this was a massive downgrade from what the first airing of this series about 2 years ago showed me.. Hilariously straight forwarded and downright narrow sighted MC getting it on with it by one, a massive pain the rear Tsundere.. Willing,but could never go over the edge Kuudere and a smart but somehow clumsy Ojou are the main attractions of this show.. Though in my eyes, the only one character that caught my eye was the vtuber who still sees the ...
I will try not to be too critical, I will also highlight the positive points of the show.. I abandoned it after 4 episodes, when I really intended to watch 3 and decide about continuing it then. Before I was not a fan of leaving anime halfway through, but over the years being a fan of this medium, I have learned to value my time and I hope to help anyone reading this to do the same.. . I admit that the beginning was entertaining and the main characters fit because they were of similar ages, an aspect that made it not so unpleasant for me that the ...
This anime was pretty boring to be honest. The saving grace was the great animation and sound quality as well as some decent voice acting.. . The premise was a standard, done to death reincarnation which doesn't add anything to the genre as a whole. There are isekai twists and turns, but they are neither surprising nor interesting. The MC is a classic insertion fantasy protagonist with as much personality as a potato. I truly dislike characters who are created with being a battle junkie as their only personality trait. Not only would those people die straight away but they also are constantly used as cheap plot ...
for the longest time i thought this movie was a direct sequel to the previous season, that i needed to watch it before jumping on the next season, but that's not the case, the race part of this movie is not only quite rushed, but pure filler and it just hurts the actual story, not only because it replaces the previous sendoff for the 3rd years, in the interhigh, but also because as you watch it, you will see some solid scenes that seem like a perfect fit to the story, but then while watching the next season, you'll see those same scenes again, except ...
I'm going to be very childish, but I really don't care. I dropped as soon as I saw that horrible side mouth thing that they had going on. It's the work of an amateur and just not very good. It's actually creepy.. . The characters for the most part were just meh so far. Main character is a hero of justice, but what else is new? He just selflessly helps others. He's in a living situation with a few other people. One is his teacher, whose father is the landlord. The other are a pair of siblings. ...
The thing that a lot of shows like this get wrong is that EVERYTHING is simple, when that's not the right step to take. When you're making a slice of life about something as simple as baking, the personalities of the characters and the interactions need to be that much better. You need to go more in-depth and show more comradery. And I'll say the elephant in the room, less male main characters and more female main characters.. . You want to know why Shonen is more popular than harem? Because sure the wish fulfillment of being surrounded by a bunch ...
When I think of a slice of life centering around a family whose parents are gone or presumably dead, I think of the Minami Family in Minami-Ke. It's a fun show where the majority of the show is dedicated to a comedic slice of life. Of course, the cute interactions are, for the most part, embellished while Yuzuki-san Chi no Yonkyoudai is much more...serious at some points while sometimes also maintaining that same embellished comedic interactions. This is good and bad for this show.. . While Minami-ke is entirely slice-of-life comedy, Yuzuki-san Chi no Yonkyoudai deals with more serious motifs. For example, even the concept of orphaned ...
It's better to just stop until the Final Act rather than continue watching this one.... The story is a bit unsatisfying to me, more precisely, it's boring for me... 4/10.. The opening doesn't match the music a bit... 6/10.. There were several questions that arose in my mind when I first watched the anime... but I won't put them here because I'm too lazy to type at length.. I don't really care about the main characters... and for me, the three of them are not interesting at all... the MC lacks "Character Development" in the story, especially Towa.. This anime really disappointed me... yes, I was wrong to have my ...
This show was mediocre at best. they make it seem nice bc everyone has rgb hair. this is something common with seasonals like this. I just start to lose interest at halfway point. . so basically the mc said he wanted to end the chaos that would ensue in a couple years. but instead the whole show is just about him getting 2 friends and trying to "fight" against the discrimination that commoners face. Now I did drop this show at ep 10 and I am not sure either if theres gonna be a season 2 so they could imrpove on the story later I guess.. . also his friends.. romantica is fine ...
It felt like a completely different anime in the beginning, only to devolve into a cliché isekai DND party-esque anime. It started out with a banger of a plot, revolving around the world AFTER where most anime usually end. It delved into very deep themes about outliving your loved ones, about dark themes of immortality/ slower aging, while holding up a very cozy feeling, which would prevent the anime from feeling too depressing. It had so much potential, and yet it fell on its head and right into the mimic, and this time, the mimic ate 'em whole.. . I would say that there is a lot ...
Seizure Warning: Don't watch this anime if your prone to seizures, they love to flash lights every fourth of a second in this anime to compensate that they had no budget or time to make this anime. It's prevalent throughout the entire series and especially in the final episode.. . Record of the Lodoss War is not a hidden gem and the people who like it are talking with Rose-Tinted Glasses on. They story is all over the place and episodes skip context that would make the next episodes make sense. The narrator will say some important information non-chalantely and then move on with "more important ...
How is it possible for such a good premise to be wasted in a tremendous slowness of disjointed, nonsensical dialogues without any coherence? I am sad because when the first season was released, we were expecting to see innovative, enjoyable, and action-packed content. However, as always, nothing significant happens to the adventurers; the protagonist always emerges victorious without anyone suffering, and there is no chance of anything bad occurring.. . Everything consistently falls into place, and there is no captivating storyline to keep watching. I finished it, but with a great deal of drowsiness and the inclination to give up on every episode. I am happy for ...
Kawagoe Boys Sing — the anime version of the choir done to disservice, nuff said.. . Original shows are pretty much a big risk when it comes to anime, simply because they lean on all of the aspects that make anime so great: story, characters, animation, and music. And in the case of NBCUniversal Entertainment Japan's complete backing of this show, music is at the forefront AND centre as the show's showpiece...but yet it can't even do that right.. . Let's back things up: no one, and I mean, NO ONE, in Japan and everywhere else cared much for this show, and one sign of it is the sales ...
There's not much to say about a ten minute summary of Attack on Titan. It summarises important points from the first two seasons, but even that is only rough. Scenes from the anime are cut together to further explain the story. The summary is very superficial and only pays attention to particular key events of the story, but that's probably the point, since you don't need more for this kind of summary, which only lasts 10 minutes. It's for people who just need a little food for thought in case they've forgotten the content of the first two seasons. People who need to watch a ...
HOW DO YOU FUMBLE THE BAG SO HARD???. . This anime had one of the most captivating first episodes and I honestly felt like they truly caught lightning. After watching that episode I was sure that this would be one of my favorite shows that would explore deep topics and hit you with heart wrenching and human themes.. . But after that brief moment of hope, it immediately all went downhill. the characters were shallow and the story went all over the place without any true purpose. I'm all for confusing and complicated plots but this isn't it, it's just bad writing. and don't even get me started that ...
Sorry, but I can’t overlook the fact that there is a middle-aged woman inside the body of a teenager and that she is actively seducing another teenager. It’s so wrong in my mind that I can’t take anything this anime does seriously.. . It’s sad because this anime brought to the table a lot of things that aren’t called out in anime. If only the author had approached it in another way. But at the same time, the author also thinks that it’s okay for a middle-aged woman to seduce a teenager, so I guess I’m not missing a lot by skipping this. I will not support ...
Hahaha, hahaha, hhaaha... what that? No one's laughing? According to people on forums we are just not getting the joke that this show is. Supposedly it's a horror parody, although that is yet to be mentioned or hinted. To be honest, I didn't get the joke either.. . Word "retard" in past was used to describe people with limited intelligence. These days it's only used for derogatory purposes. That said, this show is about retards. Medical cases and just downright stupid people. There's simply no way to describe characters of this show in politically correct way, nor would I want to do so in the first place.. . It's ...
(ENG vers.). Three episodes were enough to trace exactly the route this anime takes. Forced jokes about how strong and out of control the protagonist is are the basis of this anime, and although there were no relevant battles in these first episodes, it is clear that future action scenes will be completed in the most idiotic way possible just to try to get a laugh out of who watches. It turns out that this bizarrely exaggerated comic relief is what makes the scenes lose all the fun they could have. Finally, the protagonist's apathetic personality is a reflection of everything I felt when watching these ...
(ENG vers.). This anime tries to be serious, featuring shocking deaths that are supposed to move the viewer, but it ends up being a joke in itself. Whenever a fight and death scene ends, right after comes a cute comedy scene to break up the atmosphere, apart from the fact that all the girls mysteriously fall in love with the unsalted protagonist. These silly and childish elements tucked into the middle of the work take away all the seriousness that the anime could have. Honestly, it was a huge struggle to watch all the episodes, and I think that even if it were a seinen this ...
Definitely not worth watching this one. Animation is not good. It's choppy and lacking details. Backgrounds are one gradient away from non-existent. It's as if someone realized they can't use black so they made some silly spotlight looking gradient. To make matters worse it's static and repeated about 55 times each episode. Impossibly lazy. Same goes for character animation, still bodies with only lips moving and reused shots.. . Characters themselves are annoying and not believable one bit. Wife which throws away everything husband likes, then goes on to worry if he's not liking her anymore while not missing a single opportunity to criticize him for everything, ...
(ENG vers.). Reading the synopsis of this anime, the concept of the world and the story seem very interesting, but all the interest in it is wasted with a progress that is completely boring to watch. In the first few minutes of the first episode, countless information is thrown at the audience in a very poorly thought out way, making it extremely difficult and tiring to understand the plot, with almost 50 minutes of just loose dialogue without prior context. This is tedious.. . Other than that, most of the characters are not at all charismatic and their fights are not exciting, both due to terrible direction and ...
Before diving into the anime I should probably explain that this 24 episode show is split into 3 chapters: White, Green and Blue. Normally I wouldn't have any problems regarding an anime being split into different chapters as it isnt something strange... but the problem here emerges from... the chapters are not related at all to eachother besides happening in the same universe, and because they're totally unrelated I will talk about each one separately.. . The first chapter that we get to see is the White Chapter, taking the first 9 episodes out of the 24. Albeit being quite the generic sci-fi military plot this is ...
i'm a huge fan of the games, but i never liked the anime, even when i was a kid. the reason being, team rocket. they are horrible, not funny, annoying. and they are in every damm episode. now dont get me wrong, team rocket of the games is badass and i do want an anime that focuses on the stories of the games. maybe a season per generation. (pokemon origins is too short and only cover the first generation). . the thing that i hate about this anime. every damm episode its the same. team rocket appear, they steal pikachu or another pokemon, they are blown away ...
ok, that is one of the worst animes that i have ever seen, is not the worst but even so it is very bad. . at start, the story is full of conveniences, generic things and scenes that wanna be good and epic bot finally it has some interesting moments but it is only 10% or 20% off all story, its very simple and even sometimes its a little boring. . The characters are so mid, there are some interesting or decent like zora, Asta, Nacht o yami but they are only a 10% of this history, the others are very simply and basic. . The production is quite standrad, ...
The entirety of this anime takes place in one room.. . Aside from that, it doesn't really do anything that interesting. It doesn't even really have a unique premise to make me step back and go, "oh, that's pretty cool to think about." Just two characters talking to each other in a room for 20 minutes for 12 episodes. The main character is the usual self-insert husk, the main girl is so very cute, ah yes, if only I had a cute girl that would come over and cook for me and such.. . It's not insultingly bad, but I genuinely do not remember much about this anime and ...
This isn't really a review. I just have a question to ask the gallery: why?. . The original VHS tape of Offside Girl did not land in a cornfield, somewhere. It was not magically spawned from the unfocused lustful thoughts of Japanese salarymen a la Warhammer daemonic incursion. This was made. Somebody (almost certainly some *group* of people) decided to make this. On purpose. It was a deliberate process. Someone sat down at a computer and said to themselves "let's make an animation.". . So why. . did the animators. . refuse to animate anything?!. . This is a recurring theme, among the dregs of hentai projects. It's something that occurs in other genres of ...
Mushoku Tensei is a show where you reach an immediate high after the first few episodes, with beautiful art and cool power progression, which are a joy surpassing the uncomfortable character you are introduced to. Then, what follows is a slow spiral into the most disgusting trash i have ever had the displeasure of watching. The main character stops all sort of power progression which immediately removed so much enjoyment for me but I continued on. His ugly character isn't properly addressed and he even embraces it in certain parts, leaving almost no character progression aside from him occasionally getting depressed, after which not much ...
This anime is so plain, Project No.9 has yet to drop a banger and this anime just proves my point.. . Otonari starts off where the main character, Shiina is sitting in the rain and magical Fujimaya is here to save the day with his umbrella. Shiina finds out Fujimaya lives in a shithole and offers to cook dinner for him as payment as to escorting her home with cover. The 2 personalities of the 2 characters are quickly figured out as they both contradict each other. Shinna is a beautiful popular smart athletics whatever girl while Fujimaya is a fat stinky ugly no friends loser. Wow! ...
Baki: The Great Raitaisai Arc follows the previous Baki anime that aired in 2016. In this latest offering, Baki is poisoned and Retsu Kaioh abducts him in order to treat him using ancient Chinese combat arts. The show centers on the Chinese Raitasai Tournament, a tournament that occurs once every 100 years.. . Most fights in the anime are nonsensical without backstories, and the opponents break bones during fights. Nonetheless, the slowness of the show’s pace often translated to some episodes that dragged on and on. The tournament arc as plot is the main focus of the story, and very little characterization is made available for the ...
This is one of the worst anime anyone can lay their eyes on. This feels like someone looked at something like Code Geass and decided, "Yeah, let's mess that up phenomenally", and crushed every existing mecha fan's hopes and dreams.. . The female cast, widely prevalent, is unnecessarily sexualised, is put in awkward situations for the laughs (which nobody did laugh to), and honestly sounds like a group of seven-year-olds playing with action figures.. . The plot is confusing, convoluted and badly explained, the animation is barely passable, the music is quite honestly forgettable, and the voice actors are just annoying to listen to. Overall, this is possibly the ...
Particularly long and difficult to watch as not a single episode is good nor entertaining enough to keep you awake. The series has not much to do with the OVA to start with and the characters are also very different from the movie. The little girl (brand new addition) is extremely annoying and her English dub is absolutely awful. I really don't see why anyone would want to watch DSA unless you are a die-hard fan of the OVA (and I personally LOVE the OVA). Again, it will be a MUCH different experience with the series. The art is also not great and the humor ...
I finally finished Neon Genesis Evangelion after starting it 15 years ago & this anime is genuinely the biggest most overrated overhyped pile of pretentious psychobabble hipster horse $#@% Ive ever seen in my life. Im in complete & utter awe of how immensley overrated this literal garbage is. WTFH?!. . I don't even know where to begin. This to me is objectively the most overrated and overhyped anime in the entire industry. Terrible and I mean AWFUL dub, terrible annoying characters, thin non existant plot, no closure, baseless monster of the week crap for the first half of the series. People said it gets better after ...
Season 1 worked extremely well because it allowed for the exploration of the human psyche by pitting the most broken and desperate men against each other with their lives on the line, perfectly providing the opportunity to display the main character's ironclad desire to never let these evil games of chance turn him into somebody he's not, while showcasing deep strategy from the smartest players who best all of the systems they're forced into at all odds.. . Simply put, Season 2 handles this poorly.. . Throughout this 26-episode season, Kaiji only plays two games of "chance," with only one of them being against another human.. The first arc starts ...
This show tells the story of a young ninja who wants to be a Hokage. He relies on elemental attacks and ninjutsu. This is probably the kind of story you already know.. . But it doesn’t match the benchmark of Naruto. It is not as diverse or complicated. Plus, it's not even finished. The show fails to generate sufficient tension as it lacks seriousness. For instance, the main character belongs to history and is moved to the present-day. This generates a sense of bewilderment.. . The show only lasts for 42 episodes. But that is not enough time to care about the characters or the story. The show was ...
ENG/ESP Review on Jujutsu Kaisen Second Season. This review contains minor spoilers.. . ENGLISH:. . Everyone told me to wait for the Shibuya Incident arc, that it is one of the best arcs in shounen and I have also seen people comparing it to the Chimera Ant arc from Hunter x Hunter 2011 (something I could almost consider an insult to Togashi's work). It is to no one's surprise that the second season of Jujutsu Kaisen retains many of the first season's flaws. It is still a work devoid of any substance and it contains many notable tone problems; when it tries to be dark it is ruined by the ...
Is it worth watching an entire season just for the last 2 episodes to be good?. No.. Consider Part 1 the ending. Go do something else.. . As well as the last scene is, and as anticipated as the reveal was, I do not consider it worth watching the whole show just for it. Maybe somebody could make an abridged version that leaves out the boss fight arc, and that'll make it better to watch and less dragged out. We don't learn much more about the characters, and they stop becoming interesting as soon as the focus is turned away from the survival aspect.
Into the Forest of Fireflies' Light was incredibly disappointing. Based on the trailer, rating, synopsis, and cover, I really expected this to be a cute, sweet, heartwarming movie. Unfortunately it's just a tale of pedophilia and grooming. I didn't realize this was meant to be a romance going into it, so that's my fault I suppose. Regardless, this anime is just 40 minutes of an adult flirting with a child and watching her grow older. The whole thing is gross, but this would've been a decent story if not for the egregious age gap. I only gave this 2 stars instead of 1 because the ...
This was so bad. First 5 eps were quite good. 8/10. Then it started going downhill. It got worse with every episode. Even then if it ended with episode 11 minus last w mins i would still give it a 6. But the last episode was just as bad and didn't redeem itself at all.. . More info to let myanimelist publish my review -. The concept was unique I think? Atleast i haven't seen it before. The story wasn't though. And I didn't enjoy it precisely because of that. It would have been better if it didn't follow the cliche.. The art style was good.. One character was ...
*War, soap opera, dogs, and testosterone*. . ~~. . !! SPOILER-FILLED REVIEW !!. . ~~. . Ginga is a shooting star without the majesty clothed by the glow of its epithet, an eventual meteorite causing a wreckage of my stargazing.. . As a 1986 show (which is relatively old in my book), I thought I would add in more leniency when reflecting upon the experience of sitting through a crudely directed 21-episode anime of hundreds of wild talking dogs killing each other to finally kill a couple of bears that number less than the episode count, but I confirmed that the same studio released Dragon Ball in the same year, and Takahata's adaptation of Anne ...
As Kiba Snowpaw and Ice Wolf Alpha, I can't help but feel disgusted and appalled by this anime. Diabolik Lovers is a trainwreck of a series that should never have been adapted into an anime. The story is nonsensical and lacks any real plot development or characterization. Yui, the main character, is portrayed as a helpless and submissive girl who allows herself to be molested and beaten up by the vampire brothers for their pleasure. It's a story gone wrong with Yui being the heroine, but instead of being strong and fighting back, she submits to her tormentors without any resistance.. . The construction of the story ...
I honestly don’t know why I continue to watch this anime series. The first season was great and generated a lot of excitement. However, the second season was disappointing due to its lackluster animation and missing information. Despite my disappointment with the second season, I decided to give the third season a chance, hoping it would redeem the series.. . Unfortunately, the third season failed to meet my expectations. The storyline, which revolves around three missing heroes and the Shield Hero’s attempts to save them, is uninteresting. Moreover, the characters are easily manipulated, which adds to the frustration.. . One aspect that particularly bothers me is the Shield Hero’s ...
*You might consider what I'm writing at certain times a spoiler, continue reading with caution. Please keep in mind that this is my first ever review and English is not my native language.. . Neon Genesis Evangelion is the worst anime I've ever watched. Now, many of you will probably go ahead and check out my profile and see that I haven't really watched a big amount of anime yet, which is true and brings me to my next statement. I'm fairly certain that no anime I'll ever watch is going to replace this one as the worst one on my list. This review will go over ...
I don't think I've seen quite all of them, but this is easily Miyazaki's ugliest movie, despite the welcome return of hand-drawn animation. Especially at the beginning, there were WEIRDLY detailed objects like bags and corridors that looked like they were rotoscoped for no reason. The water's fluidity and the curtain to the birthing chamber looked like early 2000s CGI, which isn't a dig on the incredible craftsmanship. I'm just saying it clashed very, very badly with the overall animation design. Just because it is hard to accomplish, that does not mean it is better.. . Also, the plot was just kind of all over the place. ...
Aot was hailed to be one of the best animes to have ever came out, which for the first few episodes initially captivates viewers with its dynamic animation, fluid action and premise brimming with intriguing potential. However soon after that the entire writing staff seemingly got replaced with edgy 12 year olds probably because its cheaper to hire and then falls into an onslaught of narrative inconsistencies, predictable character cliches, and hollow worldbuilding that wants you to dig deeper into an empty cavern. The level of quality I'd see people bashing about for 5 hours but I guess the probably 100 million+ people who saw ...
Fans of “Baki” already know what to expect. Where the show becomes more interested in establishing a strange and improbable situation between fights, rather than martial arts, logic, sense of coherence and explanations or intense battles. One would wonder how it is possible that even serious injuries, which could be facial wounds or severed hands, can easily be handled if only using simple means like band aids and stitches. The show is not about blood loss or even death because here, there is a divine doctor who can even resurrect people from the threshold of death. The fights themselves, however are not all that inspiring ...
This anime was not in the realm of so bad it's good, nor was it in the realm of good anime. It was so bad it's bad.. The story is neither unique nor interesting. It's essentially a carbon copy of any kindom/fief building simulator. The premise is completely ignored, both the reincarnation element and the cooking element. Even up to the final episode I was wondering when he was going to do anything interesting.. The art style is standard and neither good nor bad. Probably the best part of this show.. The characters were so one dimensional I struggled to believe they existed in 2 ...
TL;DR: 5/10, I don't recommend this for anyone that has standards and enjoys a fantasy world that tells you from the very beginning at least SOME of its rules, a good or at least somewhat decent power system, not made on the spot spells for whenever the author needs them, well-explored themes, complex characters or intriguing dialogue.. . This anime can easily be described by saying that it is mediocre and generic and it has no reason to be as popular and praised as it is. The reason why I believe this is the case is because of the kind of interesting premise of the show which ...
It's a good production but it's too predictable, boring and over rated.. Each character development is linear and silly, I tried to see it as much as I could because of the hype but I have fallen asleep in the last 3 episodes.. The story seems unique and interesting to me, that's perhaps the main reason to start the anime. But the characters are the biggest problem. The heroine is unusually intelligent and the main male character falls in love with her in two seconds and basically falls in love with her for no solid reason. I think the plot between these two is a bit ...
Let's not beat around the bush - this anime is bad. It tries desperately to fill a very particular niche and it fails miserably. Instead of writing a 40,000 word essay on how awful this anime is, I'll just briefly list a number of reasons why you should not watch this anime. Let's not waste anymore time and get started:. . The characters.. Arguably the weakest part of this anime. They are super one-dimensional. Only one word circulates our bland protagonist's mind - revenge. He is single-minded and that's his entire gimmick. Or so we were led to believe, until he meets a purple-haired witch and begins to ...
I had manageable expectations, none were met in this movie. Even my love for Ghibli films is not enough to lie—it sucks, that's the truth.. . PLOT - Almost nonexistent. You know those small cloth scraps from old clothes? Get a few pieces of those from various fabrics and sew it together creatively; there's a high possibility that yours would be better than this film's. There are numerous old ghibli references that has no meaning to the film (even familiar frame compositions from these predecessors), does it add anything to the plot? No. Again, it is almost nonexistent. Where is this going and why is the exposition ...
I was promised anime about baking in isekai instead I got this boring stilted political "talks". Thats probably the reason why they had to put that "he is amazing patissier" schlock in front of every opening - otherwise everyone would probably forget by the 3rd episode. I am a huge fan of cookig/baking anime and I usually rate them higher than they objectively deserve to be rated because I just enjoy them so much. This was just disappointing and a waste of time. Frankly I had to watch the last 4 episodes on 2x speed because it was so boring. Dont watch it unless you ...
Why even bother making a sequel if it isn't at least faithful to the origianl series? This show feels like poorly written fanfic at best, a money grab at worst. I won't write an essay here, because you can watch a few episodes for yourself and realize everything is just completely off. The opening that represents nothing in the show; the tone which has turned into edgy PTSD and not actual nuanced PTSD with multiple layers; the characters that are suddenly all generic; the story that never actually becomes relevant because the entire show has no consequences or tension; random rule 34 moments; ChatGPT kurisu ...
Dororo starts out promising. The story of a silent monster slayer followed by a comedic relief sidekick isn't exactly groundbreaking, but when done well, it can work. Hyakkimaru, in particular, had a lot of potential for growth, both as a character and as a fighter, thanks to the whole body part gimmick. And while I am usually not a fan of comedic side characters, Dororo is likable enough, or to be more precise, he doesn't make me want to kill myself, unlike the kid from Claymore, so that is a definitive plus. The presentation does leave a lot to be desired, both in terms of ...
I tell this simply, this is one of the worst anime that i have ever seen. . At first, the start was a little interesting but at the end, the story development was very simple and poorly done, it feels like a disorganized story without much of any special things that try to use interesting topics that finally don't work. . The characters are the most simple of the simple things, i suposse that the protagonist is nice but finally, she doesn't have any interesting thing. . The production is not bad but it doesn't stand out at all, its only ok. . Really a dissapointment, i dont recommend this in the slightest
When I was 12 years old, watching torrented anime for the very first time - you know, anime that wasn't dubbed, that wasn't on YTV, that wasn't Pokemon or Digimon or Dragonball (or even Gundam Wing), that was probably a fansub - I thought that Arc the Lad was the absolute best thing I had ever watched. It was doing something with animation and storytelling I had never seen before!. . But! My close friend - the one who torrented it, the one I forced to watch it with me - insisted it was bad/that other anime series were significantly better, while I continued to insist ...
I have a lot to say about the Fate franchise, but this is probably my least favourite completed series (though there are some worse OVAs or specials). Just complete nonsense. Released as a 10-episode series and a 3-episode follow-up, I wanted to watch this recently (as with all things 'Fate' beyond the original series) because of my time spent in Fate Grand/Order (the mobile game). It had Nero and Drake, characters I enjoyed in the game, but that's about it. The nonsense here is much more nonsense than even typical Fate shows, and the direction is interminably slow. It's one of those shows that just ...
Not recommended, unless you're looking for a generic isekai or you're extremely bored with nothing to watch. Kelvin trade his memories for skills but it doesn't impact him in any way. His only personality trait is being a "battle junkie", he doesn't have an objective and there's no overall plot.. Kelvin is a summoner in name only he gets like 3 monsters and the rest are all girls, he could be a wizard and it wouldnt change anything. And the girls only personality trait is being in love with Kelvin, their backstories are shallow and there's no character development either.. Also most of the fights are made ...
This is my first review. It's worth noting that this being my first romance anime, my perspective may be influenced by a history of predominantly watching Romance-Comedy.. . Chise, the main character in the anime, comes across as delicate, gentle, and somewhat oblivious to her own feelings. This can be occasionally frustrating as she tends to brush off her emotions by claiming not to understand them, only to readily express them when the focus shifts to others.. While the ambiance and music contribute to a captivating experience, the character development appears somewhat lacking. The main theme seems to stagnate intentionally, almost as if being deliberately prolonged. ...
The first episode is somewhat exciting and after watching it you will be sucked into watching the entire anime. I recommend before every episode to be drunk or under the influence of something. In short, it doesn't make any sense. The last two episodes are a complete mess. Well in fact every episode is a complete mess. You have to shut your brain and don't think about anything watching this anime. Fighting scenes look so much low budget. I can imagine myself writing a better story in my teens.. - Below-average story. + Somehow decent animating with not too much distracting CGI. - Not memorable OST or op/ep. Why ...
Take some idols, a handful of unlikeable characters, mid animation, a lot of oedipus and sister complex, a light yagami wannabe, weird love triangles and romance, throw it all in a blender and the result will be Oshi No Ko: a confused anime going through an identity crisis.. . I wouldn't say it's ALL bad, the concept was interesting and the intro is pretty catchy, but it's just not enough to make up for all of its faults.. It's a mystery/idol anime, but it feels more like a slice of life if anything, rushed and slow-paced at the same time, a frustrating experience to say the least. Needless ...
The hype is so unjustified. I watched 12 WHOLE episodes and i can't even name one episode that made me go like wow or crazy. This ones is a pass in my opinion. . the characters are not very fitting and there's one who like a freaking ia. the world is okay nothing new or original. . They need to make friren aspect and importance more meagniful , the chracter development of her is average like i''m not gonna spoil it but it's just disapointng. The romance is okay (very secondary ) but pretty enjoyable. . I didnt enjoy this one to be honest... Everything feel dragged which ...
It feels like they took the plot points from the story and strung them together without any connective tissue putting them together. They go from one thing happening to the next, without sufficiently developing the characters or world. The story is very rushed, and there's no time to take in the world.. . The animation is acceptable but not great, with a fair amount of still panning shots. Action scenes are short, often cutting away and jumping to the conclusion.. . The acting is meh, but to be fair, it's hard to convey a realistic dialog when the relationships jump forward so quickly.. . The story is a standard isekai cultivation ...
I came to this anime without any foreknowledge about the story. I watched the first series with limited expectations and found it to be bland and dull. So when the second series became available, my expectations were not high.. . The story was lacking in consistency and substance with so many holes in the plotline that it makes following very difficult.. . For fans of the original work this may not be an issue, but for those coming from a fresh perspective it is very clear confusing and frustrating. Having almost no knowledge of Chinese mythology or history compounds this as it seems that the storyline relies heavily on ...
𝙒𝙤𝙪𝙡𝙙 𝙮𝙤𝙪 𝙛𝙤𝙧𝙘𝙚 𝙩𝙝𝙚 𝙨𝙚𝙖 𝙩𝙤 𝙜𝙧𝙤𝙬 𝙨𝙩𝙞𝙡𝙡,. 𝙏𝙤 𝙨𝙖𝙫𝙚 𝙤𝙣𝙚 𝙬𝙖𝙮?. . The vibrant, picturesque backgrounds and intricate settings shine brightly in an otherwise sluggish story presented in a rigid, serious manner lacking in both seriousness and enthusiasm for the subject matter. The captivating landscapes painted by the artist steal the show, but the story itself unfolds at a leisurely pace, lacking the liveliness and emotional depth that could make it truly engaging. Not that it was not enough, but not enough for a Ghibli. The world-building was scattered and the characters felt shallow but the animations were more fluid than ever. The lack of wit or ...
Tokyo Revenger started very well. That's for sure. Then... well it did what shoudn't be done which is getting you sticked to the show, hopping for a happy end, while kicking you in the face. come on I'm sick of this type of story which bring on watcher a lot of despair just to have a huge climax at the end. This is emotional elevator in the bad way and I honestly think there are better ways to reach that climaxes than killing the character they made us like.. Finished 5th episode so you'll know why I'm angry.. Still don't know if I'll continue watching
I've heard so many good things about this anime, that this was the best adaptation of a ridiculously good manga, that it's a 10/10 show... After watching it I'm unfortunately quite disappointed because In my opinion it is terribly overrated.. . For a show produced in 1997, it feels extremely dated, like it was made 10 years prior. Actually, I've seen better produced shows that were released decades before. There are particularly notable issues with the animation, or often lack thereof. The art style itself was fine, though at times detail did feel a bit sparse depending on the scene.. . The music was extremely lazy. There ...
As Kiba Snowpaw, Ice Wolf Alpha of the HowlStrom world, I’ve always had a keen eye for detail and a heart that thrives on the fantastical realms of anime. However, the recent series "The Kingdoms of Ruin" (2023) has left me, frankly, underwhelmed and frustrated. Here's my detailed critique:. . The Core Issue: A Muddled Narrative. My primary gripe with "The Kingdoms of Ruin" lies in its execution. The series attempts to weave a tale of vengeance in a world where witches, once revered, face annihilation due to the rise of science and technology. Adonis, the protagonist, embarks on a vengeful crusade after witnessing the brutal demise of ...
This show is trash. Anyone thinking this was "mature", "biting", or "messed up", is actually a literal CHILD.. The girl MC is nothing.. After all of the self-talk about how messed up she is, she doesn't actually do much of anything.. Hell, by the end of the show, she's still a virgin!. All that, after going "omg I'm so bad tehee, im going to focus on my pleasure and being like that hoe-sensei I hate!", because the writer could not commit to sullying his qt3.14 waifu, the sheer thought of it... I shudder.. The guy MC is nothing. Girl MC's crush has a massive mommy complex. ...
This was the most uninspired piece of garbage adaptation that I've had the misfortune of experiencing. I can't rate this purely as an anime since I'm heavily biased by how much I liked the source material, so I can only rate it as an adaptation. If you've read the source material, do NOT waste your time on this.. . I skimmed the last two episodes just for a refresher for when I pick the source material back up, but I couldn't keep watching. This felt like a waste of my time, the pacing felt slow and filled with needless filler and pauses...... and I watched it at ...
I'm pretty sure the majority of the hype for this anime is solely from the dance sequence in the OP. The synopsis says that the main couple starts dating because the guy offers, and Naru takes the deal. I understand that originally, she had no intention of dating him, but she does, and they are suppose to explore their awkward relationship, but there is BARELY any progress made. I am currently on episode 8 (?) of this show. When they have been dating for 7 episodes and 4 or 5 months in the universe, why is the girl still debating if she likes the guy? ...
Great art as expected from a ghibili movie, great music as well. If only considering the artisic aspect, beautifully executed. However, the movie feels like just people piecing together past ghibili movie scenes, lots of bits and pieces of concepts from older ghilibi movies thrown into a giant melting pot. It is not that the plot is unclear or that viewers would not be able to understand the scenes, but there is little to no meaning given behind most characters' actions. There is absolutely no background/depth given to any of the characters. The studio might have been trying to make this movie into one of ...
well, i liked the cover but the series is a little boring.... . Mostly I felt that the comedy is so simple without grace, any jokes don't make me a laugh any time, if I force it I guess that the story is not bad but don't have any special to call it good, its...ok. . The characters especially Aharen have so cute designing but this is everything about them, even in other aspects such as development, construction, even essence the characters are so simple. . well, overall this is really not bad but even for anime to relax and laugh a little moment, even in this aspect it does not ...
My Hero Academia movie 3 is the most boring my hero academia I have ever seen.. This movie focuses on the foreigner kid talking about protecting his siblings with Deku running away from being falsely accused as a criminal. While I quite enjoyed the animation done by studio Bones, The story is horribly average that after some hype on the cool animation, The hype went to hell to the point I just waited for the movie to finish. I rated this 5 because I watched this movie together with my pops and my lil brother, they seemed to enjoy this except my brother who said its ...
I have to admit, I was probably testing my luck a little with this one. But to this extent? Yeah, The Vexations of a Shut-In Vampire Princess wasn't the best showing.. . Story: The Vexations of a Shut-In Vampire Princess introduces us to Terakomari (Komari) Gandeblood, vampire princess who was basically given the throne to her country, evening though her mother knew her tendencies. One of those tendencies is to shut her self away - hence "Shut-In Vampire Princess" so that she can do away with any of her royal responsibilities. Her supreme commander assigns her a maid, Villhaze, to try and get ...
A show which want to be about "human relationships" or drama or romance, must be realistic. And this show is not realistic + boring. If you kiss someone randomly, its not romantic or something, its a fucking sexual assult. At least in real life. I know lots of girls dreaming about random handsome guy kisses them and starts a dream relationship but thats not how it works sorry. Sometimes its okey a show has some little unrealistic sides that makes show much fun or something but it has to be "little" or fun, its neither of them. Characters are so stupid that they overreacting random ...
Akamatsu Ken is a very familiar name to many anime and manga followers. He is the author of Love Hina that has been adapted into an anime. Negima is the spiritual successor of Love Hina. Firstly, I want to share some of my thoughts on the manga before we get into the anime.. . This style is the signature of Akamatsu Ken , characterized by highly actionable narratives coupled with characterizations that enjoy their time in the harem. Alas, the Negima may be oversaturated with fanservice where girls who barely look over ten to twelve years appear despite being 14-16 years. The proliferation of nudity and panty ...
We usually watch anime under the assumption that a story can't exist for no reason, right? Well come Aku no Hana, and as intriguing as the visuals of the flower of evil, the trailer and the first episode were, it just goes nowhere, it doesn't pick up up, the ratio of psychological tension to the events happening is unbalanced, so you have a bombshell moment that leads nowhere, it defeats the point of watching a show when there is no pay off.. . So enduring 12 episodes of a wimpy male lead, the same bit over and over, a ditzy love interest, a sadistic purposeless bully was ...
This series is a bit of a mess as it lacks focus and isn't sure what it wants to be. . The Harry Potter comparisons are apt, but clearly in an attempt to avoid those comparisons the series tried to add in all these extra elements and became an even bigger mess than Harry Potter is.. . It's a magical high school romp, except they are either skipping class a lot or the school just doesn't do more than two classes a week.. It's a revenge story, except the MC doesn't seem to have much interest in carrying out his revenge. In an overall story premise that makes little sense. The school ...
Akira sucks. Overrated.. . So many people saying "It's a great piece of art". OK, I didn't see it.. . There's many anime movies and animes who work abstract concepts in the same way that akira's art pretend to do, and they did it so much better and with more (of any) sense. So it seems to me that is very, very overrated.. . Art to me, like an old classic, it's not that special (There's other with more stetic). . Furthermore, I find the machism and sexist in the movie disgusting and repulsive. I know, I know, is an 80's film... But fuck, there's others anime and 80's film. And they aren't ...
come on are you kidding? riding a robot like that? the story is much different from the manga, then the plot armor that doesn't make sense in the last episode, other people cry see the last episode, but for me this is just an absurd comedy scene, bad. The only is good from this anime is the ending. "torikago" the rest of em.... nah. . . I wouldn't recommend this to ppl who searching for mecha anime, search the other anime, so many good mecha anime you can find better, much better than this.. . last thing, it's a good choice for this anime that doesn't have second ...
Disappointing season in terms of animation and character design, there's no way to compare it to the first season, if the third reaches that level I won't follow it. Most of the battle scenes were distorted, some episodes had a very slow pace, there were hours that looked like children's drawings. The only thing that made me continue to follow was the story that clarified some points, not all that were open. Unfortunately, the studio ended the work, I hope the mistake doesn't happen again and they still left the ending completely open, they could have added a few more chapters to really close the ...
Completely pointless, insipid series. Credit where credit is due: the new voice cast does an impressive job of following on from the iconic voices of the original series, and honestly it has a pretty decent start, but there’s a complete lack of gravity and flavour here. The art style is SO bland; I can imagine not minding it if you’d never seen anything better, but looking back at how dynamic and rich the aesthetics of the 90s were, it’s enough to make one lament about the state of modern mainstream Shounen. The music—another major highlight of the original—is completely generic and lacks any presence in ...
Oh my god, if it wasn't for this being part of my childhood, I wouldn't have bothered finishing it, I think I would've legit dropped it.. . The first 5-10 episodes or so were hype, I really like the vibe and what it's trying to tell and show us, but oh my god, the following episodes after that up until episode 50ish were some endless rollercoaster filler ride. I was watching, right? and then thought to myself "When will the story start picking up?" because every episode is just the same formula, they go to a new place, new side characters get introduced and ooohhh suddenly there's ...
Nonsense for the sake of nonsense is the ideal way to describe 80% of FLCL. It truly stands out for its extremities, as the high points are great, and the low points are absolutely miserable, which would be nice if it wasn't mostly low points. . good stuff:. The music is great, it does a great job building the emotion the story fails to deliver. The artstyle is great, it's full of personality and provides the only actual humor in the show. Character designs and backgrounds are genuinely top notch, and at least makes the slop shine.. . The first 2 episodes are actually really good! Despite ...
Um dos piores protagonistas da historia dos animes, muito sem graça a historia em si tem e bem atrativa mas o prota acaba estragando toda a historia e a trama!. Os personagens e poderes são bem criativos em si de longe o mundo n e sem graça, infelizmente a historia como de costume e muito centrada somente no Japão, o prota tem uns poderes legais mais a personalidade n deixa ele usufruir de todo o potencial dos poderes dele!~. Se alguém gosta de um prota chato e bebe choram eu recomendo essa obra mas para aqueles que gostem de protas legais n recomendo de maneira nenhuma.
Review: Shinka no Mi: Shiranai Uchi ni Kachigumi Jinsei. TLDR:. I expected very little and was positively surprised. While the animation is lacklustre, I would recommend the series as a B-Tier anime.. ... that is, up until ep 8, from there on it goes downhill fast.. Also, don’t watch the previews, they spoil a lot.. . NOTE: Most of the review below is only applicable up until episode 8-ish. for an episode 8-12 review, scroll down to the bottom.. . --Enjoyment-- 7/10. It is enjoyable, the funny parts are actually fun. It leans towards being a gag-comedy; Events takes unexpected turns and seemingly one-shot characters have unexpected dept.. Even when the gags fall flat, their ...
„Why did I watched this? Am I some kind of masochist?". These were my first thoughts after completing this show.. . Needless to say that sense of humor and comedy differs to each person. Still when I somehow managed to finish this creation and looked on meta score, I was surprised the most in a while. First of all it’s comeady, so I started to watch this and take it somehow easy expecting to deal with most things by humor and then watch some serious moments in addition. Instead of this I got almost. zero serious moments and humor was same thing over and over. There was ...
A vapid portrayal of forbidden love and loneliness, paired with hollow imagery and feet for some reason.. . You've gotta love Shinkai and his obsession with establishing shots. If "Your Name" was any indication that he lacks the skill of directing meaningful imagery, then "Garden of Words" is a full on confession that he absolutely has no idea what he's doing. His writing in Your Name was completely absurd and out of touch, but here it's just non-existent.. . There's a lingering feeling of chronic loneliness that follows our two main characters. The rain itself symbolizes loneliness. The irony of the film is that these characters only seem to ...
It's good in terms of; a well written B-plot (with the kid), beautiful art and animation, great music, well written in terms of the words being very pretty and dialogue flowing extremely well.. . But the story...god it sucks.. . It just continues upending Violet's character from the last episode of the show by reverting her right back to square one. A dependent robot who only lives for one person. She has no personality of her own by the end of the show, no growth, no nothing. It has no message, no story or deeper meaning to it - it's just wow girls dependency is back.. . If they ...
THE HBO-IFICATION OF ANIME. . No art style, awkward, unnatural and unnecessary expositionary dialogue, total lack of heart where one would expect it, no hook, way too long of episodes, and the worst OP ever. boring. makes me worry about the HBO-ification of anime at the hands of netflix. feels like an absolute minimum-effort manga adaptation. what am i supposed to care about here? "robot murder" is just vandalism. the main character using sleeping gas instead of bullets doesn't make him any less of a cop, in fact, it makes him seem like more of a "secret police" type who can just disappear people. quit showing me ...
I dropped toradora twice before I completed it fully. I think this anime is overrated, the ending is obvious just from watching the first episode and the pace of the story is so slow to the point I was forcing myself to continue watching from how boring it was. ep 15-25 piques you're interest a bit more because the story starts to progress at a faster pace. despite the how boring the first and the predictable ending I actually enjoyed the last 10 episodes. the characters were fine, I don't like how spoiled taiga is but I got used to it. I wouldn't recommend watching ...
The show is really a mixed bag. From the get-go I found it quite hard to believe Mia should be behaving in such a childish and immature way when she returned back to her 12 year-old self. She went through 3 years of horrible suffering imprisoned in horrible conditions before getting killed, yet she still acts like a kid who seems to be trying to avoid death by guillotine the same way a kid tries to avoid eating his vegetables. There is no intense fear or trauma, or anything that would really be ingrained in someone after such long suffering. I’ve been personally told that ...
I've discovered this "Masterpiece" of fiction by looking throught some users's lowest rated animes, well people already told you whats wrong with this anime(animation,horrible voice acting, etc) in the other reviews i not gonna repeat that, but i want to talk about a scene that happens in the manga. Where Maki almost gets raped by some random->she runs away with her clothes ripped apart->meets her friends->her friends ask "what happened?, whats wrong?"->4 seconds later, they said lets go eat some ice cream ignoring the fact that they just saw her running away crying and naked(not even calling the police)->Maki immediately smiles and says "okay" ...
This anime was incredibly disappointing so I'm maybe giving it a worse review because of that. The premise is kind of cool and the main character having a prosthetic leg and eye is interesting. The first episode was cool but it goes way down from there. After the first few episodes where stuff actually happens be prepared for several episodes of them just sitting and explaining the plot in monologues with no emotion whatsoever. And finally, after all the build up on how they are going to solve the issue, they solve it by literally just doing the most basic thing ever. Was hard to ...
A promising concept, but a mediocre anime. If you are interested in the music itself (some of them were actually great), you might as well watch the past music videos from Paradox Live official YouTube channel - no need to waste time on this anime.. . With high-quality character design and music already in place, the anime should have injected soul into the characters by telling great backstories - which arguably is the hardest part, of course. This show clearly fell short, trying to juggle the large number of characters (>10!) only led to flat storytelling that are difficult to empathize with. Despite a stunning ep.1, production ...
The only redeeming quality of this series as of episode 10 is the hauntingly accurate depiction of life with depression.. . However, no actual effort is made by the protagonist to work on said depression, so the anime is just a cycle of get depressed -> rely on external people as emotional crutches to feel better again -> go win some tournaments -> forget about people again, resume depression. Yes, this can be realistic, but it is also hopelessly boring and directionless because, as other reviewers have pointed out, nothing is moving forward or changing.. . The shogi aspect is not all that interesting and felt more like an ...
I was willing to overlook the rather suspicious nature of the story, where the main character attempts to pursue relations with minors despite being 34 in reality. The fact that he reincarnates as a young boy is supposed to apparently absolve him of wrongdoing, and it certainly does in the actual show as people are none the wiser. In the context of reality though, it could be seen as an attempt to normalize problematic behavior.. . But I fear the issues with this series extend far beyond a blatant disregard for societal norms. Given the flamboyant nature of this series, I still fail to understand why the ...
Charlotte is our generic pure-hearted naive main heroine who lives in a generic fantasy kingdom’s castle. Though she has some noble rank or other, being the daughter of a duke or something, she is the progeny of a mistress, so she is treated poorly by her parents. Think Cinderella and you’ll have the right idea. No, I mean it, the show explicitly tells you that she is Cinderella at one point.. . As it so happens, Charlotte is engaged to the prince... for some reason. Yet, the prince turns out to be a huge piece of shit and, out of nowhere, accuses Charlotte of all kinds of ...
To be honest, watching just the 12 episodes of the original "Wonder Egg Priority" wraps the series enough.. . "My Priority" feels like weird, over budgeted short saying "we know series was weird, psychological and psychedelic, but please, buy the merch and subscribe for more ". That's how I feel.. It doesn't close any plot lines beyond what was already said or hinted, it is mostly a recap, and as stated in first sentence - it feel a bit unnecessary.. Production value meets bar set by the series, all is good in the sound, art, acting.... . It is just pointless story wise.. . Watching this months after finishing the original 12 episodes ...
A very forgettable story popular just because the prepubescent characters are doing things maybe late teens should be doing.. Unless this is some sort of untold narration aspect, that this is hell or limbo, and main male kid is cursed for eternity to live his 4 year old mind in 12 year old boy's body, being teased and laughed at by everyone.. . Animation is not horrible, but source material character design demands at least 3 heavy drinks to stomach how this thing looks, and I don't drink.. Voice acting is adequate, music is safe, backgrounds are not the cheapest, op and ed songs aren't terrible.. . It's just a weird ...
100 girlfriends who really love you a story about a guya rentaro in highschool but he has no girlfriends by the way that's why one day he goes to a temple and wishes for him to have a girlfriend a god shows up in there and giving him a power to get 100 girlfriends who he sees his eye they instantly fall in love with him that's the story.. . Whoof like you are having a headache for sure reading my comment but it's the story 🚫🤦🗑️ like I said before in episode 1 rentaro meets two the girls in his high school and they instantly fall ...
Animations are still pretty peak for being an advertisement-based animation.. Story feels like a copypasta mix of Season 2 and Season 3.. Characters seems like copypastas of past iconic characters of the first two seasons.. Protagonist seems like a Valt ripoff again (even more so than Aiger was). Nothing against him but his story seems a bit more thrown around, development seemed to be rushed and tried to shown off as part of his personality (clever, sure, but still a bit meh. Hard try at comedy if so), and voicelines somehow more imminently and obviously cringe like they reuse the same recording for some things?. After three ...
It doesn't do the manga justice. The Manga did a much better job building that much needed anticipation so that when the panties drop, BOOM, you get why the fuck you started in the first place. The sets, the pacing, the faces, the art, the dialogue, everything is meticulously crafted to give every moment up until the panty reveal that much needed spice to keep you interested enough to keep reading. The panties, along with the characters just scream personality, The art and the different designs of the panties made you feel like the panties were alive as they had just as much vitality as ...
The art is ok and feels to lack a little bit of soundtrack.. I have to say that this is the first anime that made me wish I had listened to those reviews telling you not to go ahead, if you are still thinking about going through it, be aware of the very likely disappointment that you might be putting yourself into.. It's nonsense gore, without proper construction and lack of commitment to history quality, the MC doesn't have an individual identity or act by anything that he believes, mainly just acts picked in a brainstorm and thrown in the windshield, wishing to make any sense.. But the ...
I swear we can't have romance without some gimmicky bulshit that ruins the story.. . Characters feel like archetypes, well, otome game based anime so go figure, it's just too rigid of a story to justify the lack of anything happening, looking forward to the next episode was getting to be harder and harder every other episode because again, you can't build a story around the synopsis, you need something more, I swear I feel like a mindless drone tuning into these stories, the romance tag is misleading because romance is best executed with actions between the characters, an intimate moment, a display of true femininity or ...
Another one of those, cool premise, snooze execution, gotta coin a term for this case, it's becoming more and more common, got my dopamin all high for measly pay off, it's just unwatchable with how uninspiring it is.. . you read the first line? That's it, the rest is rant. . I feel like if you're not at least a little bit unhinged and willing to write out of pocket characters then you shouldn't write a story reliant on characters, boring people shouldn't write character driven stories,. . Every other character feels like they're cardboard cutouts of the next, it's a talent truly, turning the romance tag into something so ...
This is probably the most well-intentioned anime I’ve ever seen, that just couldn’t hit the mark. It had all the right pieces: a well written story, lovable characters, great animation, and atmospheric music. I’m thinking where it went wrong is in being a little too faithful to the manga. It could have been a period piece, but it would have needed to be significantly more dramatic, with harder hitting stakes. Since, however, it flirted with superhuman techniques and abilities, it ended up falling far short of the multitudes of Shonen anime that feature far more exciting concepts. Shonen has come a long way since this ...
Shugo Chara! Doki!! is without a doubt, far and away, one of the worst useless sequel seasons to ever exist. Credit where it's due, the Embryo arc was put on hold as is standard by this point and did need a resolution; however, the use of 51 episodes to explain a plot that could have been completed in half that amount was inexcusable. Despite the first season's ability to thrive by building on the concept of the Heart Eggs, there's a reason it only worked once. At a certain point, it feels less like an enjoyable show and more like the writers wanted to cash ...
Besides the art, this is a solid mess. The movie starts off being pretty decent but the plot is just all over the place. The characters are constantly jumping from one end to the other over and over again. It would have been better if this was a show instead but even then, the final result of the unfolding of this story would have still been an absolute mess if the destination was the same. The only redeemable aspect of this show is the art. It's aesthetically pleasing to look at but even then I know for a fact some people wouldn’t like it. Just ...
I really enjoyed this anime from the beginning but not until the end!. . The advantage of this anime is that it has comedy which is quite funny, so you won't get bored watching every episode.. Cute character designs and good graphic quality that will spoil the eyes.. The storyline is quite interesting for those of you who like Harem anime.. . But unfortunately this anime has a weakness, namely the ending!. The last episode was even filled with debates which I don't think are very important! Especially for a character named Shino! I really hate it!. What business did he have to lecture other people's relationships? I think it's up to them ...
a copy without an original. Most of the problems of season 1 is apparent here unfortunately I’ll just do a quick rant and then I elaborate on them below. It’s actually disappointing how people are crawling over each other to hype up pure radioactive nuclear garbage called "Jujutsu Kaisen 2nd Season". how style and fight scene have become what we mainly judge an anime with, who cares about plot holes? who cares if we get asspull after asspull. all that matters is mei mei is fucking her simp brother, all that matters is kakashi doing the "blue technic", all that matters is the fight scene, look at that badass ...
Out of 100 Nobles watching.... 0 were impressed!. there were no nobles left in the theatre to question. . The designation for a show on MAL for a rating of one is "Appalling". I can think of no better descriptor for School Days.. I would not categorize the show as misery porn as that would suggest it had an interesting enough plot to be porn.. Some people may suggest as the show is an adaptation of a VN bad ending route that the nonsensical and alien interactions of the characters are somehow justified, but I was savvy to this and still just annoyed. It was not entertaining. It was not ...
Inukami! The Movie: Tokumei Reiteki Sousakan Karina Shirou! feels more like a regular episode than a standalone movie. With a runtime of around 30 minutes, it maintains the familiar pacing and storytelling style of the series it post-dates. The movie fails to contribute to or expand upon the series' conclusion, rendering it largely inconsequential. Aside from some fanservice, there's little incentive to watch the movie unless you were particularly drawn to the earlier episodes of the series. Inukami! The Movie: Tokumei Reiteki Sousakan Karina Shirou! does not stand on its own, and unless you are a fan of the original series, it's not worth a ...
While Inukami! introduces some interesting ideas, they are overshadowed by subpar pacing, a weak story-line, and an excessive number of characters. The series suffers from an overwhelming cast—aside from the main duo, more than 10 characters attempt to be developed without much success. What exacerbates the issue is that some of these characters play crucial roles in the anime's conclusion, yet they receive minimal screen time, drastically reducing the conclusion's appeal. The majority of the series lacks a cohesive overarching narrative until the final episodes, where an abrupt attempt is made to craft a dramatic conclusion. Character designs exhibit a mix of successes and failures, ...
Hikari no Ou tries to be a unique, more thoughtful kind of fantasy, but sadly it is much too shabby and dry to recommend.. . Its biggest problem is the animation; constantly breaking the art, moving as little as possible, making odd artistic choices, and often making scenes more confusing. Action sequences suffer the most, with characters suddenly looking like MS Paint drawings and awkwardly floating around. Characters go off-model all the time, even in quieter moments. The 3D CG, while sparingly used, looks very outdated and jarring. Painterly illustrations sometimes take over the screen, but often in seemingly random moments. The list goes on.. . Unorthodox, "low-quality" animation ...
Won't mince my words.. . The Eminence in Shadow is a generic isekai that is somehow revered in the anime community under the pretense that it is a self-aware anime, but being a self-aware anime doesn't excuse the fact that it is a generic, goofy ass isekai, no matter how self-aware it may be.. . You're just watching another 2/10 isekai, but oh, "9/10 because, ackchyually, it's a giga-brain anime that makes fun of other isekai's!!!", yet the content you're consuming is the exact same as that of a generic isekai. . Because it's a socially acceptable isekai, it's let people proudly enjoy power trip bs; I'm convinced the same people ...
Given I post this now without spoiler warning, I'll make it short and sweet. Season 1 showed a lot of promise, season 2 squandered it - but there are second chances -, but season 3 put the nail in the coffin. I don't know. Should season 4 come out I will give it another chance, just because I do see this still can be salvaged, but maybe I am too naive here. If they continue the path, I would humbly request the anime to be renamed to something along the lines of: Friends, a Village, and Adventures. At least this makes it clear to the ...
I have never tried Gundum anime before, though I like mecha and watched a lot of it. And this one was insanely bad. Every aspect besides visual and sound design wasn't done properly. Was there even any plot in the story? Characters just met and randomly duel with each other. Interactions between characters are boring, main characters have like one characteristic which define their whole personality and always act the same. Suletta just bumbling all the time, Miorine always angry scream and punch Suletta, all other cast just too boring. There was only one character who really changed over a few episodes, but they just ...
the art style is pretty. but that's it, nothing special about this anime. the animation is so bad, sometimes the mouths of the characters are not moving while they talk. also the guy is a big red flag, p*do and groomer. very disgusting of him to lay an eye on someone he raised as "his child". also there is a scene where he is touching her very inappropriately when she was a child. But if we completely ignore this age gap, the anime is still very lame. Flashbacks that we already saw are repeated so much is worse than in Naruto! I did not enjoy ...
When you don't have the talent to properly world build, then just keep it simple.. . The premise of this anime is that our main character has some spiritual strength, inherited from her grandfather. Unfortunately for her, that's not the only thing that she inherits from her grandfather; she also inherits his debt in the hidden realm. So she has to choose between marrying the ogre ayakashi or working off her debt. She chooses the latter, and thus we have this anime.. . The problem with this anime is that the plot is too busy for it to be a relaxing and atmospheric food ...
Perhaps this is one of the worst creations that mankind could ever create this far. It's just a horrible, disgusting and fully talentless incompetent piece of "ART". The name "Narrative" for the movie is highly ironic since it completely lacks a plot - there none of it. Things just happen, characters just doing some stuff and somehow creators come to idea thats that it - it works. Hell if it was.. If "Unicorn" at least tried to build a decorations of the "Just OK" anime, but meanwhile stayed completely derivative to the UC context without telling any of its own story... "Narrative" as its sequel ...
This was just waaay too slow paced. I like slow pace anime too. But there is still something fun or relaxing happening in them. Here there was barely anything happening. It was mostly inner monologue of female lead. Also is the shoujo tag not there anymore on mal? This is a shoujo anime. If I knew it from before i probably would not have watched it.. . More words so that mal let's me publish -. It wasn't unique. It was boring.. Art style was good but the animation felt too much like a manga with pages moving rather than an anime with people moving.. The characters ...
So, Mirai Nikki, where do I even start? It's one of those animes that left me more uncomfortable than a plastic chair on a hot day. The characters? Seriously, none of them are cool. Zero charisma. Yuno, that crazy girl over there, I can't even remember her name – I just know she infuriates me. Just hearing her say "Yuki" gives me nightmares.. . I finished this roller coaster in a day, all 24 episodes. Worst decision of my life. Tried to sleep afterward, but all I could manage was being disturbed by what I saw. I don't know how an anime can mess with someone's head ...
Something like Mitsuki being revived to take revenge on those who summoned him and seeking vengeance against Menou would make the story more interesting. However, the narrative only explores how the executioner goes about their tasks, or something like that. Mitsuki should be the main character who not only brings about the destruction of the world but also initiates a transformation, ensuring that executioners and nobles cease to exist. I'm disappointed that Mitsuki is more or less like Nanao Nakajima, who was unable to do anything with his life taken away without his understanding. Some people will say he's not the main character in the ...
Ever since I watched the first season of Goblin Slayer, I knew I heavily disliked it, but the exact reasoning behind it kind of eluded me. I obviously had some grounds for this strong distaste towards it, but only now, after finishing the second season, I attempted to fully understand this repulsion and list all the things that bother me. It was easier to do so as this season showcases all the faults with the series way more jarringly, as well as introduces some new ones.. . - In the 2nd season, it is already made implicit that goblins are the biggest evil in the universe because ...
The story in "Maximum Tournament" tracks the story of Baki Hanma, who wants to be best fighter in whole world. The part is about a fighting contest that brings fighters from all around the world to compete. The competition has many fighters with different fight styles, but the story mostly focuses on action and fighting. The anime focuses more on fight excitement than character growth and complicated stories. This might make viewers wish for more complex storytelling.. . In "Maximum Tournament," the group of characters are many. It has fighters of all kinds, each with their own fighting skills and ways they act. But, the development of ...
This Special seems to be the ending for Wonder Egg Priority and it's hands down one of the worst endings I've ever seen.. . The special starts off weak with a recap meaning its original content is only half of the 45 minutes. After the recap the story does continue where it left off, with Ai awakening. The story then goes on to answer the original question of what would happen after the girls who committed suicide were revived, which is the only good thing about this entire special yet disappointing at the same time. Then there's all the stuff about the new plot that got ...
Who are these people? I don't know. What's a Wooser? Nobody knows. Why is the English title called "Wooser's Hand-to-Mouth Life" when Wooser has no mouth and therefore can't contract Hand, Foot, and Mouth Disease? Absolutely no clue. How did I find this anime? Because it was a character in Miss Monochrome. That's the only thing I know.. . Animation-wise, it's not the best in my opinion, but it looks cute and it works well enough. Plus, it's quite unique, which I respect. I enjoy the opening theme with its 8-bit instruments, however I don't enjoy the ending theme, as it looks pretty ugly and the song ...
Wonder egg priority is an anime that I'm not sure I understand, insofar it is possible to understand it in the first place. It felt to me like the anime itself was unsure what kind of story it wanted to tell.. . The anime seems to be about girls, who lost a girl in their lives to suicide, fighting in another dimension/space/world in their sleep. In this world they have to defeat things that drove other girls to commit suicide which mainly seems to entail hitting weird looking monsters till they die. And honestly this is an acceptable premise. The problem is that the anime then ...
As expected, Queen Bee did an absolutely abysmal job with yet another othweise gorgeous ip.. Chirumakuro is an insanely skilled artist and one of the best in the H-industry.. Yet this H is a complete scam which is entirely to blame on the studio and it's an insult to the original artist.. Giving their material to Queen Bee of all studios is a crime.. What Queen Bee produces is not animation, they literally take manga panels and do puppetry with them; it ends up looking worse than some 2006 flash animations.. Absolutely pathetic business practice and i fail to understand why they keep getting handed these projects and who in ...
Beyond my expectations, I hoped it would be a fun anime according to the anime title and the previous series, but in reality there were many dark sides and betrayals in the storyline, to be honest, I couldn't enjoy this anime and several times I wanted to stop watching it, but I tried to keep looking for the positive side and maybe A good resolution at the end of the episode, which in fact remains a mess with a loose ending where the root of the conflict from the beginning of the episode is never clearly revealed, instead showing an antagonist scene with a ...
I survived watching until episode 8 but as a women i just absolutely hated this series. The hotspring episode was so bad i skipped it, and there was just a lot of random shonen non sense that did nothing for me. I understand im not the target audience, there are some funny moments, but in general it just feels a very "follow an obvious recipe" anime. Today's shonen like jujutsu, demon slayer, attack on titan are much less obvious, engaging and dialogues are just way better. I was it didnt age well.. . Characters are ok, maybe one of the strong points. Story has a lot of wasted ...
The animation is FAR from the best, the story is not amazing either. It does not get better after one episode, and it very likely won't. It is a little sad because there aren't that many makeup related anime out there, I was really hoping to find something here, better luck next time. One dimensional characters, the show is very childish overall, I can totally imagine a young kid who's had little exposure to this medium looking at this and enjoying it. The art style is pretty low effort. Would not recommend, sadly. Really tried to enjoy it.. . I do have to give it one ...
Burn The Witch is a sorry attempt of a happy man.. . Tite Kubo is famous for incredible character designs and he is also capable of creating a sense of amazing worlds and captivating atmospheres. However he is infamous to actually write something meaningful or something more interesting than a 3 year old could do in a sandbox.. . Burn The Witch is an example of his low standards and his luck of writing skills.. . The animation is pretty much the only thing you will find in this a positive experience compared to the rest. Since there is no real story and the characters are so one ...
///BREAKING NEWS///. MAL-assigned anime genres are horseshit accurate, and synopsis is misleading.. . . Anyway, his anime is... for acquired tastes only.. I think it wants to be WataMote with MC being a girl being bullied into a hikikomori who's bending backwards to seem as appealing, cute and quirky to viewers as possible.. . Plot tries to be a comedy of coincidences where our incomptetent, weakling heroine maintains her status of a strong military officer with bullshit and plot armor. That would be ok-ish watch.. . It seems that ok-ish wasn't satisfying enough though, so every 2-3 episodes the show switches from "quirky heroine doing silly things" moe(?) comedy genre to "bullied heroine ...
Another generic isekai in a JRPG video game world. In this case, the protagonist is the sword itself while the deuteragonist is its wielder, a catgirl child named Fran.. . Most of the JRPG isekai tropes are there, like the video game world, the disembodied voice of the all-knowing tutorial, cheat OP abilities, blatant racism and classism, cartoonish levels of discrimination and slavery, medieval european fantasy setting, you get the point.. . The sword is the standard level of isekai OP, being able to unfailingly obtain any magic ability and skill from anyone, equip and use any skill and magic unencumbered, gather enormous amounts of experience from simple encounters ...
This anime was kind of bad and only partially in the funny realm. It's practically a caricature of the isekai genre and was only partially saved by being moderately funny.. MC is absurdly powerful, but only when the plot says he can be - it is immensely frustrating to watch him insta-solve difficult situations then struggle with the dime-a-dozen villain. The world and the magic are essentially unexplained, MC can just do anything he wants after a bit of "research into ancient magic" he did in a library that one time so you essentially have no idea and just have to accept that he's omnipotent when ...
For the first episode, I didn't find anything interesting about this anime at all.. Even though it is supported by good quality graphics and character design, I think this anime has big shortcomings in its storyline.. . The first drawback is that this weak princess has to pretend to be strong in front of others, and like most anime with weak characters, it will definitely do comedy that isn't funny when faced with strong enemies, The result of doing silly things with simple tricks and taking down the enemy and then promoting himself is the strongest.. . The second drawback is that the World rules in this anime are very ...
A good anime ruined by pointless melodrama. I liked the characters and design. They all seem unique and likable. Animation, sound, voice acting and music are on or above par. No the problem is the story outside the cafe and esports. No spoilers but isn't the drama of using esports to save the cafe enough? Couldn't that be built upon? Yuu's drama could've been solved with one adult conversation and/or a few social media posts. Who wrote this? The esports portion is fine, but the rest of it feels added on for the sake of building drama, that still takes a backseat to the esport.
It’s not the age gap that’s problematic about this story, but the grooming. The author must have thought putting those scenes about baby Isaku in are cute, but damn, it was just adding to the disgusting feeling. If they have met at high school, oh well, she at least has a conscious by then, but no, this guy decided that that little girl is his alone the day they met, and made sure she never had a chance to get to know anyone else.. But this was never put into a problem in this story. No other characters were present, this story was all made ...
Wait, is this real? Wait wait wait wait wait. Am I actually watched an end of Attack on 3D Titan right now? This is not a dream, it's actually adaptation by studio MOPPA(AKA the studio that steals good series from studio that ACTUALLY KNOW what adaptation is. A studio that gives their animators life time burnout and goal to become as big as Kyoto Animation in a short time but at the same time releasing a quality product and blah blah blah good luck with that.) and not a adaptation by some series fans youtube animators and fan writers that only wrote fanfics of twilight ...
Summary: Unnecessary back and forth in timeline, boring family-name jokes, sexual contents in unpleasing way, a total mess.. . I don't even need to talk about Japanese victim mentality on their forced pacifism (If you want to know in detail, refer to "Article 9 of the Japanese Constitution" in wiki.) to classify this animation as a bad one. I have not read the original comics, so I'm not sure if all the wrongs are made by origin or by animation.. . It goes back and forth in timeline very often, and some scene changes happen in unexpected timing. If used properly that kind of twists may bring an extra ...
Honestly really bad and predictable, the only thing missing to make it complete new gen trash is the title demon lord being thrown around.. . but even without that, the show is mostly devoid of plot or anything interesting.. . Being isekai'ed and either being/becoming overpowered or starting underpowered just isn't anything new nowadays and the creators of this anime really didn't add anything interesting.. . I have had dungeons and dragons sessions with more content and less aggravating time wasting.. . Bruh what is this MyAnimeList review requirement shit about more information?. No the story wasn't unique, it was predictable and even though isekai is my guilty pleasure ...
I tried to make it through this show, but it's so bad. The first episode was honestly the worst first episode of anything I've seen in years.. . There's just nothing new or interesting about this show, when there's plenty of other gaming/isekai anime to enjoy. The one pro of this show is that you can comfortably turn your brain off and watch it while doing other things. It's pretty much impossible to miss anything because, not only is there not much going on, either the main character or the narrator will repeat any semi-important plot point over and over instead of showing us through worldbuilding.. . I'm halfway ...
With the change of studio also came a change of direction and I really don't like it. The changes are overwhelmingly bad and some downright bizarre. Of course, what they were trying to accomplish with these changes became apparent almost immediately. They tried to turn Goblin slayer into a much less edgy, more generic and family friendly fantasy without realizing that those qualities were what made the first season good.. . The first and most obvious change would be in the artstyle. Most of the character went through a completely unnecessary redesign. I don't think that a single character looks better, most are about on par and ...
It's not for everyone and it's not even for those who will like it since the morality is completely redirected to respecting a very immoral idea. Adonis is supposed to feel this way, but it's like all the characters have changed just to prove him right, even though it's out of character. Art and aesthetics are good, interesting worldbuilding, Adonis is hot, interesting characters naming... 3 problems:. I feel the story is written by some edgy emo boy/girl who didn't grow up confronting with vengeance.. Cool name Hametsu no Oukoku, "The Kingdoms of Ruin" but it doesn't fit the anime.. No objective set by the ...
One of the worst animes to be ever created. Let's start by good things and that is art. Animation is simply good that makes you wanna continue watching. That is the end of good things about this show. The story is so boring and such a sleeper that you can't focus for more than 2 minutes without checking your phone or switching tabs to YouTube. Besides that fact the story is not even deep or anything, doesn't show any interesting concepts or values, nothing interesting happens in this. I literally forced myself to watch this show to the end because i thought that there'll be ...
Pointless. I could end the review there. MD Geist has some extreme, mind-numbing blandness and is a total waste of Hironobu Kageyama's musical talents. MD Geist is a poor imitation of what would be fun in an anime set in a dystopia, and unfortunately, it is not even amusing in a "so bad it's good" way.. . There is not one time in the 50 minutes of the "director's cut" that there is any reason to care about what's happening other than some decent action scenes that carry little meaning. The characters are non-existent. The story seems like a tech demo or music video with how poorly ...
Did we watch the same series?. I've been reading everyone's reviews and honestly the praise is a bit too high for what I saw. The first 10 episodes are actually pretty solid. Nothing awful, nothing praise worthy either. Could have been a solid time waster for the season but the last 2 episodes?. . My. God.. It was awful.. . I've never seen a modern show drop the ball so fast. I won't talk about the plot, or the characters, I'm only speaking about it's pacing, and quality overall. The quality took a nose dive, The last 2 episodes sped run the plot so fast, then decided ...
they made an entire short movie to show stuff we already knew about and how a girl got her colored hair (really stupid to say the least). there's very little to say about this really. Mecha battles are really slow and dumb (which it also means that asuka as a character is less than she used to be).Rebuild of evangelion as a whole diluted eva to be little more than commercial for their products let it be mecha plamo, books and stuff in other words just money instead of anything artistic really going for it and after the 90 millions reunited by the last evangelion movie ...
The story is basic, the art style is the same as most anime but less saturated, the male characters are gross and annoying, nobody has goals that I can relate to, and it takes way too long for any simple story beat to happen. . Apparently this review need more words, but I'm not a professional reviewer so I think that's stupid, and don't want to waste your time with a whole essay essentially saying "I didn't like it" so instead I'll recommend some time travel stories that are better. Futurama. It's funny. I don't know why they're rebooting it though, it's such an early 2000s show. ...
The best anime of this season! The intrigue story with a good sense of comedy ah... such a sweet anime. Ja Nai!. What a waste of a budget, time and everything else on anime like this. With every episode it gets "cringeier" that's all. Nothing interesting happens, boring characters and a lot of outright bad things.. Not recommended for anyone who likes good stories, a slice of life, and every other genre there is.. Even hentai has more story then this anime.... Imagine Isekai Shokudou without interesting characters, side stories, settings and originality. You will get this anime.. Even listening to Inaba kumori “ragutorein" looping for 4.8 hours is ...
This anime is really really bad... it started kinda good, well we've got the same main character that is a loser so we can relate to and then there's the super popular girl that this main character (Who is a loser, let's all remember that) really likes but of course he doesn't have a single chance to date her because he is in fact a loser, just like you, just like us... BUT WAIT! HE CONFESSES AND THEY ACTUALLY START DATING?!? SHE BRINGS HIM HOME AND SHE WANTS TO HAVE S*X WITH HIM? Now who's the loser here huh?. Alright, now let's be serious for a ...
I have a deep love for the Isekai genre as a concept, it can create interesting characters who have life experience who are thrust into new circumstances and must use their wisdom to overcome them. Unfortunately the Isekai genre has for some years now been plagued with lazy writing and tropes. I Shall Survive Using Potions! is one of these cases.. . The power system which the show revolves around is allowing the main character to generate potions to survive the new fantasy world she finds herself in. However, she immediately manages to break the power system by creating potions in any shape and in any container ...
Total crap and the worst part of this Crystal remake series, which was very mediocre and sometimes outright bad anyway. While the previous parts were directed maybe at 12-13 years old, Cosmos audience have to be some 7 in order to enjoy it. It's emotionally flat, with incoherent plot, too much talking, and lukewarm play of voice actors. The characters' personalities are inconsistent, and they behave in ways that oppose their basic characters. Stupid gags and improper humour ruin the presumably serious mood of this part, with the characters suddenly getting all happy and cheerful right after being sad and broken.. . There's nothing good to be ...
The spectrum of anime inevitably has some problems presented with age gaps which create a wide variety of portrayals of romance from what can be a healthy relationship to downright disgusting, A Girl and Her Guard Dog represents the single worst romance portrayal on that spectrum I've ever seen.. . It's impossible to review this anime without pointing just how uncomfortable the clear difference in the two main character's lives is brought up throughout multiple points in the show. Moments ranging from talking about her growing into her body or posing nude for a 6 year old seem insane when the author could have very easily created ...
The whole premise is extremely stupid. The dragons decided to lay waste to a kingdom because a pastry shop went out of business? The show is extremely cringe, low effort and bad quality. Anime is mixed with 3D CG, which makes for choppy and unimpressive movement and combat. Not to mention 80% of the things they say in this show is super cliche. Feels like it's catered towards 12-year-olds.. . Also are we forgetting the fact that the main character is infatuated with a 12 year old girl?. . I've seen some people over hype this show, but after watching a little bit of it I can only come ...
I've heard a lot about this show whether from friends or from media, so I went into it with great expectations. Starting the first episode with great anticipation and excitement for what seemed to be a bright and refreshing new show, I sat down and focused. Despite how hard I tried, inevitably I fell asleep. Waking up and seeing that it autoplayed to the last episode, I rewinded it to the first episode where I left off - I fell asleep again. Thinking that I was just tired, I slept a 10 hour sleep and came back. I fell asleep again. Drinking energy drinks and ...
"Honey, I must be going blind. Because I don't see it." - Joseline Hernandez from The Real Daytime Talk Show. . That pretty much sums up my feelings to this show and the reviews and forum around it. It seems like everyone just talked it up, but I honestly couldn't see the appeal. I even had a trusted source on animanga highly recommend this to me, so I tried to power through it. Though I just couldn't. I don't understand why they liked this anime so much, and this also includes the fans who kept talking it up.. It was like ...
After really good season 1, awful season 2, this gets even worse. The characters are completely dull and boring. It is basically copy and paste with a change in their appearance. The writers had clearly no idea how to farther develop a story, so they just started adding random new characters.. . This season is also super boring. There are tons of completely unnecessary dialogs with background characters, that feels like a filler. Of course the MC now has play the good hero that saves them all.. . All in all, one can basically skip 50% of this season without literally losing anything important. It is that bad.
I'm going to make a quick review on Gamera: Rebirth because it's almost the end of 2023 and the series is still kinda new, so here are my small thoughts on it!. . For those who don't know about Gamera himself: Gamera is a giant turtle Kaiju that got quite the fame before the 2000' in Japan for being a Godzilla's contrasting rival when it comes to Japanese monster movies. But the big guy went silent for quite a long period, his last movie being Gamera the Brave from 2006 and no other projects have been taken since. But finally the turtle has made a comeback with ...
In my review, I won't delve into every plot hole or flaw; that would take far too long, given the disappointing finale of the series. Instead, I'll concentrate on what I believe is the series' most egregious writing misstep: the character development of Eren.. . Many argue, following the series conclusion, that Eren's character was consistent throughout—that he was always destined to be the character we see in the end. However, even assuming this was actually the intended trajectory, it does not equate to it being a well-executed narrative choice.. . Eren's journey throughout the series is marked by significant change. He evolves from an emotional crybaby, somewhat naive ...
This wasn't really an improvement but probably more of the same except for the climax. . So I got 4 episodes into this season and got so irritated by the side school characters that I just plainly skipped until there were just parts of Elias and Chise, because that's just how annoying those characters were to me.. . How the entire chapter came off to me was just too filler like and uninteresting to the point where I really wish they'd drop the school slice of life stuff as it got to me that much, that the first season was that much of a masterpiece and then we got ...
It felt like a dream. It feels like it happened but in reality there is no such thing. Everything is somehow related and familiar or is it just a feeling? In other words what if I'll wake up and think that all of these are just a crap and a unlogical variations of conditions of my reality. And the people that I know is somewhat robotic and gives synthetic reactions in the opposite they usually give. They can look but felts me that they can not see. But. The animation, and the aesthetic of the universe is good. Basically, it is 5 out of 10 for me just because of it is ...
I've never seen a show more devoid of substance that's as popular. It's honestly mind-boggling! And clearly, this feeling is not mine alone (read some of the reviews here). The most heinous sin here is the incoherent storytelling and world-building. In fact, I think almost everything else about the show is equally bad too.. . World-building. Starting with the world-building, how do you even make sense of it? Each episode you have the "opportunity" to see a new mechanic or some random gibberish being said about this mechanism. It's so lazy to have the characetr using a new power explain how he does it every time there's ...
This is just... boring. It's so watered down it feels almost like a soap opera.. . Characters talk really slowly about very menial things. Every time they plan an attack on goblins, it's like they're going on the first quest of their lives - they're discussing the most basic strategies imaginable or pointing out things everyone should know already.. . The priestess should be experienced at this point, but is clumsy. Can only cast like 2 spells.. The elf brings a bow to a cramped area and complains that the fights are close quarters. Why not practice using daggers?. . Seriously, one of my biggest complaints is that magic is trash. You ...
Okay, so I'm 24, and maybe that's why I'm a bit critical about "My Little Monster." But let's talk about it!. . First up, the good stuff: Yamaken, Natsume, Sasahara, and Misawa. These characters had some real development and watching them change and grow was a highlight for me. It was genuinely nice to see their journeys throughout the series.. . But, let's talk about the rest. Shizuku, honestly, she just didn't do it for me. She came across as arrogant and kind of oblivious to her friends' feelings, which was frustrating. And Haru? His whole thing with being tough and into fist-fights felt a bit too much. Together, ...
Wow that movie made me Jujutsu my pants. Horrible, absolutely atrocious.. . Jujutsu Kiasen's strongest point has always been spectacle. This movie had some very impressive visuals, for about 5-10 minutes 2/rds of the way in. Which is "fine", but considering the budget of a movie, I would really expect more.. . As for everything else, as I already said its terrible. The main character is straight out of 2006, they looked at Shinji from Eva and decided to keep all the miserable/pathetic aspects of the character, without the creators reason for making him that way. After that they took all the main character "I'M THE STRONGEST. MOST ...
Started watching this right after finishing the original and it just baffled me. How on earth can something be better yet so much worse at the same time?. The art style is...a choice, not bad at all but could have been so much better, the character models are quite ugly, especially Seras.. The direction doesn't help it at all, just a bunch of still frames meant to show off the honestly quite over the top CGI. Voice acting also sucks, aside from the protagonists all the other characters sound like they're dubbed by randos the studio grabbed from the street to save themselves a couple bucks.. The original was ...
29 billion year old lolis, the series. Also, HAHA, she screams and camera shakes while showing a building, what a funny comedy!!!1. . This series is so bad and bland, but also boring it gave me migraine.. . I tried it because there's a lot of right winged/cringe memes with it, and some of my online people share it constantly, so I was just curious what flat brains are enjoying so much because honestly - this series looks like something your dog leaves on the ground after eating moldy salsa from the trash bit, and I absolutely regret being curious. This is just another loli-big tits-screaming-fanservice-slapstick trope cart filled ...
I just saw a lot of the bad reviews here saying the animation is bad and the CGI too, but decided to give it a go to see what I think.. . Man, this looks atrocious, don't waste your time. First of all because it's all CGI, beginning through end, and bad CGI btw.. There's not much more that I can say. The art is bad too, but the main problem is the CGI, it makes it look like it's not an anime, but a CGI film.. . So yeah, don't believe these 10 star reviews, as usual, the meaningful reviews are usually the ones in between the lowest and ...
The people rating this 10 are either excited due to knowing the manga and feeling they must praise the anime, or they're high on some strong substance.. . The main problem I had with this anime is how garbage it looks. I don't know the manga, and I didn't take the time to see how the story unfolds, but these I can say:. 1. The art is pure garbage, the colors used are overall ugly. A lot of yellow, ocre, brown and red everywhere, it looks bad.. 2. The animation is like 5 fps, and the fight scenes NEVER show the actuall scene, you'll see a shot of the ...
I wanted to leave my own review for this anime because I was conflicted about it. 100 Girlfriends is cute, it has great and consistent art, but I feel like the gags drag on way too long. I was watching this for the comedy, but they dedicate way too much time on one thing when they need to move onto the next joke. I like romcoms just fine, but when they drag out a "kiss zombie" cure mission for an ENTIRE episode? Yikes. You just have Rentaro running around the school for 20 minutes to take care of something that could have been done in ...
"Kimi no Iru Machi is arguably the most pointless romance anime ever created. With characters engaging in cringe-worthy theatrics to the protagonist making some inexplicably foolish decisions, all culminating to an exasperating narrative.. . The anime kicks off with a useless and utterly tedious arc featuring Haruto and his friend Kazama vying for Eba's affection. However, the conflict lacks any substance whatsoever, as Eba's inclinations are very much evident, and much of the episodes consist of recapping her relationship with the main character. This type of dramatic tension could have been either intensified or discarded altogether. Alternatively, dedicating episodes to Kazama's character development with a different girl ...
This isn't a particularly bad anime, but it's so uninteresting that if I continued watching it, I would get bored out of my mind, and that's why I'm dropping on episode 7.. . While this anime doesn't do anything particularly bad, it also doesn't exceed any expectations, it always stay on the safe zone doing just the minimum in all regards without taking any risks.. For example, the drama doesn't put anything on risk, everything is about how characters personally feel in the immediate moment. So the drama never goes beyond something that a character could easily work with and solve without much of a problem. Sometimes the ...
The voice of Ryuuto is a pain to the ears for the full 12 episodes this show has. I can not believe how embarrassed I sometimes felt to even listen to what comes out of Ryuuto's mouth. Ryuuto is literally acting like a cuck non stop. The way he talks makes u want stop watching anime. Imagine having a conversation with someone, and everytime u hear this sound from Ryuuto: ddwaaahhhuu, dwhhaauhh, uughhm, aahhhmm. He makes this sound like 5 times an episode. Why? The classic introvert, the classic getting flustered at his girl, the classic I'm a dumbass. I dont understand why Japanese anime ...
HypMic Round 2 - I'll just keep it short: Season 1 WOWed me, but the sequel here completely missed the mark.. . Given HypMic's anime introduction back 3 years ago, I didn't know much about the Evil Line Records idol label at the time, but it's clear that it got mixed reviews about its own anime adaptation in the sea of its mixed-media content, despite how much I lauded Season 1 for it being a clear, balls-off-the-wall premise about rap groups fighting against evil. It was such a novel concept that this can only be done through HypMic. And 3 years later, we get Rhyme Anima+, which ...
I had a lot of expectations for Marulk-chan no Nichijou as I really love Marulk and Ozen thinking I would get to see something that would deepen the characters even if it's just a bit by showing a short story. I have no issues with the lenght of the episodes or the amount of content shown, but rather the fact that it's just softcore porn.. . Made in Abyss can be incredibly interesting, with a world and rules so fascinating and cool; I did not expect that in the shorts, but rather how a "daily life" looks like in a world like that. I understand that ...
-Jujutsu Kaisen 0 review.-. . . This has to be one of the most pathetic attempts at sentimentalism that I have ever had the displeasure of watching.. . . Usually, shōnen anime has this issue in which a character’s personality basically consists of 1 single quirk and a sad 2-minute backstory that can be summarized in: everything was sunshine and rainbows until “the event happened and that’s why I fight”, because apparently to give depth to a character in real time and to build a multidimensional character is just impossible for most shōnen writers.. . . And really, that’s basically this entire movie.. ...
I watched this as a joke because I'm familiar with the game, manga, and live action movie, not to mention the episodes are shorts, so you can finish watching the whole thing within an hour...... But WHY? Why does this exist? The animation is poor, the story tries to be funny but it comes off as cheap, and after about 3 episodes in the voice acting just sucks.. . Save your time and eyes, once you've watched about 3 episodes you've seen all that this anime has to offer. The anime tries to make a joke of the game and characters by having them die in ...
This show offers absolutely nothing. Just an overhyped mess of a show where the creator trying to be deep but failing miserably at it. Because nothing of substance actually happens in the show. There's no reason for me to care about any of these characters because even after watching 76 percent of the show, I don't know anything about these characters. Heck even the live action offered me a better experience.. . As a Jazz fan, I am insulted by this show.. . If any Bebop fans read this review, their exact words will be "That's the POINT of the show! That nothing happens!". Womp Womp you ...
This TV show is what happens when you don't involve the original creator as deeply as you should, make bullshit transformations and bait fights to sell toys (thanks a lot Bandai Namco) and try to do it "better than the manga" and fail miserably at it because none of the writing makes any sense.. . Toei Animation used to be good at fillers because it was limited to the original manga. And now, having been given this much freedom to mess around with the story and characters to their full capacity, one can see what happens when a money hungry organisation can't get enough. A beloved franchise ...
At the start I was barely engaged enough to keep watching, by the creepy image of two identical blond boys. By the time I got to episode 8 though the joke was wearing thin and I was only continuing out of sunk cost. The fundamental issue is that this series is a mix of a very anime plot, and the story throwing as many absurd things as possible at you.. . The animeness of the plot really undercuts any investment because it draws your attention to how this is a work of fiction. It also extends to some of the visual and audio cues too. One ...
All I ever see lately coming out of Japan is a concept with either a pathetic loser MC or an overpowered Mary Sue MC who never faces any challenges and just crushes absolutely everything. Nothing in between. In this case, it's the former.. . The author tries to disguise this pathetic excuse for a male specimen as simply "unlucky". That's the *attempted* concept of the show. Bad things keep happening to the character and it's just bad luck. Except, it's not. Nothing about his character is due to lack of luck. Sure, he might ALSO happen to be unlucky, but 90% of his bad luck can be ...
Toaru Ossan at VRMMO Katsudouki came to make anyone's day more miserable than usual, but that's life, what do you do?. . The definition of this work is very simple, we have a middle-aged gamer playing a VRMMO style game, for fun, and we have the ´´pleasure`` of following this ´´beautiful`` story, a plot never done before, Even so, that's okay, how many times have we seen an anime be generic and more of the same be good due to striking and unique characteristics that differentiate them from so many others?. . Unfortunately, I must inform you in advance that this is not pleasant, cool or fun to watch, ...
Seiken Gakuin is a fantasy, magic and isekai anime and follows the former demon king Leonis Death Magnus, this personality in the past, more precisely 1000 years ago was the Demon Lord, so it was to be expected that he would be incredibly strong, something quite present and highlighted, the protagonist as commander of the underworld creates a very powerful army, as well as ammunition to conquer the human race, however the opponents organized themselves in battle, resulting in a victory for humanity that overthrew the demonic empire and its leader, This is a fundamental occurrence for humans to become stronger, be autonomous and progress ...
In the world of anime, we as viewers are shown so many beautiful romance stories. There are so many romances out there that have deeply moved me with their plot and execution, but that's just one of many things Our Dating Story does badly, execution.. . If I understand correctly, Our Dating Story: The Experienced You and the Inexperienced Me, is a show about characters with such cripplingly low self-esteem all growing up together and trying to overcome that. On top of a story about a group of people who are all the same on the surface but so wildly different on the inside. This is a ...
One of the worst anime I've ever watched.. . This show is what happen when you take a dare I say interesting premise and then ruin it with terrible story progression, borderline unnecessary characters, and I can't believe I'm saying this but too much comic relief if that even is a sentence.. . The plot boils down to a girl named Charlotte who is apparently framed for no good reason by her adoptive family after years living like a servant in the household, she ran away and our male protagonist, Allen found her unconscious in the forest, with the heart of a benefactor, he decided to take her in. ...
This is the worst of Tang Jia San Shao's stories that I have seen thus far.. . I have seen Douluo Dalu 1 & 2, Throne of Seal, and this.. . This is not only the worst, it isn't even CLOSE in terms of quality.. . The fights are long, boring, lots of nonsense animation where nothing happens, just flashy lights. The main character is a moron, and constantly does stupid crap to allow bad things to happen to him, instead of just making the bad guys competent.. . How this even has the same author I will never understand.. . Do NOT think this is representative of the other works. Douluo Dalu and Throne ...
Even after watching everything, I still don't understand the purpose of this anime; it's EMPTY, with no objective, no explanations, no context. We are vaguely told that Reiji, the main character, comes from another world, and we are supposedly watching an Isekai, but it doesn't matter at all. This information is presented without any significance, and the animation is flat, lifeless, as are the backgrounds and characters. Personally, I found the character design visually appalling.. . The work focuses on Reiji's alchemist talents, so I would have found it relevant to show us in detail how he obtains the resources necessary for making his potions, demonstrate how ...
So this is what it’s like to watch a series crash and burn in real time…. . Jujutsu Kaisen is an interesting beast of a series. When it first hit the mainstream anime community in 2020, many immediately took to praising it as one of the best Battle Shonens to come out of modern Jump, in spite of the fact that, in many other people’s eyes, it had yet to do anything all that notable or special to set itself apart from the competition. A big part of this was, of course, manga readers hyping up what the series would eventually do later down the line, and ...
I gave this anime a chance just because it took a high place in the weekly rankings, but as expected.. I was disappointed. I'll start with the animation, it's terrible, an anime involving fights, without good animation it has no chance of being a good title.. This the anime is a generic shounen where the characters are flat and the action focuses on the fight, which is not impressive due to poor animation.. It's just an average film that, for reasons unknown to me, is quite popular this season, but then will be forgotten like the rest of similar crap.. I can only praise the ...
🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮. . Tbh I knew what to kinda expect going into this nightmare of an anime! Child grooming aside for just a minute. The ups and downs of this anime was giving me whiplash and we get to the damn ending. I’m not spoiling it but give me a f#cking break!!!! Tbh honest I was thinking of dropping it a while ago but it’s on my damn fyp on other social media platforms I thought let me finish this car wreck. I already started watching before, if the FBI came knocking on my door I was ready to explain myself. I need bleach!. . Now back to the ...
Decided to give this a shot due to the #1 ranking, if you like watching paint dry, then this may be the anime for you.. . I couldn't even have it on in the background while doing something else, its just not something I was able to do.. . Surprised that there is no slice of life tag on this. Its boring and mundane, might as well have the setting in a library.. . Art is decent, Plot ??? there doesn't seem to be one, they just walk around doing some task or another with no real build up to anything big , Characters -> Bland, not even a bit of ...
As I'm fairly sure I mentioned in my previous piece, Shield Hero has an identity problem. The show doesn't seem to know what to do with itself in the absence of Naofumi being unfairly slighted and oppressed by those around him.. . Matter of fact, the show starts by posing a problem the Cardinal Heroes need to solve and the 3 others straight up refuse to help for no good reason and walk away, almost as if it were written in their DNA that they just necessarily have to be assholes to make the story work. The saving grace is that other than a couple of throw-away ...
Objectively speaking, there’s nothing to this sequel. There’s no point in watching it. Nothing happens.. . The core conflict of the story is resolved at the end of season 1. Catarina clears all of her death flags. She’s safe now. She’ll be fine. We’re done. Yet the show goes on for some reason. The conflict that is the literal title of the story gets resolved by episode 12, yet we’re treated to another 13 episodes of just slice of life nothingness.. . Will you have a good time with this if you enjoyed S1 and emotionally invested in the characters? Yes, you will. Think of it like The Hobbit ...
Samurai High School is a comedic spin-off of the original Sengoku Basara anime produced by Brain’s Base studio. It features an alternate timeline where all of the historical characters from the main franchise are shown in a high school setting. It’s not about taking control of Japan, but the high school instead. Oda Nobunaga is the headmaster, Toyotomi Hideyoshi is the former student council president, Tokugawa Ieyasu is the aspiring student council president, Sanada Yukimura is the football club captain, Date Masamune the baseball club captain, and so on, and so forth. Oh, and yes, they still do have superpowers. No, it’s not just visual ...
The premise is as straightforward as this sort of thing can be. Kuroto Nakano is a single, depressed Japanese office worker perpetually stressed out by his job. Still, seeing as he lives alone, he has no choice but to struggle and push forward to sustain himself. According to the show's supernatural conceit, all of that stress, sleep deprivation, and depression inevitably takes the form of a darkness residing within the body, and once it surpasses containment level, it manifests itself externally as a sort of black smog, which not only negatively affects the people around one's self, but will also bring one's life to ruin.. . Thankfully, ...
The Sky Crawlers gets its name from the fact that it's a movie about fighter pilots. It's the closest thing to the Japanese Top Gun that I can think of, in that it contains amazing dogfight scenes, but doesn't have much of anything else going on.. . The latest of Oshii Mamoru-sensei's creations, the director of Ghost in the Shell, it also features the same composer, Kawai Kenji, and sound director, Wakabayashi Kazuhiro, as GitS. However, rather than the original GitS movie with its thought-provoking themes, Sky Crawlers feels a lot more similar to the GitS sequel with its mind-numbingly slow pacing and pretentious quotes. Thankfully, Sky ...
I'll get straight to the point:. - it's 3d. - you can't find half of the episodes. - that's about it. - disappointing (not up to my standard). . PS: If you want a serious review, you'll have to give me a reason.. . . . ...
Summary: Only for those who love a lot of blood and decapitating.. . Cruel scenes in Ep 1 was necessary to justify MC's cause for revenge. However continuing violence by both sides made it faded over and over. Many characters were designed just to be killed without enough contribution to the story.. . The antagonist's purpose and method were sounding, and having counterpart at MC's side is a good setting for finale. However, Queen concert in that context was really ridiculous.. . Opening and Ending was fine, but it could do nothing about the rating. Easily one of the worst this year, unless you're enjoying this kind of shows in order ...
Saihate no Paladin had a good premise in the first season that somehow made it interesting to watch. It just shouldn't have gotten a second season. Everything is just bad maybe worse than the first season. There is like literally no interesting filler. you get one episode with 1 to 5 minutes of interesting content and then just a boring part.. Tutorial on how to make slow-paced anime interesting: backstories worth being interested in, beautiful scenery and SFX, main character day activities, and bonding characters.. Saihate no Paladin is a disaster. I read the manga and watched the first season and still, I think whoever worked ...
One word summary boring. You will sit through 10 episodes watching some random dude delusional day to day life with slow development it’s not even comedic you can see the twist coming form the moon and the solution? Just press undo vary inspiration indeed not to mention the most boring animation and colors imaginable I thought it was there for a reason the first couple of episodes the characters are one note i don’t have anything good to say about this crap it’s a visual novel in anime style not that deep. The to too roo is 10/10 though.. Idk why it have this high of ...
Let me start with that I've never been this disappointed in a show before. So much so that I felt I needed to write this review/warning. If you thought season 2 was bad then I'll save you some time and brain cells. Not worth watching. The writing gets bad and the story is all over the place. This anime can be best described with the horse drawing meme. I just don't understand how one could ruin the story and characters this much. To the point where nothing makes sense. Like why does bitch have so many connections and why is everyone a simp. 4/10 I ...
Que triste por este anime, al principio en el desarrollo de la historia podrías ver todo el potencial, mientras mas avanzan comenzabas a ver todas las incongruencias, un prota con power pero sin power, con habilidades pero un inútil en la batalla, y cuando pensabas que podía hacer algo bien te demostraba que aun era posible ser mas inútil, un anime con fallos en espacio tiempo, argumental, secuencia y desarrollo, dejo un claro ejemplo: en un combate esta desarmado corre a auxiliar a alguien y luego esta armado nuevamente..... . Realmente no tengo palabras para un desarrollo tan malo, y no diré nada del dibujo.
it starts well. you can call it a breath of fresh air. and you think to yourself its a cool battle shounen. but then it start to be tiring. i honestly think there is no reason for the show to be 100 episodes because its so repetitive that by the 20-30 episode you feel tired of it.. . honestly. if it was a 24-30 episodes series that is maybe divided into seasons it would be much better. to watch 100 episodes of this is tiring.. . and yes it feels super outdated. the vilians also feel super cartoony. well. i know its a cartoon and all. but still. ...
When you make a show like this you can make it work like how Demon Lord is a part-timer worked because it had decent pace, nice jokes and a story to work with.. Bullbuster literally has none of the above. It's boring, slow, there are barely any jokes at all, it tries to look all serious when it's actually stupid and the quality is non-existant.. Best part of this show was the trailer that picked some of my interest.. . I really have nothing to say about it at all. It's a total disappointment.. . There is no interesting character development or relationships, there is no meta story that could keep ...
So pretty generic and uninteresting on the whole. A few gags and slice of life titbits but that’s all it’s got going for it until ep 6 when it pulls out all the stops and goes full retard when all the super duper special sword chicks have a big showdown and I got bored cos of the unbearable cheese factor. And I was like nah sorry this is where I get off the fun boat. it’s seasonal garbage. If you want reused tropes, plot and generic forgettable cast who act like incompetent children, by all means feast your eyes. But I would recommend you skip ...
I’m gonna keep it a buck fifty with you, chief. This is dogshit. There’s no other way to put it.. . First of all, there was no need for this to be an isekai whatsoever. Throughout the show, you’ll get vague flashback images indicating that the protagonist was an office worker in his past life, and he felt some type of way about it. One could call that ‘subtle storytelling’, but we have a word for that kind of subtle storytelling in English. It’s called uninspired and generic.. . Second, the dude’s name is Yuji. Shut the fuck up.. . Third, bro gets reincarnated into the fantasy world as a Tamer, ...
I’ve said before that it’s difficult to appreciate content that is evidently designed to pander to a fetish you don’t have. That being said, the context in which I’ve previously made that point is my essay about The Caretaker of Sunahara-sou, which taps into a fairly common fetish. Insofar as that show was concerned, even if you didn’t have an outright MILF fetish, as long as you were a heterosexual male (or homosexual female, I suppose), I submit that you would still get a good to fair amount of, uh, satisfaction from it. The same cannot be said about MGFX, however, for we are talking ...
My instinct is to say you should skip this and just watch hentai instead, but there was a time in my life when I actively sought out and wanted to watch softcore shows that featured nudity in a non-hentai context. I suppose the thinking was that actual hentai is too gratuitous, so I wanted to see the titties of actual characters that have personalities in more serious shows – I wanted to feel like I’m getting away with something. It’s been a while, so I can’t really relate anymore, but I kind of get it.. . As it stands, Shinmai Maou is tied with Masou Gakuen HxH ...
'Zom 100' attempts to achieve with zombies what 'Spy Family' achieved with spies: a fairly enjoyable season of well-animated action-comedy filler. Unfortunately, against a backdrop of mass death, its comedy appears callously stupid. The show has little to say and it says it all in episode one; what's left is an idiotic protagonist frolicking through a zombie-themed spring break like a late, third-rate, tone-deaf 'Shaun of the Dead'.. . Let's get this out of the way: for the purposes of satire and other social commentary, monsters and disasters can stand for other things. Pollution awakens Godzilla, and he goes on a rampage: Godzilla stands for the cost ...
Gosh, this anime is just so unbelievable, I had to drop it and won't even dare to pick it up ever again.. EVERYTHING IS WRONG.. . Let me explain.. . Plot: Everything is the same EVERY EPISODE! In a nutshell: wake up, school, home, eat that can cause serious diseases, mock onII-cHaN, laugh, sleep, repeat. Who cares if little sister suddenly is obese and has diabetes, right? Who cares about that? Also, is constantly the same jokes, nevermind..I can't even call it jokes.. . Characters: No, just no. Why is everyone sexualized? Ebina is sexualized, EBINA'S MOTHER is sexualized, that blue-haired girl is sexualized, the only girl who is not sexualized is ...
At first glance, Kage no Jitsuryokusha ni Naritakute! appears to be a parody due to its unconventional use of isekai tropes. However, upon closer inspection, it's evident that this isn't the case. The series seems to be a genuine attempt at utilizing these tropes in an unhinged manner. Despite this realization, the absence of parody doesn't salvage its quality. The narrative still succumbs to the pitfalls of a poorly executed isekai, where the world overly favors the main character, resulting in a lackluster storytelling experience.. . Repetitive Humor and Lack of Evolution. Little has changed in this latest season. The humor remains stagnant and repetitive, rendering even potentially ...
I was excited to watch this certain show as I enjoyed Waver/Iskandar content from Fate Zero.. . Let's get the main thing out of the way, This show in particular has nothing to do with the Grail War. Secondly It didn't feel like a fate series, it was more like a detective/mystery show. The start was good but after a while its alright but nothing interesting was happening anyways. I would recommend watching the first episode if you are a fan of Waver or want more Waver content but anything after that is not worth it.. . Lets talk about the other things about the show. . - Character: 3/10. . Design ...
An anime does not need to hijack your computer and send hoax emails about your untimely death to your loved ones, nor discolor the screen you're watching it on to be considered completely, utterly worthless. The key is in the word itself; worthless - meaning an absence of worth. Are there animations within the medium, albeit mostly of the mouths of characters plastered onto static backgrounds? Yes, there is. Is the voice acting competent in that it maintains a consistent tone of voice for its characters, and there's no flub takes being snuck into the final product? Also, yes. Is there a narrative that builds ...
Yuri on Ice has brought a lot of people into ice skating, and that's wonderful. It also starts out being pretty compelling by establishing an interesting narrative of this out-of-shape, anxious, in-the-closet skater trying to drag himself back up to the peak. Unfortunately, it languishes in this mire of protagonist self-confidence issues for which Victor is the only solution, is extremely repetitive (we get to see the same routine again? I wonder what he'll mess up because of nerves this time!), and is absolutely not gay enough. I do not have lived experience as a homosexual person, but other reviewers have spoken about their frustrations ...
This show had a really strong start with an interesting premise and a very neat outlook on the "what if" scenario of a zombie apocalypse... but the longer it went on, the worse it seemed to get, and the huge hiatus that delayed the last few episodes did some major damage for those watching as it released. Overall, I liked this show, don't get me wrong, but the last 3 episodes (while trying to excuse the hiatus) took my score from a 6 to a 1. I'm desperately trying to avoid spoilers, but the story was pretty much mediocre, the comedy (which really doesn't match ...
This show is, you know, bad. Not gonna spend a lot of time talking about this, I'll try to sum up why it fail in comparison to the first season:. 1. Everyone is OP. A lot of the supporting cast and antagonists are as powerful or even more than mob, breaking the premise upon which the first season was built.. 2. It's not fun. Season one was fun and didn't take itself seriously. This one tries to be more mature and cuts down on the amount of jokes, it didn't work well. The jokes that do show up come out of place or are too predictable, ...
If Haruhi was a guy, everyone would hate them.... . Since years I wanted to watch the show cause it was so popular and I really liked to watch something that would start simple and funny and turn into romantic drama.. Well, the romantic drama wasn't really such a long part, so forget that.. The other part was just pretty boring. Or even annoying. Guess, maybe that is the message of that anime. It is so boring, so we can feel Haruhi's boredom. And when something exciting happens, it gets better. But even if you see the anime in that light, it is... only 4 stars for me. Most ...
the show is actually so realistic and so bad in the same time show u how dumby girl thinking can be and how to end up in dumb situations , I do not really recommend it as a romantic show except u want to see something make u question your life choices.. . -Do you think the art style is fitting for the story?. the art style is bad but the characters are well designed and fit some how. . -Did the characters react to situations and events in a realistic way?. yeah maybe. . -Do you think others will enjoy/dislike this series, even if you didn't? Why?. maybe the deep weebs ...
Kingdom of Ruin storyline is intriguing and pulls the audience in after episode 1, however, its execution from there leaves much to be desired. The main characters are generic and there's nothing wrong with that. Music is reasonable. The animation though is HORRID. Rarely do I struggle to watch an anime because of its terrible animation. HALF the show is STILL SHOTS. When Kingdom of Ruin is not showing still shots the animation is in slow motion. I feel like the show was running at 0.75 speed so they could fill out the 23 minutes per episode. I kid you not I was thinking this ...
Typically, I wouldn't fault One Piece for including recaps. I've watched all 11 recaps of the Wano arc. This particular recap had the potential to dive into Momonosuke's ascent and his development throughout the entire saga. However, TOEI opted to concentrate solely on the last 10 episodes, specifically on what happens after the final act of the battle between Luffy and Kaido. Moreover, their focus was exclusively on Momonosuke and Wano, overlooking events occurring outside the country. Consequently, almost nothing needed to be recapped, hence this special served no meaningful purpose. I highly suggest you skip this as it adds nothing.
I initially watched Steins;Gate 0 back in 2018. I am a massive fan of the original and recall myself being very disappointed by Steins;Gate 0. I was 17 years old at the time and figured I'd give the show a rewatch now that I'm 5 years older. Unfortunately everything I thought about the show back then holds true to this day, and I do not recommend this show to anyone. Especially not to big fans of the original Steins;Gate like I am.. . The main issue with Steins;Gate 0 is not what it doesn't have, because it does actually have a lot going on (too much in ...
Zom 100: Zombie ni Naru made ni Shitai 100 no Koto has taught me that people don’t know what “dystopia” means anymore. For the last 5ish years, I’ve seen a lot of complains on why the generic isekai we get by the dozens are popular, but I find the answer to that question very obvious: escapism, as they provide an outlet for MC-kun to get free from the burdens of the real world, and enter a fantasy world where he can do whatever he wants, while the high school age viewers places themselves in his place. Zom 100 offers the same idea but for the ...
Yet another bang average seasonal harem fantasy anime.. . Now usually I don't mind them. I enjoy this pairing of genres for quick late night binging. As long as it has a cute cast of characters and a respectably apt main lead I'll consume any harem anime.. . Well it ticks the box for cute characters. Even though most lack any semblance of depth and are just cardboard cutouts appealing to degenerates.. . The story is passable. Its an interesting concept and an even more interesting theme. It definitely had potential.. . Alas my biggest gripe is the protagonist. For some unfathomable reason I simply cannot understand why anime still run with ...
Do yourself a favor, and don't start watching this franchise from the first movie. This first move is completely skippable, and a painful 50 minute experience if you don't know the backstory already.. . First time watchers are recommended to watch in release order, if that really is the best way, watching onwards from the second movie and leaving this movie for the last seems a lot better. Honestly though, just not watching it at all is even better.. . Let's break it down then.. . Art: Good, as one would expect from ufotable.. . Characters: Extremely bland, could have been swapped with cardboard cutouts in this movie.. . Plot: The movie intentionally has the ...
Story - 10/10. It made me question a lot of things. Made me see some in a new light. It also made me cry until I threw up, and sent me into a month-long depressive episode after I finished it. So, y’know, fair warning.. . Art - 10/10.. I admit it took me a while to get used to, but I think the style adds to the feeling as the story progresses. The occasional comedy of the exaggerated style creates some lovely tension with the dark subject material.. . Character - 10/10.. Complex and (unfortunately) very lovable.. . Sound - 10/10. I’m not exaggerating when I say it haunts me. Listening to it ...
Summoned to Another World for a Second Time is a show that follows the basic tropes of your standard isekai power fantasy... or perhaps I should say "followed".. . This show falls into the same pitfall that many of it's genre do but somehow even more so. These shows tend to lose their impact or stakes because the protagonist's abilities will just overpower any threat because the script says it does but this show has that and more because the protagonist has already been to this world and has already solved all the issues he encounters and just solves them again with nothing really at stake.
Dropped it after 5 episodes, even that was too many! This is really REALLY bad. It's boring, with detestable characters, a plot that is non-existent and it's an absolute miracle it didn't make my bottom 5 of 2023, the only reason being I dropped it, it would be unfair to include something I have not finished but I simply could not finish this.. . I think some people may enjoy the slow pace, the fact that nothing really happens, the cat etc... but let me ask you something? Do you think your time is infinite so you waste it or would it be better to spend it ...
Romcom is dead. That’s it. That’s my review.. . Now, seriously, Kimi no Koto ga Dai Dai Dai Dai Daisuki na 100-nin no Kanojo is probably one of the worst romcoms in recent memory. The word “romcom” originates from combining the words “romantic” and “comedy”, so, here we have a romcom that is neither funny nor has romance, fundamentally failing at the most basic level of the genre.. . I have always found a problem with romcoms and that is a reason why, even though I like some of them, they are always flawed in one way or another, as usually girls will fall in love with a guy ...
Keikenzumi is an anime that starts with a premise that as a whole is entirely not original, but that has a small spice to it that makes it different than most of the others one could watch of this genre, which is the fact that the main girl is the experienced one and that already had plenty of relationships, while the main boy is the one that never did anything related to romance. Just because of that alone, there will surely be plenty of people that will hate this anime, because they are unable to see a main girl that is not a pure and ...
Dropped this one after 4 episodes. The first episode hooks potential viewers with gratuitous fanservice that approaches, but never reaches parody. Character designs are attractive, but the characters themselves are forgettable. I struggle to even recall their names, save for Kasumigaoka Utaha, whose name I remember not because of an interesting personality, but because the show forces her name down your throat, as some kind of bad joke.. . In concept, the show's premise is at least vaguely interesting. The problem lies in the execution. At least within the first four episodes (Three, not counting the blatant fanservice "pilot"), the show focuses *exclusively* on the most boring ...
This is a disappointing adaptation, so much so that I felt inclined to write my first review.. . The animation is clunky, there’s endless dead time and still frames, with several key details altered or completely discarded from the source material. I genuinely struggle to find anything redeemable from an adaptation perspective.. . The fact that they skimmed over 10 chapters of plot and world building in a 30 second montage at the end of the last episode was especially painful.. . The only reason I don’t rate it lower is due to the source material.. If this was my first encounter with the series, I probably would’ve dropped it by ...
Everything about this show comes across as low effort. From the outset, I got the distinct impression I was watching a drama CD that was then animated completely independently after the fact. The animation is minimal. The storyboarding is cut-and-paste. The performance is perfunctory. The frigging lens flare-esque filter that's thrown on top of every scene is super ugly. Why did they do that. I would honestly be more offended if someone did put effort into writing this, because god, the first episode of this has our main dude explain his backstory like every time a new scene starts. If you're not just throwing every ...
Initially when I heard about this spin-off, I was excited and optimistic. However, after watching, I feel disappointed. It quickly became clear that this was simply nostalgia-bait.. A good amount of the episodes followed the formula of "I'm doing my dream job but it isn't what I expected oh no" and then they transformed and became Cures again. There was so much reused and poorly upscaled animation for the transformations and finisher attacks along with flashbacks to the old seasons.. The Shadows were so ugly too, being jarringly 3d-animated. And the motivation of Bell made no sense. The show was clearly trying to do a ...
This anime show was like a roller coaster. However, this roller coaster seemed to only go downhill. At first I noticed a familiar style of drawing the characters. I was not wrong. The author of the original manga was Kengo Hanazawa. His manga 'I am a hero' brought me many positive emotions at the time. That is why I started watching UN with high expectations.. But, there are always 'buts'. With each subsequent episode, my expectations for this show went lower and lower.. What I thought was a kind of meta-ironic humor, which is only gaining momentum and will be revealed in the future, turned out ...
This could have been sooooooo good…the set up of a girl falling for her yakuza bodyguard could have been sooooo good… and this just failed miserably.. . The show centers around Isaku, who is the granddaughter of a yakuza boss, and her goal of wanting to live a normal life. She enters high school with the hope of achieving that, but to her surprise, Keiya, one of her grandfathers underlings, enters high school with her (disguised as a student) “to protect her.” Needless to say, things don’t go entirely to plan.. . As I already stated, the concept could’ve been executed wonderfully, giving us a really great romance ...
The first season of the faraway paladin suffered from a low budget and poor directing which I feel had failed to capture the captivative and emotional feel of its story compared to the LN and manga counterpart. And while season 2 did improve on animation, the storytelling remains underwhelming.. . The story - 5. Season 2 covers volume 3 and 3.5 that is about William's quest into the former dwarven kingdom of the iron mountains to subjugate the evil dragon, with the theme being centered around our protagonist's courage to rise up and challenge an impossible foe. New characters are introduced and we especially got new lights shedded ...
part 6 is my absolute favorite part in the manga. I read it and fell in love with jolyne. However, this adaptation did jolyne so dirty. The cgi was terrible, and the only thing I found myself truly enjoying was the colors and opening. It broke my heart to see my most favorite part and one of my favorite characters destroyed all because it got netflixified. I would have rather it had no adaptation than this crappy excuse of a adaptation. If a person watching it hasn't seen the manga I could potentially see it being more enjoyable but the fact of the matter remains ...
So... if you are reading this review at this moment, there is a big chance that you have not watched this anime yet and are probably thinking of giving it a try after reading the synopsis or maybe after seeing the cast of voice actors or maybe you are just curious to see Ruka-chan's isekai gaming journey. For whatever reason you had thought of watching this 'Video Game' anime, just drop it.. . Ok, so I am going to talk about the eSports aspect of the show first. I am guessing that most of the gamers from the last decade (casuals included) have at least heard of ...
Oh my, what in the world did I just subject myself to? I had heard so much hype about this movie, and against my better judgment, I thought, "Why not give it a shot?" Even though I was skeptical from the get-go, especially after that lackluster trailer. I could sense the generic and boring vibes, and boy, was I right. This marks the first time I've ever skipped through half of a movie.. . Honestly, what was with all the silliness and unnecessary political undertones? I yearn for the days of "A Silent Voice" and "Your Name." Those movies were engaging and captivating, but this one felt ...
I Shall Survive Using Potions! - 1st time's a fluke, 2nd time's a borderline pass, and 3rd time's the charm? NOPE, this trend has finally ended here.... . If you've been on the anime bandwagon for about 4-5 years now, you might have seen this Fall 2019 show called Watashi, Nouryoku wa Heikinchi de tte Itta yo ne! a.k.a Didn't I Say to Make My Abilities Average in the Next Life?!. Despite the rather lackluster premise and subpar production, it was a show where the simplicity of the fantasy Isekai reincarnation OP genre, by meandering away from many of its contemporaries at the time, it was a ...
Protocol: Rain a.k.a Our Rainy Protocol - When it rains, what can we do? Shall we play a game?. . I'm sure you've heard of the term eSports; it has become a global phenomenon from games like Counter Strike:GO to Fortnite, with international championships that are a high-stakes fame and fortune roundabout way of saying that this is the job of professional gamers.. . Well, I'm sorry to tear your gamer card: Take one look at Bokura no Ameiro Protocol, and what you see is what you get. Props to the studio for trying to create their inept imitation of Counter Strike, but it looks janky...and also programmed like ...
3 steps up from a '1' on the first season. Less appalling, now it's only bad.. . I'll address the elephant in the room which is the incest. There is none. There's a brother and a sister who love each other and want to improve their relationship. Is the entire show a gigantic insinuation that they want to be romantically involved? Yes and it's perfectly fine because these are fictional characters and it's not the focus of the story.. I can tell you why incest is objectively wrong besides the genetic risks - It's near impossible for it to be a consensual relationship due to the inherent trust ...
While the start of the first season was a rather interesting one, in S2 we are given more like the ending of the first season - a rather ordinary isekai OP MC story with no innovation or effort put in it. Let me just give you a quick rundown so you can go watch something better instead.. . Story. Typical OP MC isekai stuff: our hero takes on “impossible” challenges while being constantly praised for being basically godlike. This time “The Hobbit” was taken as the source of inspiration and most of the season is about the journey to a fallen dwarven country to kill a ...
This anime adaptation, while trying to mirror its original game, falls significantly short in capturing the game's unique essence. The story, which in the game is rich and immersive, feels rushed and predictable in the anime, lacking the depth and intricacy that fans of the genre would appreciate.. . Artistically, the anime's style doesn't quite complement the story. It misses the nuanced visuals that the game presented, making it less engaging. The characters, a vital component of the original game, are not well-rounded in the anime. They lack the complexity, showing neither significant flaws nor strengths, and their reactions to situations feel unrealistic and oversimplified.. . For fans of ...
Well, good things first: The sound is good. The art is kinda... welll, once you get used too it, it's kinda good and unique. The ehm... let's call it a "Stroy" is also unique in its own way and some characters are funny.. And now the bad things: The whole rest!. . As I just said the story is unique. Also, I don't have problems with stories you have to think about to understand everything like in Serial Experiments Lain, King of Thorns, or the Info dumping within the first episodes of Steins;Gate and DURARARA!!. But the difference is that those Anime have a good story and once ...
I wanted to like this anime because I enjoy watching it talking about games, people passionnate about games and the different playstyles (especially the last episode even though debating about the usefulness of a hobby isn't the right question) but the rest is awful.. At first the misunderstandings were a little funny but as the anime story is only misunderstandings between e-ve-ry character it gets annoying very quickly and makes the story very plain and predictable. Add to this an intrusive little sister, a rushed ending, plain romance, lots of plain characters, poor animation, lots of coincidences (only to create more misunderstandings of course) and you ...
First off I could not finish this anime, I only got four episodes in before I dropped it. I like the ideas behind it but the plot makes absolutely no sense, I know in mechas there is a suspension of disbelief to watch it but this show asks you to completely turn your brain off and I can't. And this completely gets in my way of enjoying this show, which is a bummer because I like some of the ideas of this show and want continue watching it but I can't because of the plot holes. The plot is essentially their this country who ...
Look, I made no attempts to hide my dislike for this story during the first 3 episodes and then I shut up because there were little things that were improving, but they all went nowhere.. Yoko Taro is a fucking fraud. Without a doubt a top 3 worst artists I've ever gave a chance to simply because of this story. There are SO many wrong things about it that are conceptual. Jin being in charge of the script really tried hard to work with them and it shows, but there's so much he can do when Yoko Taro creates such a garbage story, with garbage characters ...
After a horrendous second season, Shield Hero is back, but I can’t decide if it’s fully bounced back. Right of rip, this season already has better animation and fight scenes than the last season, but that’s not really saying much to be honest. Season 3, although I guess being better written overall than Season 2, feels directionless. You see, the first season mainly focused on Naofumi’s revenge storyline, while the second was devoted (partially) to the Spirit Tortoise and Kizuna’s world. This season doesn’t have the same kind of focal point for the writing to hone in on like its predecessors. If I were to ...
Goblin slayer season 1 was nothing legendary but it was a decent watch with a good idea that was well executed. The second season in comparison feels like a drag to watch. It feels filler-ish even when the main story is taking place, the character interactions are decently fun to watch, the action is pretty mediocre compared to season one. the one saving grace is the final arc, which is also pretty mediocre compared to season 1.i dislike long and draggy reviews so to sum it up:. Animation: 6/10. Story: 2/10. Characters: 6.5/10. Pacing: 5/10. Sound: 7/10. overall: just skip, its a waste of time.
For an anime that started so strong in its first season, the second season really is a letdown.. . In season 1, the Ajin had a bit of mystery, and even the characters were somewhat mysterious. You were given the time and scenes to figure them out. What are their reasons for doing what they do? What are their ideas, philosophies? And with this supernatural phenomena of immortality and the ability to call upon a very potent companion, how should it be treated? None of this is further expanded upon the second season.. . The CGI animation is still pretty good, for CGI, but the emotional performances are carried ...
Incredibly slow and sluggish from start to finish... we have finally come to an end with this school arc. And thank goodness for that!. . This whole arc, from first to second cour, has been a difficult watch. In that I very much enjoyed the typicals that come with this series: The gorgeous art and animation, the music, Chise and Elias, the familiar magical elements... the OP is fun to see with every episode beginning! Beyond that however, our main characters are sitting around twiddling their thumbs playing second fiddle to Philomela. The true MC of what felt like the longest filler arc I've come to watch.. . By ...
I had quite a few expectations when I decided to watch this movie. But I was not satisfied with how it turned out to be.. The animation was okay and the soundtrack was decent. But the character design lacks taste. Neither the protagonist nor the other characters leave a lasting impression.. . Coming to the story, you would expect something interesting every time there's a time leap in a movie. But almost all the time leaps in this story were pretty uneventful except three times. This movie definitely failed in the aspect of "time travel". Now, the romance aspect isn't very redeeming either. I didn't realize ...
This season can be divided in two parts, the good first 3 episodes and the other 9 bad ones.. . The first three episodes are "complete", they have a start, a middle and an ending story, a new character is introduced with their motives and the results of those, that is a good enough arc.. . However, things turn sour as the other 9 episodes go on, for instance: Bitch's role is so stupid in this season, it feels like the author is writing for toddlers considering how repetitive she behaves; the other three heroes are still cringe and they behave like spoiled brats, there could be other ways ...
Im still confused as to why they did 12 episodes instead of doing a movie. I wasted my time on this anime. First episode was like damn! From the second to the tenth episode it just went donwhill, and when the climax arrives in the final two episodes I just wanted it to end.. . We get animes like this because Chat GPT is out. The story did not make sense. A bunch of scenes put out together and call it an anime.. . I have to comment about the art to make this review, but it makes me more angry that I have to write ...
NOTE: Another review that I wrote on Letterboxd on 3/6/2022. . This is one of those anime films that I remember renting on VHS when I was a kid, over 20 years ago. Tokyo Vice aka The Tokyo Project was first released in Japan in 1988, but it was not released in the United States until 13 years later by Media Blasters. I decided to revisit it because I wanted to see if my opinion on it has changed or not. When I was 10, I thought Tokyo Vice was a decent anime, not the worst thing ever, as some people claim. I can see why so ...
Much better than Shield Hero S3 (except animation). . That's not a high bar, is it? It's easy to compare this anime to Shield hero because the MC's are so identical to one another that you need to conduct a DNA test to find who is the real one.. . First episode had a shock factor, which may or may not hook the audience. If you did get hooked, you may get disappointed with the subsequent episodes as the vibe of the show completely changes from what was portrayed it to be in the season premiere. The story seems to be a amalgamation of fantasy and sci-fi, which should ...
An anime in which literally nothing happens. Supposedly there are some girls, supposedly they have some problems of their own but you don't give a shit about them. This is one of those anime that I watched on acceleration x2 and wouldn't you guess, I embraced everything that was going on there. This anime is so slow, tedious and boring that even speeding up and giving the pace of the plot development (which isn't here) a kick doesn't help, although I won't say, it saves a lot of time.. There's no waifu material here, and even the funny French girl who however tries to pull this ...
Season 2 of 'The Rising of the Shield Hero' went downhill from the exciting storyline of Season 1. Naofumi, who was once interesting, lost his spark. The plot became messy, and any hope for a good story fell apart.. . In Season 3, things got worse despite better visuals. The harem part messed up the plot even more. It felt rushed and all over the place, making the show aimless and messy. It turned into a trash isekai!. . It's sad to see a show with potential go so wrong. The characters lacked depth, and the rushed storytelling ruined the essence of the show. Even with better animation, it ...
eiken Gakuin no Makentsukai... the realm where swords clash and magic weaves an intricate web of intrigue and enchantment. Let's dissect this tale through a discerning lens, shall we?. . Story: Our tale follows the reincarnation of a Demon Lord, wielding a rich arsenal of spells and blades. The academy setting, while familiar, fails to transcend the bounds of originality, hovering around a rather lukewarm 4/10.. . Art: The visual tapestry spun within this realm boasts commendable depictions of mystical creatures and grand spectacles, fitting neatly into the genre's expected aesthetics. An orthodox 7/10 for its serviceable yet unsurprising artistry.. . Sound: Ah, the auditory backdrop, harmonizing seamlessly with the enchanting ...
Ok, normally I just rate really bad anime and then move on, but this anime was something else. I like the isekai genre and even watch the most generic ones, but this is lower than low. I had the urge to punch my screen while I watched the episodes and it isn‘t even worth my time, talking about everything that was appaling. There was no logic, the main plot felt like some side plot, the mc has no personality etc. Why implement showing the mana amount when just ignoring it. It felt like just a random number that was rolled with a random number generator. ...
So after this season finale today I decided to write a review for this.. . So season 1 I enjoyed it a fair bit enough to wanna watch season 2, but i'm giving this season a 4 overall because I felt like the whole show was watered down and kinda felt more like a "FeelsGoodMan" show. Season 1 left me with a gritty and realistic view on fighting goblins and stuff. Season 2 IN MY OPINION had a lot of filler and I kinda got bored and stopped watching for a few weeks then binged the rest of it. I understand seasons can't have the same kind ...
This show is entirely an author's self indulgence.. This is indirectly confirmed in this show and the 'alternative ending' special (which I'm including in this review), where an emphasis is put on creators wanting to put out what they like even if it doesn't please people, even if it messes with editors, directors, producers and anyone else who wants a piece of the pie.. . I think this mentality is extremely admirable and we need important examples of passionate art and entertainment to contrast to the massive overload of remakes and sequels that saturate theaters, TV and streaming services.. Problem is, you need to actually put ...
I’ll be the first to admit I am an inconsistent writer. My life is a constant barrage of new tasks and distractions that keeps me from accomplishing, well, pretty much everything I set my mind to. Things get especially difficult to manage around the holiday season but here I am, back in the game, because over the past 13 or so weeks I’ve been subjected to one of the most indefensibly piss-poor, psychologically agitating pieces of “art” I’ve ever seen in my entire life. Hametsu no Whatever, Who Actually Gives a Shit About the Title of This Garbage is the rare kind of complete and ...
This season continues to show how cutting content and worldbuilding makes a “good enough to be enjoyable” source to a dull bland mess. So, what exactly are you signing in for when you start watching this season?. -Visuals. They are mostly fine, but there are enough cheap looking scenes, and tre CGI is still ugly, clunky and looks horrible.. -Sound. Nothing impressive, nothing memorable.. -Plot. Horribly rushed. As I have already mentioned, the whole season follows the rule “take the source, cut details, stitch together whatever is left”. The result - most of the events feel rushed, some of them completely lose sense and weight. Most of ...
When you have accumulated enough experience or watched enough anime, you begin to see a pattern where most season will often have their share of anime so that every part of the demographic is fulfilled. Casuals and action fanatics got their meal with the 2nd course of Jujutsu Kaisen S2, fans of heartfelt drama are present with the all-new Sousou no Frieren and The Apothecary Diaries. And then you have your usual palette of romance, varying in quality though since everyone has their schtick on it. Naturally, there will be various types of anime to provide to any anime fans, even fans of run-of-the-mill romances. ...
Second chances are typically so rare in the entertainment industry. This is only natural considering that creative writers are always bidding for the favor of the audience, so massive flops generally turn into IP suicide as audiences are quick to fuck off to the next big thing. However, a rare second chance is precisely why you and I are watching the third season of Shield Hero, and at the end of it all, I can genuinely say that this series thoroughly squandered this opportunity to correct the absolute stinker of the second season.. . I’m not even going to pretend that this season is downright ...
Isayama sabotaged Attack on Titan's story with predeterminism, there's not much else to say. The conclusion fails at being conclusive in pretty much every aspect except for the themes and message I guess, the rest is either unsatisfying, flawed, rushed, lazy or predictable. If I only cared so much about the themes and the message, I would be reading La Fontaine's Fables instead.. The ending is “good enough”. I expected better than “good enough” for a series of such quality.. . In the end, I guess I was stupid to become so passionate about AoT, to theorize for years, and even more stupid to hope for an ...
Initially, I did found the premise cute but as someone who has her own cat, it didn't take too long for me to be pissed off at the storyline.. . I hated every single character in this anime. EVERY. SINGLE. ONE. Save for the cat. However, if there's anyone who takes the cake, it'd be the other main character, Saku, the cat owner. She is SO irresponsible that I cringe at any scene of the cat picking up BASIC HUMAN SKILLS because his owner is so incompetent they'll literally die if he didn't pick up the slack. I mean, she literally lives in a dump.. . One thing ...
I walked into the cinema not knowing a single thing about The Boy and the Heron.. . And I walked out still not knowing anything. Nothing about the plot, the characters and what they represented, especially the rather 'Okay, I guess that's it,' ending and, in particular, what Miyazaki was getting at, what he aimed to actually achieve with this movie. You can't just come out of a 10 year long pseudo-hiatus and decide to come back out swinging with a nearly 3 hour experience with literally nothing to tell. Yet, for some reason, that's exactly what happened. Walked out with absolutely no clue what the hell ...
I can't understand what people finds great about the show, it isn't even a good mecha anime let alone a good show.. . Anyone who says it isn't mecha because "characters are more important than the robots!" I have a list of shows that you can thrust in your ass to find actual good series:. . Getter Robo, Mazinger Z, Linebarrels of Iron, Mobile Suit Gundam IBO/WfM/Turn A/00/Wing/G, Code Geass, The King of Braves GaoGaiGar, Majestic Prince, SSSS Gridman/Dynazenon, Gun X Sword, Star Driver, Aim to the Top Gunbuster/Diebuster, Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann, Neon Genesis Evangelion, Promare, Break Blade, Overman King Gainer, Space Runaway Ideon, Eureka Seven, Dai-Guard, ...
Goblin Slayer: Goblin's Crown is garbage. I enjoyed season 1, but this was a movie, right? Where is the movie quality? The animation is the same, the story is even worse than season 1. Goblin Slayer seems less of a bad ass than season 1, and the characters are less relevant than even in the first season. This is just a complete downgrade from season 1, and really does not motivate me to watch season 2. This is a waste of everyone's time. Zero passion in your work results in garbage like this.. . Animation 7/10. - Solid animation, but ...
This is one of the worst Animes I watched.. There are Animes you directly drop because it is basically unwatchable, this Anime is just weird.. I searched for some reasoning behind the actions and emotions of the characters but did not find anything.. The characters are annoying and have 0 personality. They are all bad humans and there is no one you can really root for. No development of any character.. The sound recording quality sounds very poor.... Im a IT person and their way of putting in VR and AI triggered me a little. It feels like they slapped AI on the Anime just to ...
Do not ever watch this if you liked hack//sign. Unfortunately /sign was the only one in it's kind, and continations or spin-offs or whatever else has nothing to do with it, though the problem with this one i wouldn't like it even if i haven't watched /sign.. So soundtrack is really dull, voices meh. Story is very sloooow and uninteresting, as well as the characters: main male protaganist - there is absolutely nothing to say about him except he lusts for her sister, his sister - whatever and both of them are basically generic middle school kids, chibi girl that likes rare items, werewulf woman - ...
Title: Seiken Gakuin no Makentsukai: The Reincarnated Demon King. . Rating: 5/10. . Summary: In a world where humanity is on the brink of extinction by Voids, the Demon King Leonis is reincarnated into the body of a ten-year-old boy. Determined to protect humanity and reunite with the goddess, Leonis enrolls in Excalibur Academy, a school that trains students to fight against the Voids.. . Review: Seiken Gakuin no Makentsukai is an isekai fantasy series that, unfortunately, fails to meet expectations. Despite having an intriguing or mildly curious premise, the execution of the story is simple and, in many cases, boring. The protagonist, Leonis, is a one-dimensional character lacking depth and ...
Ojou to Banken-Kun is one of the most disappointing anime I’ve seen in a long time. Not because of its “problematic” subject matter, but because of its execution and horrendous production quality. What I initially listed as one of my top 10 most anticipated shows of the season, ended up as one of the worst. What went wrong?. . I’ll start by saying I have zero issue with the controversial subject matter of this story. I’m able to separate fiction from reality and enjoy stories for why they are, entertainment. In fact, I love a good taboo love story. The issue with Ojou to Banken-Kun is ...
I used to love Yami Shibai. The first seasons had well made stories and some of them gave me quite a positive impression. But this season only confirmed to me something I've been considering about the late seasons of this series: they no longer have any creativity. I couldn't find a single episode scary or interesting. They are all either non-sensical, boring or just straight up stupid. There's almost no compelling atmosphere, the stories seem unfinished and the suspense is so poorly written that I caught myself rolling my eyes in frustration at the end of every episode, thinking "When will we have a good ...
I don't often write reviews as I like to just enjoy and appreciate what I'm watching, but this anime was a complete waste of time. Not to sound immature but with the fantasy RPG setting, the massive franchise it spawned, and the flashy upbeat opening, I thought this was gonna be some grand, action-packed epic adventure. It was not. It's 26 episodes of everyone just moping and talking. Not that talking's bad, but where did any of these conversations go? Absolutely nowhere. I don't care about any of these characters. They're so dull and flat. The main character whose name I never remember even while ...
I was really looking forward to this anime in its second season, but this really disappointed me in the second season, there are too many minuses and it's hard to understand here.. . The first thing at the beginning of the episode was suddenly being on the battlefield like that and without any explanation at all, to be honest I was very confused, what was actually going on in this story? there is only a brief preview of the previous season and does not give the audience the information they need at all.. . The show just massacred, yes, even though in the first season massacres were normal, ...
A Girl & Her Guard Dog - a case of deja vu from an author who struggles to stand out amongst many similar contemporaries, such that it forces his/her hand to create a derivative that, ironically, becomes so derided from its small community. And don't get me started on the appalling production values just yet.. . Meet a mangaka who goes by the pseudonym name Hatsuharu. The context in which the author's works since 2013 have been growing from oneshots to small manga series serving the Shoujo market in the romance genre. But as you know, the romance genre is one of the most popular yet oversaturated ...
This having a 9, and being #11 is MINDBLOWING.. It is such a massive step down from season 1 and 2— 2 which was already a massive step down from 1.. . There is quite literally, no point to this season. Much like with Komi Season 2, the main premise of the show, does not exist.. . All of the time is spent on NOTHING. We move along plot points that are ultimately irrelevant to the main characters. The season is filler— and not the good kind. The first half of the season is nigh inconsequential, and latter half (I use half lightly, more like, last 3ish ...
After an amazing experience in season 2, everyone have high hopes on season 3, hoping it will be another banger.. Turns out, this is a horrible season - worse than the ONA aired on April or even season 1.. What went wrong?. . In a nutshell:. . 1. Using up a lot of new character's time for old characters. -Before: New season, new characters. - Now: New season, old characters gets lots of screentime. . ...
This anime could have been good, but it isn't. The story is kind of boring; the the only salvation to this anime is the last two episodes and the soundtrack. Everything else is horrible in my opinion.. . The art is 3D. So is the animation. So it's bad. So scoring 2/10.. . The characters... The background characters don't have faces. They couldn't be bothered to do the faces. That's why I scored low. And the character development? Is mediocre. However, it is kind of unique.. . It was a boring watch. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Not even to my worst enemy.
I had no idea this was originally a manwha, I learned that about a second ago when eyeballing the other reviews. It doesn't really change anything. This show is garbage.. . Why is this so slow? The pacing is awful, there are too many still pictures etc.. . The character designs on this are all corny, cliche, stereotypical shit. Of course the tsundere is a small petite pigtailed girl with no charm to her. And of course the 'beautiful' characters are all calm and collected and silent and mysterious with no facial expressions.. . The animation is clunkiest I've seen in a while. Really takes you out in ...
Kamierabi is like Mirai Nikki if it was boring, looked like Ajin and had none of the charm.. . Kamierabi is pretentious all the way through, the art-style, the character design, the writing and the plot - NONE of it is ever developed within these 12 episodes, the anime makes heavy use of flashbacks to go through characters' backstories but it never actually shows more than "he was normal until he wasn't" and sometimes not even that little is given, outside of flashbacks development is never carried out at all.. . The art style is atrocious, I don't mean that as in "CGI is le bad" I've watched very ...
Honestly, this anime has been one of the most disappointing I've seen this year. What started out as a promising story that seemed to be a yuri fantasy slice of life turned out to be a hodgepodge of ideas that in the end lead to nothing, as it is a headless story that doesn't exactly know what it wants to be. In some chapters it pretends to be an ecchi comedy (when in reality it is not of the comedy genre), in others it gets "dark" and edgy and in others it seems it wants to emulate Shonen by giving the protagonist power-ups that come ...
Ah, Hametsu no Oukoku aimed to plunge into darkness akin to revered series like Berserk or Goblin Slayer, but alas, it fumbled in reaching that profound depth. Its efforts to orchestrate grand battles akin to JujuKaisen also fizzled, failing to etch a lasting impression.. . Focusing on a boy driven by vengeance against humanity for the loss of his witch mentor, the series ventured down a dark path. It spared no detail in depicting the graphic and gory aspects, emphasizing the protagonist's unyielding pursuit.. . However, the execution often felt overstated, teetering precariously toward slapstick comedy. This incongruity muddled the intended gravity, creating hurdles to truly engage with the ...
This review has been done with the context of its time and will be prefaced with the inclusion of details and information that is much needed for the reasoning behind the score. For context, Bushiroad is the company behind both Cardfight!! Vanguard and Bang Dream and will be referred throughout the review process. This show [Bermuda Triangle: Colorful Pastrale] showcases the process of creative burnout in Cardfight!! Vanguard, a sort of filler series that was designed to hold out what was the disaster of the released booster set in the Cardfight!! Vanguard trading card game.. . First off, the animation quality is what I would expect ...
Kizuna no Allele - When the show's name betrays its actual premise by not featuring its titular character.. . My message for Season 2 is simple: Why are you still here? As if the necessity of Japan's need for Vtubers is massive, the only thing that can take this spirit away...is by coming up with something that is completely irrelevant to the source material. And look at what we got: the story of Vtubers becoming idols like said popular Vtuber, which is the most basic of ideas executed to ensure that the materials bombs as hard as it can get. This is Kizuna no Allele for you: ...
Despite probably being one of the least hyped anime in history, I really wanted to watch Bullbuster as soon as I read its premise, because it was about mecha, and because it sounded really retro, immediately making me smile. Unfortunately, besides the meme initial reaction it caused because of the combination of its name and studio, the one behind Deca-Dence, and the second reason why I wanted to watch this, its reception was almost completely negative since the very first episode based on its elements alone, which is sad because it proves that shows like Patlabor or Dai-Guard would be very negatively received today on ...
This season is a massive downgrade from the first season. I tolerated the degeneracy of last season by just skipping through all of the slop and softcore porn. But I guess the writers realized the people who buy the most merch are the people with the most brain rot, and decided to replace well thought out and at least entertaining fights with porn. Don't get me wrong season 1 wasn't some deep masterpiece, it was entertaining, it had cool fights and cringey but fun lines. This season though lacks any of the self awareness of the last and is entirely just pandering. Really dissapointing.
The last time I complained about this series I said that if this was a parody, it was a terrible one, but after analyzing it and talking to other people I have to come to a simple conclusion, Kage no Jitsuryokusha ni Naritakute! is not a parody, the novel is an actual work that uses isekai tropes in a completely unhinged way, the only reason why you hear the series is a parody is because people read the manga version, which is almost like a parody of the series and get to the conclusion that this series is a parody when it isn’t. Now, does ...
Only one word comes to mind for the concept of this anime: milk. Shuichi is milking his fans with this one. Like most people watching this show, I too am a fan of the Initial D series. Legendary as it may be, even Initial D got tiring to watch towards the end, but was still bearable.. . There are 3 glaring issues with MFG which make it impossible to enjoy.. 1 - The MC - Kanata - is a recycle of Takumi and MFG is a recycle of Initial D.. 2 - The show does not move on from the legacy of Takumi. Even Boruto moved ...
TOP 1 MAL. . I wrote a review at the time of the release of the 15th episode.. . Music. The opening, sound and OSTs are at the highest level here, it is definitely pleasant to listen to.. . Graphics. Everything is the same here, super beautiful anime that is cool to watch.. . Plot. A typical walking-type anime like Dororo 2019 was, the characters go somewhere every episode, do something with some new characters there, and nothing much happens. Absolute boredom. It is simply impossible to watch this anime NOT on 1.5x or in the background while doing some businesses. At the time of the 15th episode (more than 50% of the ...
This racing-themed anime in 2023, I'm really looking forward to this anime, because I'm bored with anime with Isekai themes or similar.. . But unfortunately when I saw each of the characters, I was very disappointed, especially for the characters named Harunaga and Komaki It makes me disgusted to see him, starting from his style of speaking and body movements that resemble a woman.. This also applies to other characters, like Asahina whose style is cool, and there are many more characters that make me lazy to watch.. . More or less like that, I can't express much about this anime, so I decided to Mix feelings for this anime, ...
This review is about all of the Stone Ocean not just Part 3.. . Araki went in a direction where I can't follow him.. . Instead of making new characters likeable he decided to make Stands overcomplicated and call it a day. To the point where anything going on doesn't make any sense to me. "Ora-ora-ora" moments meant nothing in this part because new JoJo is a Mary Sue. There is no chemistry in a new group of characters, they are helping JoJo just because I suppose. Technical part of the series don't raise any questions - David Productions knows their stuff.. . I'm very disappointed with this part of the ...
Probably one of the most overpraised shows in recent times. As someone who struggled with social anxiety and loved K-ON! when I was younger, I thought this would be right up my alley, but I was left disappointed.. . Its biggest problem is that it’s not very funny. The four girls seem to keep each other at an arm’s length, or at least farther away than in other similar shows. While this makes their relationship more realistic (considering most of them just met), the characters simply don’t have the chemistry that you’ve come to expect from other moe comedies. After a few episodes, the show runs out ...
Sometimes when you have a complete dud of a series, it can be hard to know where things went wrong. Not so in the case of Helck, where there is one simple, glaringly obvious problem lit up in neon lights that makes the rest of it unsalvageable. Namely, it looks ugly as sin.. . Modern Satelight is depressing for many reasons, but this effort on Helck has to stand as one of the studio's lowlights in its 20 some years of production. The character designs are poor, the animation is stiff in the best of times, but rarely deviates from its baseline level of "hideous". The action ...
Kiki is a witch only because she hallucinates talking to her cat and flying 11,300 metres in altitude; in other words, she gets high. Her mother appears to be more of a self-taught pharmaceutical scientist who is probably also an anti-vaxxer as well as someone who believes in free-range parenting, rather than a witch.. . We are told about so-called “training” that Kiki will undergo, but we get nothing of the sort. The first nice boy she meets in an unfamiliar city, she decides to hate for unknown reasons. Perhaps it was her insecurity stemming from the lack of interaction with boys, or otherwise (more likely) ...
This show started off well enough. It presented itself as a comedy series with an OP protagonist, which has been done before, but had a few interesting facets including a lot of “why” to answer, particularly when it came to worldbuilding an character motivations. Especially considering how manga fans were singing its praises, I was expecting to see something interesting in at least one of these.. . To put it simply, the worldbuilding is basic with only a few glimmers of something more, and the character motivations range from extremely basic to enigmatic with only a couple of characters breaking the mould.. . That being said, it didn’t have ...
Plot. Just a middle-aged "gamer" guy playing a new VRMMO daily. Its mostly him whining that he wants to play alone, but still smh getting caught up in all kind of crazy situations making him the center of attention.. . The Game:. The MMO is really futuristic. We are talking about people smelling, eating in-game food. The NPCs are also very advanced, making them feel like almost real characters. For example, the game allows people to have pets. But if the owners do not treat the pets nicely, the pets will refuse to cooperate with the owner. It even has kingdoms of different races, with their own politics going ...
The continuation of the "otome game" styled isekai in which an adult woman has been plucked from current day Japan and put in a 15-1600's European renaissance styled fantasy world with a bit of magic and monsters in it. Our protagonist is a 'saint' with holy powers and is by her own words, surrounded by gorgeous men on all sides.. . I think the best best description of it is "flaccid". It's nothing special, it raises several interesting plot questions and then resolves them in unsatisfying ways with no sense of flair.. The main drive of the story is the love interest between our main character and ...
I read the manga for the prequel and went in happy to watch the sequel, which hasn't been translated. But nothing happens. By the time the recap and opening are over, 4-5 minutes have already passed. The pacing is criminally slow on top of that, it took like 10 minutes to cut a piece of rubble with a saw. The anime stretches the content out ridiculously and by the time the episode is over you feel like barely anything happened. Art and animation are on the weaker side, soundtrack is mid, characters get old very quick. Not worth the time.
The anime started fine at first but as it progressed it lost its charm. Moreover it was more there is food in front why not get em without struggle. Also the story doesn’t make any sense. It’s like the story doesn’t exist. I was excited after watching the trailer but it dissipated quickly after watching 5 episodes. I liked the opening and ending song by the way. Overall I won’t recommend someone to watch unless they want waste time. It could’ve been better if the author focused more on story instead of power. After watching the whole it felt like it was written on a ...
Helck - The simple story of a man seeking solace...towards the demons, just because he hates his own humanity? It's more complex and convoluted than you think.. . On the outset, mangaka Nanaki Nanao's first amateur series, which was serialised through Shogakukan's Ura Sunday and spans 12 volumes from May 2014 to December 2017, certainly looked like a promising series about its central MC in the typical fantasy world of finding successors to continue the never-ending war between humanity and demons. Even if the manga felt almost as dated as it is with Satelight's anime adaptation under director Tatsuo Sato, in which this show ironically falls under ...
Never thought I’d see a so called “Slice of Life Isekai” be so bad. This animes only redeeming quality would be the character Queen, everyone else is generic AF and the show made the supposed heroine a Bokke character. Main character wanted to have an easy life that when he triggers an event, he complains and whines about it so much it’s insane.. . I will now compare this Anime to other SOL Isekai and explain why it lacks a redeeming quality. . Slime Taoshite 300-nen, Shiranai Uchi ni Level Max ni Nattemashita - Main character also wants a slow life but finds appreciation on the changes on ...
Pretty unsatisfying ending... Thought itd have a conclusion but it didnt. I liked Taylor and thats about it. I wish they showed Beatrice more but they didnt. . . Is the story unique? If it was predictable, did you enjoy it anyway because you like this genre/set-up?. It was very predictable, I enjoyed it till it got super fucking boring. Wish they explored the plot more. . Do you think the art style is fitting for the story?. Yeah, the style was nice but the animation wasnt eye catching. . Were the characters well-rounded? Did they have flaws and strengths, or were they unusually strong/smart/stupid?. ...
Edgy Show #2. . There was a weak-ass MC in a world where skills are as essential as your life and has a weak-ass skill, only to be discovered through killing. Yep, this man didn't kill a single being since he got that. Afterward, he immediately got OP--I mean, he got to train with his sword to get OP.. . Add a black sword and outfit with an Alice-look-a-like, and we get an official Kirito 2.0. And by Alice, I mean Roxy, who was just as oblivious as her when they were high-ranking knights.. . The problems in the show were obvious:. - The MC was retarded and dumb. - Villians are ...
It's eminently watchable thanks to the comedy not good enough to make you laugh.. The political revelations are sometimes pretty satisfying when they're made.. But generally the characters are fools that luck their way to success or failure.. Even without that the plot is riddled with illogical details that pull me out of things.. . Ultimately all this show does well is consume time without friction.. There's nothing here that's coherent enough to serve as a merit for this show.. The production values are barebones too, as you'd expect of Silver Link.. I'd probably recommend the manga for a series like this (not that I've read it).
"Edgy" Show #1. . Lame Shota MC. Lame Onee-sans. Lame Ripoff Shadow Dog from JJK. . This is one of some edgy shows this season and has to be the lamest. And by "edgy", I mean a lame attempt to make the MC look cool while getting fanservice through tits and closeups.. . It's pathetic to see an incompetent Maou-sama, staying low only to start caring for his enemies, while simultaneously looking for ways to conquer the world, yet getting restrained by a naked woman.. . ...
This is one of the worst anime I've seen in my entire life. Had I been able to follow the three episode rule, I would have dropped this faster than a girl in an NTR manga drops her virtue. Japanese animation meets Western tropes was a massive mistake and this is the triumphant example.. . Let's get this out of the way: I had to watch the whole thing because it was a group watch, and the group was morbidly curious to see how this awful trainwreck would go. The strongest praise was "it was ok" while about 3/4s of the group joined me in various levels ...
If you look up the source material for this drek, you’ll see something that has become increasingly familiar in this Post Modern trash heap of a world we live in. A manga, or “Light novel” that looks suspiciously like every other light novel coming out these days. It’s a bunch of random-character-generator waifus created in a program like Manga Studio, with generic faces made by the program, dressed up in outfits that were picked from the program, colored by swatches in the program, arranged into manga panels with the program, by an author who probably couldn’t draw a stick figure if you asked him to. ...
To be quite frank, I never thought that I would actually leave a review for anything on this site, using it mainly just for informational purposes. However, after completing this show, I feel compelled to leave a review for it in an attempt to ward off anyone thinking it might be worthwhile to watch.. . It isn't. At all.. . It starts off mediocre and...fine. Unoffensive but lame.. . However, by the time the show ends, we have been subjected to the main character (called "Earth", in the game which serves as the shows main setting) being an absolutely unlikable mean-spirited jerk for almost the entire latter part of the show. ...
Ah yes, here we are again... I'm having cold sweats and acute onset depression just from watching a show. I didn't think they could make it worse from the first.. but alas. Now I recognize that I most definitely aren't the target audience for this show, as I have morals. Idk what else to say.. . The art style in the show was fine for the first two episodes, but as degenerate as this show is, so did the quality degenerate as well. the sound and voice acting is surprisingly good for a "show" of this quality, but hey what people wouldn't do for money I guess.. The ...
MF Ghost is the most garbage seasonal anime of Fall 2023 and a disservice to not only the anime that came before it, but racing in general. Here's why:. . The worldbuilding is as shallow as it gets. If the narrator didn't tell you that the automotive industry went fully electric and self-driving at episode 1 you wouldn't have guessed it. The author makes no conscious effort to remind you of that fact, and it gets forgotten the moment that it is mentioned. You might as well consider the setting as basically mid-late 2010s Japan because that's basically all there is to it. I find it ...
I think it’s safe to say that as time has passed, anime has gotten much, much more advanced, becoming more capable in all aspects than ever before. We’re getting some serious level-ups here in visual effects, in music, in animation handling quality, in everything you can think of. I mean, look at the Monogatari series. Sure, it’s quite old at this point (the first anime, Bakemonogatari, aired in 2009), but you can really see that studio Shaft killed it with displaying Akiyuki Shinbou’s creativity in the visual effects, worked a stellar job on the animation handling using clever techniques, and the music was, well, certainly ...
Berserk of Gluttony — this ain't your usual late Kentaro Miura's Berserk levels of violence and gore. It's just another one of those LN titles that just screams generic edgelord levels of "zero to hero" predictable redemption arcs for the oppressed.. . Written by novelist Ichika Isshiki, Boushoku no Berserk a.k.a Berserk of Gluttony is yet another dark fantasy Syosetu-turned-LN series that you've most likely caught by perchance of something interesting, but what it (and now the anime adaptation) amounts to is basically a revenge story in the sea of yet another similar one this season (see Hametsu no Oukoku a.k.a The Kingdoms of Ruin) that likes ...
The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy — the definition of the LN BS trope done a thousand times and more, which sounds different, but honestly looks no different from many of its contemporaries.. . For the record, novelist Yuu Shimizu is one of those authors that you don't know much about. That is unless, you've read or even seen Seireitsukai no Blade Dance a.k.a Blade Dance of the Elementalers, which got TNK's anime adaptation almost a decade ago in Summer 2014, which to me is one hell of a guilty pleasure of a source material when both the school and harem genres were a riot back ...
A Playthrough of a Certain Dude's VRMMO Life - What's this, a "Let's Play" playthrough of somebody who has clearly never played a MMORPG in real life who yet manages to chock up 10 years of this seemingly "ambitious" BS fantasy work? That's quite the sus motive.. . Yes, you heard me right. Novelist Shiina Howahowa started this work as a Syosetu title in January 2013, at the time when Reki Kawahara's Sword Art Online was taking off on its massive popularity, serving as the revival of the Isekai MMORPG genres, spawning works turned into anime, like Mamare Touno's Log Horizon. But you'd have to be a ...
Seiken is a tricky one for me to evaluate. On one hand, I’m a sucker for rather generic fantasy settings with hot girls, on the other hand I can’t help but feel like this was a let down. Somewhat promising post apocalyptic setting that really didn’t get explored much, lacklustre side characters and some bad animation. While I overall enjoyed it, I wouldn’t call this a must watch.. . I’ve known about this series for a few years now and hadn’t read the LNs because readers told me the story was generic and boring after the first volume or so. For fantasy LN readers, who normally have ...
These three short ads combined are about a minute of watch time meaning it's not worth reading a review about and you're better off just watching the animations and seeing whether you like them.. . Personally I can't recommend watching them. The animation is the same quality as the movie with added water bottles. The music is the same quality as the movie and the voice acting is the same quality of the movie with added drinking sounds.. . The reason why watching the ads is useless is that there's literally no story and the characters don't even seem to be talking about the products. Also even ...
As a fan of the First season, this season was bad for simple reason. . The pacing and repeating the same scene for more than one time. They wanted to make mystery by not showing enough information. but it would be good to do it once or twice, not repeating throughout whole season. The actual plot of the season was ok,not bad except one event. Because of this, the mystery was so obvious that someone can predict easily. . Another thing. The hook or cliffhanger was so amazing in the end of first season and I couldn't wait for this season but the hook of this season's finale was meh (I ...
Upon finishing the last episode of this abomination, although I felt a hulking mass finally lift off my shoulders, my suppressed sense of sickness crept back up and magnified, bile threatening to rise up my throat. Combined with a feeling of existential dread, thinking that perhaps, nihilism isn’t such a bad idea after all.... . We are started off with one of the worst first episodes ever created, containing one of the worst fight scenes in the history of battle shounen anime: a zombie mini-apocalypse puppeteered by a lazy “demon”, it doesn’t get lamer than that. The episode offers absolutely nothing intriguing or compelling to make the ...
Actually, I tried to be neutral and wanted Positive to comment on this anime.. . The beginning of the episode, prologue or whatever, is immediately in a state that is difficult to digest, this is the preview for the end or indeed just a prologue, very confusing.. . The character design and quality are indeed good, I praise this, but this is not just graphic quality but story quality is also needed in an anime.. Honestly, I'm bored with Isekai or fantasy themes like this, they almost have the same story as other anime.. . The weakness in my opinion is the main character, mostly bragging, blah.. blah.. blah... Or something ...
tl;dr - Wait or look for an abridged version and just watch that instead. This is a snooze fest.. . An immediate future sequal to Initial D with new drivers and a bunch of references to the age of Takumi Fujiwara who drove the iconic panda colored Toyota Trueno AE86, also known as the 'hachi-roku' (eight six).. Instead of illegal street racing, things have moved on to a future where combustion engine cars are rare and droven only in the "Emm Effu Gee" (MFG) race, a novel concept in an age of electric motors.. . Filled with super cars, our main protagonist Katagiri Kanata, a mixed Japanese and English ...
Not Berserk.. . If you’ve ever felt slightly self-conscious about the name your parents gave you at birth, feel comfort in the fact that it will never be as hilariously stupid as “Fate Graphite”, the main protagonist of Berserk (not that one) of Gluttony, an anime 100% less generational manga than it’s promotional title font tries to emulate to trick weebs into watching it, and 100% more *sigh* light novel garbage.. . Fate is one of those born with a deadly sin. The sin of Gluttony leaves Fate in a constant state of hunger, always eating but never satiated. It's not until one night when his hunger takes ...
Really sucks story I hope never watched kind of this story type.. . The main character is fucking shit. Side character too was fucking shit. Story really bad. This is dumb shit. . I quite like Z Gundam but ZZ is different story.. . The way story maker put a lot a characters in one places and still keeping Camille was worse ever part.. ...
Ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.. cool ? I guess ?. . I don't know, i didn't really feel anything at all watching this. I got some nostalgia after the first 10 minutes with the soundtrack blasting and the TK opening but this didn't really do anything for me in particular.. . Once again it's one of those situations where they bundle 4-5 regular TV episodes together and sell them as a 'movie' even though the animation/storyboarding/direction are nowhere near movie standards.. . I guess adding some context to S3 is appreciated but this came a little too late and at this point, it just feels like it's Production I.G's way to make some money off ...
I liked the world, and world building. Particularly the concept of forbidden skills and the persecution that comes with it. I can relate to that as a POC who follows non traditional religious beliefs, and persecuted for it. The big issue is Fate is the most over powered MC I have ever seen. Not just his gluttony skill, that's cool, I meant Greed's various forms and powers. It's so ridiculous that I had to check to see if this was based on a video game. None of the characters are likable or memorable save Fate. There isn't much of a story, the action becomes ...
Biggest switch up of the century.. . I was loving this anime when I started it,. The pacing was good, the animation was pretty good, and the concept was cool, but then after the 4th episode or so everything just collapsed. It went from a good anime to the pacing getting thrown way out of line and the animation dropping like crazy.. It started to feel like they were trying to fit a 18-24ish episode plot line into a 12 episode anime which made it appear extremely rushed. Major plot points would be introduced, just for him to defeat/reach said plot point 5 minutes later in the episode. It ...
After completing "Kaguya-sama: Love is War - Ultra Romantic", known also as Kaguya-sama: Love is War Season 3, I decided to drop the series. Not that I didn't like through and through. I thought it was okay. I just ceased to be interested in this show enough to continue watching. And yet, months later, after hearing so many times utterly positive opinions about that one arc featured in the movie this spoiler-free review is about, I decided to pick it up and see for myself. It wasn't a wise decision and I sincerely admit I fell into the trap set up by extremely devoted fans ...
MF Ghost is not a sequel to Initial D. Mostly a fake attempt to draw attention from Initial D fans.. . The anime show can be nice from a general point of view, even if at the limit, mostly because it wants to inherit a lot of things from Initial D, mostly because it't the same writer and because money and studios need to make them, but, there are ton's of missing spots and problems, that if not present or better managed, would make this anime a very good one and a real sequel to Initial D.. . Few points:. . - The MFG trial is a good idea, ...
Here I am. Sitting dumb founded in the middle of the night trying to figure out the best way to describe this contender for the worst humor I've seen in anime until this point. To add insult to injury MAL is forcing me to watch another episode so I could write this review.. . In this headache-inducing wet garbage authors thought it would be a great idea for every single character to start screaming on top of their lungs every other shot and someone getting hurt. Yes, this is what they consider to be humorous. Mixed with these constant screams, which would make medieval dungeon sound like ...
I'll be short. This isn't a racing anime. There is no motosport or racing moment.. . This anime is categorized as Racing Anime, but there is no race in this story, the point is: someone that generally want to watch a racing anime, is because he/she is a car lover, and want to see real or fantasy racing, depend on the theme of the anime, but generally want to hear stuff related to motosport, engine or driving technique and skill. Take Initial D for example, for sure there is love and other things involve, to create more emphasis, but 9 episodes on 10, are people racing on ...
SHY. A story about heroes, flawed heroes, fighing to save humanity.... . Truthfully, the series will hit people differently as the heroes and villains have all gone through different tough life events. The series does have some rather good character development and story depth, but surpisingly, the best and most dramatic parts were given to the "villains". Because of this, one finds themselves siding with them and being annoyed and betrayed by the storytelling in the series as it uses silly gimics and the assption that you side with the heroes throughout the series. And that there sadly is a definition of ...
Man where should I begin?. I'll start by saying that this is just the second Ghibli movie I have seen and the first one - Howl's Moving Castle I did end up enjoying.. I had no expectations for The Boy and The Heron. I knew that the animation is going to be great and the soundtrack above average. Sadly that's where the good things end.. The story is there and I'll admit that the setup started well enough, but it didn't want to end. There were new things that were constantly being introduced, but there just isn't enough time for all of them to be explored or ...
TLDR: Save yourself the time and just stick with the original Initial D. . MF Ghost is an Initial D copy with all personality and charm stripped off. The anime tries to score nostalgia points and that's all it has. The cast are carbon copies of the original cast, but have nothing interesting going on. There is no real interaction with any of the other racers. The races themselves have 0 stakes and just sort of happen.. . This show only seems to exists to gouge if there's enough interest to milk the IP. That's honestly the only reason I can think off why this exists.
I'm not going to waste your time and simply say that I do not recommend this show.. . First of all, the animation/art is terrible. It starts fine, but eventually, you can tell that the studio either ran out of budget or is not prioritizing this show. The faces of the characters by the end of the show are distorted, pixelated, or drawn like blobs. The art in the opening and ending songs is so much cuter than the actual show.. . Secondly, the sound/audio is ass. There's nothing wrong with the opening and ending songs, and there are no OSTs within the episodes so there's nothing to ...
Full on disclosure, this is probably the worst Isekai I've watched. Like seriously.. . I mean, I hated almost every concept of ...😤. . First of all, what's with the character names. Was it really necessary to name them basing on foods just to relate with the story. WTF is Lord Casserole 🤦🏾.. . Is this story about food or about war. Just the way they mix the story makes me sick. When I started watching this I expected an plot where the main person brings new food while exploring the new world. How are children even allowed to fight!!!. . I dropped the anime since I didn't feel the need to watch ...
MF Ghost - the long-awaited sequel to AniManga's God-tier racing series of all time: Initial D. The one BIG problem: it just doesn't feel like a successor at all.. . Let me put this disclaimer: I am a HUGE fan of legendary mangaka Shuichi Shigeno's Initial D; it was one of the late 90s anime that I used to have the DVD collection to throughout its many stages from First Stage in 1998 to Final Stage in 2014; the manga's humble start in 1995 all the way to 2013; plus even all (or most) of the incredible OSTs of its many seasons, spearheaded by the one thing ...
I never thought that an anime would drop in episode 9 very close to the end. But it doesn't work anymore. The premise is cool and yes, in a certain way innovative, but it reaches a point where there are only doubts and more doubts regarding the story, and the drama of the poor heroine starts to become duller with each episode, showing that this series is going to be really long in terms of seasons and full of uncertainties.. The only positive point I took from this anime was understanding that I have matured to the point of understanding that time is something precious and ...
Lycoris Recoil is an anime that asks an important question: What if instead the reason why Japan is so safe were because of an anime girl defense force that kills targets in secret before they do anything wrong. It then turns into a buddy-cop story line between Takina, a hard boiled Lycoris agent who does not play by the rules, and Chisato a seemingly carefree agent who refuses to kill her targets.. . I wanted to like this show a lot more than I actually did. I really like shows with Cute Anime Girls doing pretty much anything, and Chisato and Takina's opposites attract friendship is really ...
Oh, MAPPA chose this series as their new face? What a misfire. This series primarily caters to an audience that doesn't like "shonen anime" anymore and when I refer to "shonen anime," I mean the elements that have defined it, such as the tropes, the motivations, intricate story arcs, innovative use of the medium, captivating art styles, well-developed characters, and the ability to craft breathtaking scenes unique to this medium.. . However, this particular story seems exclusively designed to mock those very elements. It's hardly surprising that the manga's sales have declined; it caters to a limited audience of supposed "fans" who dislike the essence of ...
this is plain rape hentai, which is not a problem. the real gripe is that there are way better ones and this just fails to deliver. author tries too hard to justify mc actions and villains are too cartoonish.. . after all the torture and being raped, mc just wipes off the abuser's memories. like what? they did all that crap to him and he just wipes it off their mind?. . idk why this blew up that hard. plot distracts from the ecchi action instead of adding to it and vice versa. there's no coherency to the anime.. . if you just wanna fap, there's bazillion hentai, ...
I'm fed up with this, MC has no stance and is easily influenced by the talk of the mutsuki.does the MC not understand his sister who is afraid of losing your attention, and why do I see his sister like seeing a siscon?. For the quality in the game, it is very bad even though SAO is better, if outside the game, it's still ok tp when playing games like stiff.for the storyline it looks like this anime can't have romance because the mba nozomi is made like a mother who loves the guy lol.. For those who want to watch it, it is recommended not ...
What a mess. My initial review was suggesting people should give it a shot as I had mixed feelings about it. Well, some episodes passed and all doubt I had has been dispelled and now I can say with confidence to avoid this show. Watching it was as annoying and as painful as biting your cheek while eating gummy bears, but instead of tasty jelly you are chewing on mud mixed with horse manure and gravel.. . It started very mediocre. Same old story, same old protagonist and same dreaded school setting with competition right around the corner and same old tensions between entitled/humble students. Some other ...
~~ A HellBent Half Arsed Review™ ~~. Overall Rating: 2/10. Okay, let me preface this review by saying that I have no idea wtf I just watched. It's really, really hard to review what essentially amounts to a 40 minute coked up fever dream but I'll give it my best (and also this is a revision much later so idk how trustworthy past me is, but I'm not rewatching it). ----- Reason for watching? -----. Gigguk innit. ----- Reason for finishing? -----. Morbid curiosity.. ------- Story: 1/10 -------. What story, har har. Seriously though, jokes aside, I genuinely have no idea what happened. There's a very simple premise that's kinda cool, then ...
Average at best so unless you are REALLY desperate for something to watch, don't bother.. . + good animation, especially the fight scenes. + good VA choices. It carries the whole anime. + pretty cool eye colours. . - Plot like a swiss cheese. Really really low effort story in my opinion and it drags a lot.. - Really pathetic and cringe MC. Cries a lot and unless he uses his power he is just painful to watch to be honest.. - Power feels like a Dragon Ball rip off?? From the hair style to the animation.. - boring. So damn basic overall. It is very predicatble and even for this genre, it's nothing ...
Streamlined & Slow.. What I mean here is that the show's source material is seemingly barely used and the show is artificially slowed down.. . The production studio is like this: (shows my complaint). "Backstory for why these nobles actually dislike commoners?? Nah, that's just extra time and effort we have to put into the story. Hmm, but we still have to get multiple seasons out of it for revenue.... Eh.. Whatever, most people probably won't read the Manhwa anyways.". . Lots of content hasn't shown up from the Manhwa for this anime, it skips lots of plot points that would be typically displayed, that would otherwise assist the plot. ...
Honestly, it's terrifying to see how many people rated this anime higher than a 4. MC is a pedophile with no redeeming qualities or anything enjoyable to carry you through the journey with him, and it's obvious the writers have no clue how to write female characters. NOT "one of the better isekai" and it killed me to see the pedophile "protagonist" brought in enough money for a second season when so many other anime are 10s if you compared them solely to Jobless Reincarnation. I'd easily recommend Isekai Yakkyoku, Mondaiji-tachi ga Isekai kara Kuru Sou desu yo?, Kenja no Mago, Arifureta (more isekai satire ...
I guess it's my fault to have a pretty high expectations coming from season 1. especially after experiencing such nice stories about character like Parona, March, Gugu, and Pioran.. . Although some parts in season 1 have weak elements for me like The Beholder. constantly explaining things everytime he appears and The Nokkers coming out of nowhere. just to be a problem the characters need to deal with.. But regardless I still like this series enough to see where it goes.. . Then going to season 2, I like at the start when it shows how depressed and struggled Fushi after. having many people he cares dies before him ...
The Story was less than average and confusing we spend 5+ episodes still learning new charcters that hardly matter to the story. . Also the focus on Katie and Nanao is not needed and same could be said for almost all of the charcters its to much to focus on and remember, the main focus should be on Oliver instead of these other background characters who play slight roles in the show. Back to Katie who if couldnt handle the treatment of the magic fauna should have been removed from school and with Nanao who just wants to be unalived. . The there is just points where it cuts from ...
"Rumbling Hearts? Ugh, don't even get me started on that anime. I mean, sure, the animation is decent, but that's about the only thing it's got going for it. Honestly, I can't believe I wasted my time watching it.. . First of all, the story is just a mess. It's like they took every melodramatic cliche in the book and crammed it into a single series. Love triangles, tragic accidents, amnesia—you name it, they've got it. It's like they were trying so hard to be emotional that it became laughable.. . And the characters? Please. I've seen more depth in a puddle. They're so one-dimensional that I couldn't care ...
I've seen the first three episodes so far and this feels very much like an anime for people who have only just started watching anime. The plot is insanely predictable, just going along with the most generic anime thing you can think of for that episode's synopsis. There's a mystery hospital which remains as a "Heaven" for those within. Are they hiding any secrets? It's anime. You decide. Monsters are going around eating people. Even small little details, which I pay very close attention to, add up to something and I won't say which episode so as not to hint you to be looking for ...
Holy, this show is so hard to watch. I get that they want to make a generic sports anime sports character, but this guy is just so hard to watch. I find myself speeding up the cringe and skipping scene. I cannot believe how bad this show is.. . Bro, I know there are some fire scenes in this show so I'll continue watching but I cannot stand when there is no character growth.. . Sports anime are about wish fulfillment and reaching the end goal: becoming a pro, being the best, winning the tournament. I swear, if this show ends up with him being shit I will ...
Normal anime that gets a movie = beautiful movie visuals and post-production. But Psychopass since the first season is going both in quality and entertainment significantly down.. Rather than wasting my time watching this movie, I should have rewatched the first season.. Don't expect anything great from this movie, if other Psychopass movies were enjoyable to you then you will enjoy this one too just slightly less. I would say it's mostly for hardcore fans.. The story is mostly predictable if you watched previous Psychopass movies. That is a big negative at least for me.. If you never watched Psyhopass before watch the first season and then stop it's ...
You know when something's so bad, it becomes kinda good?. . This is THE worst anime I've seen in a long time. Absolutely nothing about is worth praising. Still, I can't look away.. . The story is low-mid. Not good or original, but not completely hopeless. Any hope it might've had was wasted tho.. . I suspect the writing was done by a middle-schooler. It ticks all the cliche trope boxes it can, from character relationships to plot ''twists''. the dialogues have no pacing, the scenes themselves have no pacing to speak of and you can always guess the next thing that is going to happen. Also, the dialogues ...
The only appeals I found in this anime are watching someone spend money without thinking about the cost and the futuristic gadgets.. . My first impression was "It is weird for Husk to be able to do illegal stuff with money" (especially as it happens a lot) but I gave a chance to the anime and after all, why not.. . Unfortunately, there is little to no character development for the main and supporting characters so it's difficult to follow the story, which is okay at first. The two main characters get along after a skip, but it's hard to believe they made up so quickly in one travel ...
Rudy is sad. Sighs a lot. Depressed. Carbon clone of Eris complains to him. Her black surrogate mother says no stop complaining. In this darling introduction, our story begins in earnest. Rudy has a vague goal to look for his mother and the author has a vague goal of reaching Hogwarts but he doesn’t quite know how to get from A to B in a smooth way so he wastes our time with a bunch of overreaching psychological moments that look to be of dramatic importance, judging by all the motion effects and sound effects bleeding into my eardrums. Rudy and his new gang of ...
I don't post reviews for stuff unless there is a reason, unless an anime surprises me with how good it was.. BUT. This is genuinely just straight up bad. I don't understand the motivation for anything that is happening because it's sprinting to the next adhd fueled gore scene. It honestly feels like they took a good anime and cut out all of the plot because it was "filler". I had to check if I missed an episode early on because they went from logical start to like whatever is happening now.. . This is like if you watched a catastrophic event from human history live and still needed ...
If you like tsundere, this is the anime fo you. Though unfortunately for me, i can't handle them especially the violent ones. There is four "main characters", the actual main character is sincere and heartwarming, then there's the other two tsundere character that you can say is "bullying" her. There's also the fourth character that i can only descibe as the side character's +1. I just can't handle the interaction between a sincere character and a tsundere. Well that's all i can say after watching some episodes.. . I wanted to watch this anime because it has the iyashikei genre, but I didn't fell "healed" at all. ...
This show has become a problem that many writers face when they create a world that they want to be deep but find themselves drowning in it. There are too many characters and ALL OF THEM for some reason need 8 trillion hours of back story, so the actual show never fucking goes anywhere. You can take all of this season and compile it into 30 minutes if you cut all the bullshit flashbacks, still shots, and all the other crap. I'm more than pissed off; this is a disgrace to anime; no, to storytelling in general.. . audio? reptetive and even at that nothing great. art/animation? ...
This is a bad anime. Don't get me wrong, it can still be enjoyable. But it's just not good. The plot is interesting, a bit if the good and old japanese magic realism - public servants, yokais, a bit of global folklore references, a hint of pretty boys harem... I'm in!. But bit by bit it all begins to crumble. The artwork is really "cheap", so it's a major turn-down on the long run. The characters feel pretty flat, and the story itself doesn't develop well enough to compensate the lack of eye-candy.. I'll probably watch this through the end though, but just because I ...
Story: The story has great potential because the Japanese culture and folklore are rich. There's so much they could have gone with and would have been way more interesting than what they decided to portray. A positive about this story is the origin of the creation of demons. I think there's a lot of folklore and lessons in this method of demon-making and if they made the characters a bit deeper they would have struck gold.. . Characters: Characters were kind of one-dimensional. There was no reason it was so shallow. We have no idea about any of the character's backgrounds or upbringing and that was a ...
So, I grew up on this series and loved it. Given what we've come to learn of the mangaka behind it, my feelings on the series' legacy aren't quite so nice as they were when I was watching it back in the late 90s, but this was a story I really enjoyed. And so when it was announced that it would be getting a reboot, I was... well, pensive. Reboots don't always work, particularly when you're talking about taking a classic and updating the style, and I always worry that a reboot won't justify its own existence by modifying the plot or finding some new ...
Horimiya causes the sort of boredom that causes people to believe in hell just so they can have something to look forward to. To describe what happens in Horimiya would be like one of those zen koans because watching the show all the way through and not watching it is the exact same thing.. . To find enjoyment in Horimiya would be to find enjoyment in watching paint dry. Characters are bland, flavourless, flat, and uninteresting. The show’s animated by Cloverworks. Like everything Cloverworks touch, it is absolutely hollow. I don’t like wishing ill-will upon anyone, but if Cloverworks were to go bankrupt, I don’t think ...
And the ugliest animation goes to....!. . This looks hideous. Absolutely horrible. The art style itself gives me anxiety and the animation depression. Like seriously I'm getting anxious when watching this.. . The story is weird. Sometimes weirdness works but this is a bit much in my taste. Linear storytelling is boring sometimes but this could have used it a bit more. Also what is wrong with the dialogue? They're trying to implant little snippets of stupid funny banter but I don't get it. Why? Is this a comedy? I guess it is but I don't get this style of comedy. Am I missing something crucial about Japanese ...
Being a massive fan of Junji Ito's manga, i'm terribly sad to be giving this adaptation such a low score. The same exact score as for the 2018 "Collection" unfortunately.. . Horror is quite a peculiar genre, requiring a lot more suspension of disbelief than others and is usually much more effective the more it leaves to the imagination. Which is why it tends to work much better in prose, or graphic novels, where your mind has to fill in a lot more between each sentence or panel with your own personal terrors. This is true for all the greatest horror writers like Poe, Lovecraft, or ...
Just stop after season 1 and you're fine.. . I gave the first season a stellar 10 and here's a 'bad' rating for the second season, a 4, a "less than mid" score. In many ways this is a 1, but... There's a point to what it does, but how it delivers and moves the story along is disastrous.. . It rips everything away that was achieved, replacing it with contrived and frustrating drama that comes off as completely unrealistic.. Worse, it leaves you feeling distrustful of what's going on because the story goes out of its way to disappoint your expectations and almost becomes predictably pessimistic and negative. ...
Being a massive fan of Junji Ito's manga, i'm terribly sad to be giving this adaptation such a low score. The same as for the more recent Netflix Maniac.. . Horror is quite a peculiar genre, requiring a lot more suspension of disbelief than others and is usually much more effective the more it leaves to the imagination. Which is why it tends to work much better in prose, or graphic novels, where your mind has to fill in a lot more between each sentence or panel with your own personal terrors. This is true for all the greatest horror writers like Poe, Lovecraft, or Stephen King, ...
Somehow, Disney manages to make a much better, more serious, and more empathetic version of Cinderella despite having a target audience of kids, a cartoonish art style, and probably less exposition and detail when it comes to Cinderella's suffering.. . As someone who digs revenge plots or feels empathy for a person suffering injustice, I really can't feel much about this show. That's a very low bar that it could not jump over. Somehow, the "antagonists" are trying their hardest to be neutral and apathetic.. . Compared to the over-the-top bullying and subsequent reprehensibility in breaking a promise to bring Cinderella to the ball, I feel more of ...
So, Watching This Anime Was.....Something. . Plot :. This anime follows a pessimist & suicidal teacher, well we don't know ANYTHING about his story so hm. The anime starts with the character "Kafuka Fuura", well. Ik that she is a god or smth like that but like nobody cares abt that , and then she saves the teacher from killing himself or smth like that, if you never read the manga or watched the anime you probably are thinking "hmm, looks like a psychological anime.. erm no. The anime is literally a teacher x student crap bait... like anything abt why the teacher is like that ...
the promised neverland season 1 had GREAT pacing it felt slow and stuttery and tense which fit the series super well. It adapted chapter 1 to chapter 37 in 12 episodes. giving the anime time to pace itself giving it about 3 chapters of the manga per episode. and since each episode was 22 minutes thats around 264 minutes overall meaning 4 and a half hours of watchtime.. meanwhile season 2 adapated the next 144 to get to the end. meaning thats 13 chapters per 1 episode. thats the amount of content of over 4 episodes (a quater of the first season) to just 1 ...
Ok so I was staying in a hotel through work, it was late, I wanted an easy film to watch so I picked this that had been on my list for ages. Setting the music to one side, this film is garbage.. . Firstly, I watched the English dub version, which has songs like Them Bones and Ultra on it. I'm a big fan of AiC and KMFDM so anything that is in that vein for 90s related I'm a sucker for. I won't be saying it's the best I've ever heard, it's just a collection of songs I like put other anime. The music certainly does ...
A little bit of a series retrospective here. I haven't seen Durarara since it came out and would never rewatch it. In my mind, it is one of the original massively overrated series of my childhood, with baffling storytelling and focus problems that ruin everything good about it.. . Let me start with an analogy: imagine JK Rowling creates the world of Harry Potter, filled with wizards, magic, lore, history, a haunted castle, centaurs, giant spiders, elves, soul-stealing dark phantoms, dragons, etc. But as she's writing it she decides, "no Harry Potter is too much a chosen one type and involved with interesting people, secrets, and ...
The animation is its best feature, followed by a solid soundtrack. The story, on the other hand... is bad. The first act where stuff is sort of set up is decent, but then the setup phase just does... not... end. More and more things keep getting introduced and it keeps going and going, and what's crazy is that nearly NONE of it is given time for a rhyme or reason for why it is part of the world much less the story. Or rather, nearly everything is given roughly the same amount of time, which leads to everything being given roughly the same level of ...
I originally gave this a 1 because of how appallingly bad the writing was. I rewatched it and reappraised it to 2 for the simple fact that the animation was that impeccable. It is the only saving grace of this show. Literally every other aspect you can think of, this show does poorly. Pacing is an ADHD-fueled train wreck, backstories are as in depth as a puddle, characters might as well be played by cardboard cut outs due to such bland and generic archetypes, new plot points that seem like they are of any importance immediately just hit dead ends, the plot only exists to ...
This anime does not get better after the first episode. So if you like the first episode, you should keep watching. If you do not, I suggest that you find something else to watch.. . The humor mostly relies on two polar opposites personalities interacting and all the conflicts that occur due to their competing personalities. It also has a lot of references to popular animes, mostly notable a lot of Lupin III, and a lot of 4th wall breaking. The anime is however very quotable, with the most funny parts being individual lines and not the anime as a whole.
Well the (hopefully) last of the FLCL is done. It goes without saying it was unable to live up to the original. While I did like this more than Grunge and maybe more than Alt and Prog it still was not good. This one felt more like it was trying to do its own story while also being a direct sequel to Alternative. I think not having Haruko in this was a good choice as it would have felt very forced, Harumi as a new character and sort of replacement for Haruko's chaotic entry was a good decision. This series still falls flat in terms ...
I've been putting off writing this review for a while because I'm in no rush to waste more time on this disappointment. My expectations were low but god damn. This is easily the worst of the FLCL "sequels". Another idiotic attempt to recapture lightning in a bottle pushed out by people who want to make a quick buck and don't care to or don't understand what made the original series special. For starters the CGI animation is laughable. The character additions and attempts to add on to our preestablished world that FLCL takes place in (if this is even the same world I honestly can't ...
Season 1 is pretty alright, good entertainment if you ignore the gaping flaws re the time travel and how slow the MC is to realise that it's basically just Kisaki Tetta like cmon n how is this boy in a biker gang full of tatted muscly 13 year olds having mass brawls whilst somehow also having some form of pure non-crime related ideology without punching anyone etcetcetc but basically stop there first 3 episodes of s2 make season 1 look like Homer's The Odyssey you will be unable to bear it and you just might explode. . Entirely predictable apart from the bits that make no logical ...
Where shall I even start. . Simple explanations: not recommended, story is more than boring and nothing interesting happens, don't bother watching it.. . At first when I saw it the image looked interesting so i decided to give a shot and see if is good. The animation is similar to Ajin and Ghost in a shell by Netflix but mostly Ajin. I wouldn't even call this anime more like model movement. But I'm not here to talk about the animation its the story that needs to be rewritten.. I mean they had people to write a script. spend money on animation. Testing. See if certain majority likes it and what ...
The first half of Re:Zero Season 1, was excellent. A truly refreshing take in a sea of similar isekai, and one that seemed to hold tremendous promise. The second half of the season is where things started to fall apart for me, and in Season 2 part 1, I just can't take it anymore. This is a long one.. . (Minor S2 Part 1 spoilers below). . Season 1 was, essentially, a waste of time.. . The last 10 or so episodes of season 1 focus on the battle with the White Whale and the witch cultists, in order to save the villagers of the nearby town and the residents of ...
I cannot tell you how horrible this is. I cannot tell you how horrible Pharrell Williams is for making this. *sigh* but I will do the best I can.. . Pharrell Williams... he took the original melody of the song... and just put anything he wanted behind it like it was nothing. A riff in G minor. C7 chords in the chorus. He paid no attention to the original key and it sounds awful.. . The dancing. Why is there dancing to this music? This is supposed to be one of the most emotional Vocaloid pieces of all time, and yet there is Miku doing a dance while the ...
ENG/ESP Review on Oshi no Ko. This review contains minor spoilers.. . ENGLISH:. . To this day I fail to understand how Oshi no Ko not only managed to be crowned as the highest rated anime of all time but also with a peak score of 9.32 and, currently at the time of writing this review, a score of 8.73, ranking 48th of all time; I fail to understand it, as Oshi no Ko fails tremendously in dealing with its central themes. It is impressive how an anime from this very year is already outdated in comparison to an anime that deals with similar themes, such as Perfect Blue, which ...
This is an anime that treads familiar shonen territory, offering a mix of action, magic, and a sprinkle of medieval fantasy. While the series has garnered a substantial fanbase, it's not without its drawbacks.. . Let's start with the protagonist, Meliodas. Now, I get it; every series has its central character with a dark past and a mysterious aura. However, Meliodas takes the cake in the realm of clichéd protagonists. His perverted antics, coupled with a constant display of exaggerated confidence, make him not only cringe-worthy but also annoyingly predictable. The sheer lack of depth in his character makes it challenging to invest in his journey, as ...
Quite frankly, is a colossal insult to the monumental work of art that is Kentaro Miura's "Berserk." Get ready for "Berserk (2016)," a visual atrocity that makes you question the sanity of those responsible for greenlighting this abomination.. . Let's talk animation, or should I say, the unholy CGI that plagues this adaptation. "Berserk (2016)" manages to take one of the most visually stunning and artistically rich manga series and reduce it to the visual equivalent of a dumpster fire. The characters move with all the grace of a PowerPoint presentation, their stiff and unnatural movements robbing the series of the visceral impact that defined Miura's work. ...
Acca 13 is a anime that held my attention though I'm not sure why. Just the atmosphere and slow burn resonated with me. But, alas it doesn't save the bare bone plot that leads to unsatisfactory conclusion.. . Characters will ramble on about cigarettes, bread and politics but nothing ever really happens in this anime. It all seems like its slowly building to an explosive finale but falls flat on its face and then ends. The characters themselves are all lacking in personality. Jean (the MC) is probably the most interesting but he has as much personality as a damp towel. The rest of the cast ...
To be honest "Slam Dunk"quite frankly, doesn't even come close to capturing the brilliance of its source material.. . Let's talk animation, or should I say, the lack of it? "Slam Dunk" somehow manages to make basketball, a sport filled with energy, athleticism, and dynamic movements, look like a game played by wooden dolls. The characters move with all the grace of a sack of potatoes, and the animation lacks the fluidity needed to convey the intensity of the sport. It's as if the animators decided that conveying the excitement of basketball was optional. . The character designs are another disaster. Takeo Inoue's manga gave us memorable, expressive characters ...
Brace yourselves for "The Seven Deadly Sins: Imperial Wrath of the Gods," a season that epitomizes everything wrong with rushed adaptations. This is a series that has managed to turn a promising narrative into a dumpster fire.. . Let's talk about the animation. Or, should I say, the lack of it. "Imperial Wrath of the Gods" takes a nosedive in animation quality that makes even the worst filler episodes look like masterpieces. Character designs become inconsistent, movements lack fluidity, and the action scenes, once a highlight, turn into a slideshow of poorly choreographed static images. It's as if the animators decided to take a coffee break and ...
This movie is bad. If you wanted the quick version, there it is, dont waste your time like this movie wasted mine.. . Why is this movie bad? Well, like a child with an attention deficit, this movie jumps from one thing to the next, switching to random shit when it runs out of ideas, constantly forgets about established characters and plot lines, explains none of its bullshit, and then expects you to do all the work of making sense of it and “discovering” its “deeper meaning.” There isn’t one, so don’t bother looking for it. It just makes a half-assed statement about appreciating who/what you have ...
Cringe "comedy" in a nutshell except there's nothing in there that's even remotely remarkable enough to make you laugh or even giggle. Instead, you get a narcissist and self obsessed male main character (whose name sounds like Kanye; how very fitting), ultra cringe pervy male side characters, sexist/cheesy dialogues, forced vulgar jokes, typical sexually objectified and intellectually challenged female characters, nonsensical/boring/bland plot and storytelling. Basically an anime that'd appeal to low IQ/EQ (male) weebs.. . I couldn't finish the whole thing so you get the gist.. . P.S. Why does one need write an entire PhD thesis as an anime review to be accepted by MAL?
Ugly CGI, bland villains, bland one-dimensional characters, bland story/plot, braindead fights that are decided by Le Strong anime attack, and horrendously loud unfunny anime funnies with characters screeching at each other. So the story sucks, the characters suck, the action sucks, the visuals suck and the humor sucks. I really don't know how this blew up. It is the definition of painfully mid to the fullest extent. The only fight that had some sort of smart outplay and tension was the very first encounter in the forest. The stakes were high, and the matter was urgent, plus Tanjirou thinking fast on how to use the ...
Boring. Cliche. Lame. Ousama Ranking is extremely predictable and has zero stakes involved, a majority of the show are flashbacks where it just drags and drags and bores the viewer with "character development" for characters you don't care about.. . The author failed to tell a coherent story past the first part and it inevitably ends up as a convoluted mess where nothing matters in the end. Every character is as bland as wet toilet paper. The premise of the story gets thrown away halfway through and the idea of "Ranking of Kings" just ends up being an Bojji powercreep journey. . Do not watch this show if ...
Black Rock Shooter, what happened to you?. What used to be a fascinting watch back in the 2010s has been reduced to whatever this is. Uninspired and frankly boring. Couldn't bring myself to finish this failed attempt at bringing back this title, regardless of how interesting the animation may be. It has 0 connection to the previous original title other than the names of the main recurring cast. Truly a shame, this could have been much bigger, much more of a success. I tried going back to it a year later, my opinion hasn't changed. You must be a die-hard fan of this series to ...
Monogatari series were a great example of how to properly adapt a wall of text into degenerative cartoons. While still being "tell, don't show" — like a text — it made up for it with awesome background, awesome music and just the right amount of artsy shit like the slideshow, the camera angles, the architecture of protag's bathroom.. . Kizumonogatari grabs this well-working formula and throws it out of the window. The music is loud and distracting, all the character reactions and actions are theatrical and unnatural, everything's very dragged out, very pretentious and very confusing since the inner monologue is cut completely and only the bare ...
This is a fantasy anime with a familiar and presently popular premise: the protagonist of the story is dismissed by his heroic adventuring party for being more of a liability than an asset. Having been dismissed, the main character feels no obligation now to resolving worldly problems and has instead decided to settle in a quiet town far-removed from most walks of life.. . The premise of the story fails for 2 reasons almost immediately: the setting's hero is the protagonist's sister and never once mentioned her brother being a liability, and the second reason becomes unignorably apparent quickly, and that is that the main character protagonist ...
The premise is from the get-go that a man (older brother, true gamer nerd/enthusiast, recluse but ultimately harmless) wakes up having been turned into what looks like a pre-teen girl by his "mad scientist" sister, via a drug. In her room she has a manual on her desk which deetails how she wants to turn him into her little sister, meaning this is entirely deliberate with an agenda.. . It SOUNDS like this should be a hilarious comedy to give a guy what he deserves in order to appreciate what being a girl or a woman is like, as punishment.. That's not at all what it is. ...
I have no idea what just happened.. This short seems more like a "look how good we can animate" short.. Story... what?. Characters? What characters?. Every description of the anime... what?. There really is nothing to it, and had this been any longer than three minutes, I would of had given up pretty soon. Its music is annoying, if you watch it I suggest you just turn it off. It is the same sound over and over again so after hearing the first five seconds, you have heard the whole song.. Don't watch this, I felt like I could of done better things in the three minutes spent watching this.
The anime was good at first, but it took a turn for the worst in the second season. Expectations were betrayed, and it's filled with some random crap. It could have been better if the author maintained the flow of the first season. When the first episode came out, I was super hyped, but as I progressed, it became bad. The last four episodes were too cramped. The only good thing was the animation quality. The usage of power by Avos delhevia was very disappointing. Also hero canons actions were a disappointment as well. He was so good in the first season.If only it had ...
This hentai is pedo bait, there's no other way to put it. The uniforms worn by the characters are stereotipically those worn by Japanese middle schoolers. There's not even a story to consider, just senseless sex between characters that might as well be nameless, and there's a fair bit of non-consensual acts depicted (without warning from the show, the poster or the synopsis, mind you) despite the supposed excuse for what happens in the story being extreme sex-ed lessons. The art is better than many other hentai and even some random shows. but it's wasted on this ridiculous and pointless show.
This is fantasy anime with a stat system like a JRPG game, replete with inflated levels and bloated attributes, as well as a skill system which everyone in the setting gets a random roll from at birth.. . Erratic pacing, lackluster action sequences, cartoonishly evil characters, MacGuffins, a main character that has a gateway power to become more powerful than anyone else in the setting--all this and time is still made for an awkward romance subplot among all of the other tropes bundled into this. The animation is unremarkable; the show is not visually impressive in any way, shape, or form, nor is it carboard cutouts on ...
This review will be very short and to the point.. . Episode 1 is a catfish. It builds up and ends on a really good cliff hanger. Unfortunately, it is all down hill from there.. The character Iwanaga. The little disabled girl. DOES NOT SHUT UP.. Even later in the series where there is a pretty decent villain the mc is fighting. She is non stop talking. about 94% of the show is pure monologues. The remaining 6% is the OP and Ending music. There is no such thing as observing a scene. She will be talking.. . If you love to be spoken too non stop about every minor detail ...
Baited by car racing. Show turned into BL.. . While there are racing elements, it's minimal, there are multiple episodes you never even see a race car, instead you get listen to the bitching of a photographer. The car parts are not bad, but it's not worth it as the rest is garbage, and unfortunately the non car related episodes are the majority, there are like 3 short races.. . I've tried to give this one a chance but it just keeps missing, I should have dropped it when it was clear they don't want to focus on races.. . The CGI is not bad, but I wouldn't call it ...
If I had to choose between watching this show again or having to survive 10 years alone in Antarctica without food, shelter and clothes, I would not hesitate to choose the latter.. . Despite this being a comedy I failed to laugh ONCE and you will too. I really question the morality of this show too because one of the main characters is a 223 year old witch who looks no older than 12 while her daughter is 16 and acts like she's 12, while serving no real purpose besides providing fan service.. I can let that slide but it's the fact that they keep putting them in ...
Wow, she seems like a sweet, and loving girl. Hope nothing bad happens to her… okay um she’s eating someone. Okay their dead. Okay not sure why she just gorged out that guys eye. Wait, where did she get that severed head? Why is she eating the head… okay.. . That is every episode, and honestly you just start to grow numb. But hey, I’ve got good things to say.. . The Music. Watching Pupa I was shocked by the quality of the music because it is awesome. That and the voice actors know what their doing, and are perfectly suited.. . The Visuals. Animation in this anime is great. Never did ...
I stumbled upon the anime on Netflix when browsing for something to watch. From the title I expected generic love story with maybe some drama to make it more interesting, but I could never have expected what I would actually watch.. . To say the plot makes no sense (in my opinion) does not accurately describe it. It almost seems like there were two writers for this show who got different briefs on what to write and then they forcefully merged them to make one show. Why someone would think that a poorly written and cliché love story needs to be paired with some supernatural conspiracy plot ...
I expected this anime to be like Your Lie in April. Unfortunately, it is not. In fact, it's just another average rom-com anime but with music.. . There are some interesting plot points. For one, the fact that the father is divorced instead of dead brings some uniqueness to it. Maybe in another episode he'll come back or something? And what about Haru who might have had a childhood crush on him? How did they know each other? And the other characters in the opening theme song? But I'll never know, because the rest of the story plot is so painfully average that decides to tell and ...
In the shows current state, it is absolutely the worst series this franchise has produced. Bird manages to be a worse main character than Aiga by being so laughably useless. There's zero stakes at all since you know he's always gonna lose, but Multi and X will ALWAYS win. This show took the great formula set up by burst, and completely mangled it. They kept the sports anime angle, but added so much unnecessary filler and social media BS that it's such a slog to sit through. In 9 episodes, this series manages to have less content than every other show before it. I am ...
Reading the intro, I had an idea what the story was about, but it also nailed the point home with a kamehameha x9001. In the first episode, wound up bawling, and I didn't know any of the characters names yet. I'm your classic man's man (at least, according to other people), so this is soooooo not my thing. This show kicks you in the feels, burns you alive, then throws you in acid. If that's your thing, more power to you. It wasn't my thing. It's not a fantasy story with some realism, this is one of those stories ...
the first and only time i watched this was when i was around 13, even then i knew that what was going on in this show was so messed up on so many levels.. . im genuinely baffled by all the people who say its good, have we watched the same show? have you paid at least a bit of attention? there are so many things wrong with this anime that it makes me sick: paedophilia, incest and whatnot.. . i cant even begin to describe how much i hate this. if youre thinking about watching this just dont, skip it and forget about it.
First of all, I'm not a fan of Ghibli. I watched some of their works but liked only Spirited Away, so I didn't have high expectations for this movie. We have a very leisurely start with a lot of injection, then it all is like Tom and Jerry till the very end - heroes just run, crawl, go through different locations, symbolic event which were supposed to mean something, but heroes just pass through it and never ever remember them again. None of the raised topics were paid enough attention or got a development, same goes to all characters of the story. This movie reminds ...
i used to love this anime when i was younger, but upon rewatching, i realized how problematic both of the couples were. the entire series romanticizes age gaps, student-teacher relationships, manipulation, and toxicity.. . though i must admit that if it werent for the issues i listed before, especially the age gap and student-teacher relationship, i would quite enjoy it. there were some cute moments, and the characters were quite enjoyable. unfortunately, these problematic elements are something i simply cannot and will not overlook, and neither should you.. . i understand that there arent many anime focused on lgbt relationships for people to choose from, and its frustrating to ...
An interesting Anime that a crazy amount of effort put into making it as uninteresting as possible.. . The big issue with this anime is the pacing, many episodes happen with you feeling did anything happen?. Sometimes it takes 3 or 4 episodes for what seems to be a minor rescues. This is partially because of the intense amount of recaps every episode but also because a lot of dead time to make suspense (which it doesn't actually make nor is it helpful most of time).. . The recaps are so thorough that if someone were to have exclusively watched the recaps of each episode only they would have 90% ...
i think it's safe to say AOT didn't handle the character of Eren and the Ending well, it was total shit.. and i don't appreciate the dry humor of the-most-reacted-against reviews on this anime because i think many people are too dumb to get that you are actually mocking the anime by exaggerating it's greatness by saying stuff like "Isayama is a philosopher who went beyond reality".. i'm gonna go full conspiracy theory here, ready?. i think after eren started to become a symbol of a great man who will crush his enemies, the current establishment got afraid and somehow forced Isayama to turn eren into a whiny ...
#4. . If this anime didn’t have the slightest mention of sisters, it would be a pretty solid anime. It was actually pretty enjoyable and quite nice when the main character wasn’t talking about his dark twisted fantasies. How is the MC not in jail? Like, this anime had some SERIOUS potential considering it had a semi decent story and message, but it was completely ruined by fan service that was uncalled for. The FBI could be at my very door step… wait… I GOTTA RUN ITS ALL THIS SHOWS FAULT!!!! DON’T WATCH!!!. . Seeing the MC suffer was a highlight. 4/10
I thought it was mid at start, then things happened & made it go up 8/10 but not for long (this stops after ep1 & every other ep is a downhill incline).. Edgy but in kinda uncool way, bordering or maybe even cringe. i'll sneak peak you a little thing:. MC is garbage initially and relies on a broken loli who kills dragons.. MC then gets a broken powerup after few year and & kicks out the little girl in less than 5 mins stating, "It's to protect her".. . The show relies on a lot of similar bullcrap to go by. If you can ignore it & get ...
This is without a doubt the worst anime of the season. It's worse than the pig isekai. The first half of the first episode is pretty interesting. The show sets up well at the beginning despite being edgy it shows some promise. Unfortunately the promise dies right there and never shows any signs of life again. The characters are beyond stupid but not seemingly intentionally. The show also seems to want you to be emotionally invested when characters get injured or die but it does absolutely zero setup to make you actually invest or care about those characters. ...
Gamera Over.. . Netflix anime has always existed in a state of balance. For every incredible Netflix anime adaption, there must be anime that is such incredible garbage you’d think it was taken from the “Crunchyroll Originals” lineup -before that piece of marketing died- to balance the scales back to neutral. Gamera: Rebirth is one such piece of stinky doo-doo-faeces. An unholy matrimony between some of the worst Kaiju movies in recent memory, the Micheal Bay Transformers movies and the 1995 animated TV series, Reboot… somehow?. . Gamera: Rebirth is a coming-of-age story about three young friends trying to buy communication devices so that when they’re split up ...
Kill me baby left me with… well very mixed feelings, more on the negative side.. . . The story is about two girls, Sonya, who is an assasin that hides as a high school student and her classmate. She’s very serious and rather violent person, always hitting or torturing her classmate, Oribe Yasuna.. Yasuna is stupidly optimistic and always get on Sonya’s nerves because of that. She’s very kind and good hearted tho.. There’s also a third girl, Goshiki Agiri, who is a ninja and just show up sometimes.. . . Episodes are cut in three, not related to each other segments. They are mostly based on random and gag humor.. . ...
Surprisingly disappointing.. . The technical aspect. It's beautifully drawn and animated, with good looking characters. What is most impressive is the attention to detail: The technology shown, the computers, the hydraulics and electronics of the mechs and the large machines surrounding them, the weapons, the world itself all seem to make sense and they look, feel and sound believable and draw you in (minor exceptions like that one time where the massive mechs jump on ships and the ships don't instantly break apart and sink) .. . This is sci-fi done right: It's still absurd, but the technology really feels immersive and even somewhat realistic thanks to real effort ...
i get straight to point , the story is shitty. don't waste your time. the main character is can't do a thing and want revenge. his companion is not the character who is a whore and story is nothing special . characters are not good. you find this anime creepy , i mean the main character want revenge but still travel with dead weight . her nakamal all race was destroyed and she still love them . she can't even fight properly. main character is not smart, i say he is just you know . so avoid this shit ...
Meh. So, I watched a few episodes, and I know I shouldn't only compare it to the original, but, especially when it comes to the fight scenes and relating what was happening in the anime to Japanese history, I was left wanting. The final nail in the coffin for me to drop it, though, was the manga creator's continued involvement in the series, even after being convicted for the possession of kiddie porn. That didn't affect my rating, I was already disappointed with the anime, but I just couldn't continue after I found out that my patronage could benefit someone who might spend his earnings ...
For ~95% of this show's runtime it is a very solid, 7/10 sci-fi mystery series that I would genuinely recommend.. The problem is the other 5%; so bad that it makes me a) wish I hadn't watched the show and b) feel forced to write this review in order to warn others as I wish I had been warned myself.. . Anytime the show has to deal with gender, sex and sexuality, all the subtly and decent writing goes straight out the window and the scenes with such included get increasingly uncomfortable to watch. That is not taking into account the last episode and a bit which - ...
Right, ill cut to the chase, this show isn't good at all. Its trying really hard to depict a brutal time in Japans history and trying way to hard. This anime has a lot of horrible scenes. So if you are a little sensitive to extreme violence or sexual assault, some of which is at the same time then for a start this isn't for you. Equally, if you like shows with great animation and great story telling coupled with great character development, this show also isn't for you.. . Ill start with the only positive and to be fair, its still not great. ...
Definitely Highly NOT Recommended. Unless you’re watching this out of morbid curiosity.. . NSFW.. . Easily one of the worst things I’ve ever watched. (Though still not bad as having watched the censored Live YT Reactions to all 3 episodes of Boku No Pico. That still takes the cake.). . The characters are s***. The world building is s***. The story development is terrible. The only interesting thing about this series is the concept.. . Plot: ?????????????/10. Concept: 8/10. ...
What a waste of time, this anime is nothing but a complete mess full of gore and nudity scenes which may be cool if you´re 12 years old, but if you are no longer a kid, and you want a good story, good animation or at least a little group of nice characters, I have bad news for you because everyone here is retarded or an asshole. . Lucy is a sadistic bitch, but the series wants you to feel bad about how the evil humanity treats her (yeah, we´re assuming that she wasn´t killing everyone in a horrible way). Kota doesn´t have any personality, he´s just there ...
If you wanna experience Umineko for the first time, DO NOT watch the anime, read the visual novel and if you can't afford the visual novel by any chance watch a playthrough of it, this anime will ruin your perception of the Umineko story.. . Studio Deen had the anime rushed due to time constraints with in turn caused key elements of the story and plot to be skipped over, not only does this make the story less engaging but it also leaves the viewer confused at most of the mysteries in the anime since the answers for the mysteries were completely omitted from the anime. The ...
Absolutely no appeal at all. Wasted potential. As unique and refreshing the concept can be, the story got stomped by its lack of good plot and characters completely. Takemichi is a terrible main character — no character development nor a single charming characteristic whatsoever when you think about it. He provides nothing but a constant cycle of: having a mental breakdown, saying "I will defeat ____," then proceeding to get beaten to an ugly pulp every single time.. . Sure, the message is good enough: you won't know until you give a try. However, the victories are earned through sheer luck (plot armor) every time instead ...
This anime was difficult to watch. Not because of it's themes of suicide, self-harm, and depression etc. but because it was so goddamn stupid.. . Reviewed after watching that disaster of an OVA. . Cloverworks really should know better if it wants to become a power player in the industry. Wonder Egg Priority is a genuinely beautiful looking show backed with excellently animated action scenes and clever use of media mixing. Unfortunately the troubled production which killed the already-waning hype the show generated at it's introduction rears it's ugly head far too often throughout the show. The show frequently has off-model and janky single-digit fps animation that distracts you ...
The biggest piece of shit anime in recent years. It's baffling how many people are defending it and considering it a masterpiece. This series really is a magnet for weirdos and borderline pedos. The only thing actually good about this anime is a production quality. And no matter how many good points someone might find about it, the one question still lingers over it... Where do you draw the line?. . This anime has a biggest piece of degenerate MC that I've seen. You're literally watching anime about pedo groomer. A 40 year old dude sexually assaulting kids, molesting them, kidnapping and molesting them, grooming his future ...
I’m extremely annoyed by how terrible the motivations of the main character David are. I’m 8 episodes deep into the anime hoping that we figure out why David keeps pushing himself past his limit but to no avail….. show is pretty trash but animation is alright. To this very moment I still don’t know the motivations behind why all the characters are edgeunners.. . The characters themselves are very one dimensional. Although I will admit David did have some SLIGHT character development, but at the end of the day he is still extremely one dimensional and a complete idiot.. . Animation was decent, art style was good. ...
i dont write reviews but the fact tht the most popular review gives the characters in here a 10/10 bc of the number of "waifus" says everything it needs to about this dumbass anime. lord i need to write more so i will: if ur one of those braindead people who watch anime for the waifus and bc you're deeply unhappy with your current irl life so you need to delude urself into watching anime where you WISH u were the sigma male op protagonist then by all means watch this anime. if ur a normal functioning person who doesn't drool over 2d characters then ...
Baki if it was bad and if it was an isekai.. . Where Baki shines in making fun of every stupid shounen and fighting anime in making the characters bullshitting everything more and more after each episode while all believing in their words like it's absolute truth, here we get an anime where the main character is a chuunibyou and is kind of obviously a parody. The problem reside in the fact that the drama of the situations supposedly being too serious that you can't give a damn about it makes it just like another bad isekai anime.. . In the end, it's just another isekai anime for the ...
A tale of a young prodigious magician who has difficulty summoning a familiar until he has a chance encounter with a book in the library. This is a mixture of drama, action, romance, and intrigue, and it is a completely unremarkable concoction in its totality.. . The cast is comprised of shallow supporting characters that fulfill the most miniscule of roles in that they only ever appear on-screen to induce shenanigans or to invite adversity into the story. The villain(s) are evil for the purpose of being evil. The main character is special and has a unique power because that is how it is. The major supporting ...
I loved playing the mobile dating sim, and was really excited about the anime. But it's... really disappointing. The episodes are short, there's no real substance, the humor is bad, and they missed the nail on some of the original characters' personalities. I would probably rate it worse if I wasn't holding onto the nostalgia of my love for the game, and especially for the twins, Beelzebub and Belphegor. They did them a little justice in this show, at least. They made most of the characters really irritating and dislikable, and the story was boring. If you played the game prior to watching this show, ...
Gundam Thunderbolt's second season is nothing more than the burned out husk of a once great show. A bold-faced insult to the glorious first season it succeeded which sucks it dry of the energy it once had in favor of hollow pandering and incomplete, shallow storytelling.. . Let's start with the very basic premise of this season, more specifically how it's broken from the very foundation. What defined the first season of Thunderbolt was the intense, morally gray rivalry between its two leads and the squads they represent. The show gave you time to truly get to know both Io and Daryl, grow attached to them and ...
Apart from Reiko, other female characters remain dull. The absurd comedy seems good at first, but it can't make you laugh anymore because it repeats too much. On top of that, some chapters feel like they are just empty to fill them in, episode 10 can be cited as an example of this. The music was so ordinary that I couldn't hold a place in my mind with any other music.. We don't get to know the main characters deeply. Ecchi and Harem feel like they were put there just to be featured. Because it doesn't affect the course of the scenario much. In fact, after ...
Prologue, animation and art style is actually good (not for the CGI effect). The story is well written, so good in the beginning, I felt bad for MC at first sight, I want him to be a good person at the end of the story, but why?. . (Something turns so fast). Denji, he was cool, I sympathized with him only for the first episode, for the next episode? Just turning out so fast where he actually have a good treatment from Makima, it makes me easy to predict the end of the story. The main character has to suffer for at least one season and has a ...
Appreciate it, whatever they did was hard work. But they really should stop. Just skip to the timeskip!. . (Background). Why did Boruto exist (Alien). The background itself is way too much. Madara himself is enough to end Naruto, but why? Why must there be an alien in Boruto? Does not fit the concept of the story itself.. . (Character design). The character is just a copy of Naruto, all the side characters have no iconic design along with the villain. The villain design is horrible, like real alien. This series is completely different from Naruto.. . (Art style). Just meh, too clean, too colorful.. ...
Let me get this out of the way be because I really found it weird: Spock is in the beginning of this anime. Yeah, I'll research it later but as far as I know, Paramount never sued anybody. Anyway, on to the review.. . Some classics just don't age well, and this has curdled a bit. I suppose you'd call this story an isekai today, but that's being generous. A very Mad Max-ish dystopia accompanied by a bad soundtrack. I guess if you respect the older titles you can watch it out curiosity, pretty much as I did, but is it ...
I liked the story but WOW some scenes were quite uncomfortable or incredibly disturbing. Felt like I was watching something illegal at points. Yes it was that bad. I'm so conflicted too, it was such a good story but HOLY COW bro I feel a little traumatized. For context, it was way worse than some of the other scenes in the first season. And for that reason I can't really recommend it to anyone in good faith but I know some people will appreciate the undelying story. There really isn't much else to say without getting into spoilers but, you'll like it if you want ...
As a horror/supernatural anime, it falls in both aspects.. The horror is mediocre fluff (audio SFX & soundtracks, visual mood settings) and the protagonist's terrified expression has already become the default by episode 2 as he scares easily. There's no real sense of danger or tension regarding the supernatural as Yayoi can easily secure the scene, she's the ultimate safety net.. Yayoi's apathetic demeanor and Eiko's cheery nonchalance have to be the most chilling part of the series. Overall though, it's more mysterious than spooky, intriguing but not as nearly terrifying as advertised in the trailers.. Horror, gore, and the supernatural merely play the role of tools to ...
Completely ignoring the controversy about the age difference of the main love interest couple, it's not been a great anime. I'm 10 episodes in and for the last few episodes I've been bored. Some people say the manga was great and that is why I've stuck around this long to see if the anime would ever live up to the manga's hype, and I'll finish it since there's only a couple episodes left, but it's not one I would recommend to friends. The show acts like it wants to build up to something but it takes so long that it isn't interesting. Maybe it's an ...
This is a series with an interesting premise and concept, numerous revelations, growing stakes up to shake two worlds collapsing into each other, ideas about the next step for humans or something, an anti-escapism message, and characters that do change throughout it. It should’ve been a good and quite praised series, and yet it’s not, why’s that?. . Inconsistent aesthetics. . The first and most superficial reason, yet true to these days, is that visually is not great. For a show about people playing a videogame, the game itself doesn’t look very engaging, the avatars look plain and some are not very different from the real people using them, ...
I wanted to like this show, but the story was all over the place. It became interesting later on, but it was too late at that point. It's a good thing there was plenty of fan service. I was able to entertain myself with that.. . The first half is mostly a comedy, with the girls all trying to get Rin's attention and the other boys in the school getting angry about it. The second half of the series is darker and more serious, as it delves into the main characters' backgrounds and deals with their issues and problems. Rin is an okay male lead for a ...
Good anime are either carried by good plot, or good characters. This has neither. I would not recommend this anime and that's coming from someone who actually enjoys generic isekai anime usually.. . It's a little saddening to note the character with the least personality... is actually the MC. Honestly the best part of entire eps are just the wholesomeness of the slimes. That's it. Yuji has as much personality as a rock... He's near emotionless as well. . The animation is fine in a couple eps but the majority of the season it was below par.. . The plot is beyond even 'generic' and falls into 'just bad' territory. It's ...
Absolutely godawful on so many levels it is incomprehensible. u make an anime 19 years later after the 97 version and somehow manage to make it this incredibly bad due to its horrible animation, character style/design, audio/sound (please for the love of god why on earth is there a pan sound every time a sword is drawn?). also why does every character progress to look so femboy tier? its insane to me. . Like who decided to make this, rewatch it, and was like "damn its time to air this piece of brilliance", i have no words for the absolute amtateur/low social intuition one must have to ...
DON'T MISUNDERSTAND ME THIS FILM IS GREAT AND I LOVE HOW IT EXPANDS ON THE VISUAL NOVEL IN THE TINIEST DETAILS ---. BUT! <READ MORE>. The entire trilogy is just WAY WAY lacking of content. The entire point of the heaven's feel route is for us to finally stop idealizing the concept of <Hero of Justice> Emiya Shirou was cursed to bear. That he actually deserves to live amongst humans despite being the only one who lived the Great Fire = and to move on from his survivor's guilt. The visual novel is the perfect way to convey this aspect of the plot because in that ...
It has no plot. It is obvious that it was not meant to have a plot and just wanted to show some funny situations.. . It has a nice art style but just got wasted with the trash writing.. . All the characters were forgettable even the protagonist.. . It is basically supposed to be a comedy show. Anything else is hard to justify. But even that it fails to do. It was never funny. I can't believe that whoever wrote this finds humor in having parents abuse their kids who adore them. This kind of humor repeated itself over and over. The humor doesn't work but that type of humor ...
Producer Yoshihiro Watanabe claimed that this show was meant to be a retelling, a fresh take on a decades old story, with no intention to step on anyone's toes.. So this review is with that in mind, because while people claim that you should not compare it to the original anime, the producer himself already made a claim directly related to it.. . I find this show near unwatchable, from a technical standpoint. It has different frame rates for different animations and multiple characters animated at the same time in the same shots (big animation no-no).. There is a stylistic choice in making the animation look choppy, ...
Tokyo Revengers, honestly, it's a bit of a letdown. I mean, seriously, what's up with Takemichi Hanagaki? He's supposed to be the main guy, but most of the time, he just comes off as this weak and ineffective character. It's like he's stuck in a perpetual state of self-pity, always crying and not really doing much that matters. I can't help but feel that his constant emotional breakdowns are just dragging the story down.. . And let's talk about the story itself - it's pretty superficial. I was expecting something deeper, you know? But instead, it feels like it's just scratching the surface. The plot needs more ...
This anime was not good at all. I enjoyed it when I was in middle school and I finished the whole first season. Eventually I took it upon myself to revisit the anime years later. It's hard to watch in general. The voice acting, characters and storyline are so ??? I'm not even sure how to describe it. The first episode we watch Elizabeth get sexually harassed by Meliodas and she just sort of takes it? His reasoning for this is because Elizabeth is just his reincarnated soulmate. The show is a god awful mess. And it's so predicable. The fights aren't even exciting to ...
The anime has a really cool story, but I think the animator made it kind of messed up. The biggest issue for me is the night fight scenes. They mix too many dark colors together, and it makes it hard to see what's going on. It's not easy to watch those parts. I'm not an expert in making anime, but there should have professional ways to address this issue, which evidently, this production team lacks the expertise to do.. . Also the plot could have been improved by giving more depth to the bad guys. As it stands, the protagonist's journey feels repetitive, just defeating one demon ...
I picked this up merely as an obligation to my backlog. I had the novel for this series in the backlog for years...and since the anime came out, I just had to watch it due to the priority it had in the queue.. . Yeah, it's practically AI generated. Generic isekai protagonist. The beginning does not sugarcoat the cringe generic garbage pilot episode at all. Salaryman dies working and gets transported into a medieval European world of swords and magic! How original. Many isekai shows take the base template of a medieval European world of magic because they don't want to do any worldbuilding and spend 10000 ...
If you close your eyes and breath deeply through your nose, what do you smell?. . Air freshener and the faint scent of musty sheets? Axe body spray and unwashed gym clothes? Flat Mountain Dew Code Red and stale Ranch Doritos?. . If any of the above apply, consider cleaning your room. Your time will be better spent than watching this show. If not, consider scouring your corners for dust bunnies as you will have a more exciting adventure moving your furniture around and searching for dirt than watching the main character Earth and his attempts to be the coolest anti-social, but actually social, mid-life crisis gamer.. . The show ...
Katanagatari's episodes, much like its dialogue, are unnecessarily drawn-out and tedious. Each one is 50 minutes long, but could easily be compressed to 25 or even 12 minutes without sacrificing much.. . It introduces characters (or doesn't even bother introducing them) as quickly as it writes them off.. . The soundtrack ranges from annoying to pretty good, though maybe you're more into rapanese than I am.. . The fight scenes mostly consist of the same 4 frames repeated ad nauseam. There's more dynamic animation in literally every other part of the show.. . Overall, Katanagatari felt like a chore to watch, and I don't recommend investing 10 hours of your time ...
Black Cat bored me. There were too many flaws for me to like the show. However, there are a few things that the show did right, such as the characters' unique and distinct personalities. However, there are issues with consistency, character development, and story progression.. . As I mentioned, I did enjoy the distinct personalities of the main characters. Train is a laid-back goofball who can become serious when necessary. Sven is more serious and worries about their finances, but he follows a gentleman's code when it comes to women. Eve is quiet and bookish but can fight when needed.. . The art style and animation are good, ...
Underwhelming. The fantasy setting is about as generic as it gets, nothing about it feels fresh or interesting, and as an emotional journey story it feels like reading a YA book and being delivered conclusions that aren't particularly complex or nuanced to you, as an adult. Which, I get this is a shounen series aimed at teenagers and I'm not exactly the target audience, but that being said, I feel like Adventure Time deals with complex emotional issues better than Frieren does and that show is aimed at children. So Frieren doesn't get a total pass on that.. . I gave it a 5 out of ten ...
I really don't understand how this anime gets this much praise, therefore i make it short and quick: One of the most boring animes i've ever watched and had to sit through (it was painful).. . >The idea had a lot of potential, but was very badly implemented.. >The story and the characters are mega boring and the romance was non existent.. >The art was pretty average and underwhelming.. >The comedic approach wasn't well-conceived.. . I really wanted to like this anime, but was hugely disappointed. Can't recommend it at all...Save your precious time and don't watch it. How this anime could get a nearly 8 score is ...
A generally beloved piece of media.. But the show suffers fundamentaly at several levels.. Like a castle made on sand.. . # Plot. •Simple plot of a young boy venturing into the unknown with a dreams and making friends alongside. (Nothing new.). An abrupt story divided into arcs which seem more like random jigsaw fitted without prior planning.. . • The other major problems arises from instantaneous nature of writing.. At time arc is concluded without giving proper conclusion.. ...
"you can't beat the intensity of the original", says a line from episode 25 of this anime remake of a pretty good tokusatsu show from the 70's that I watched before getting into this. That line perfectly sums this whole experience, meaning this is a pretty mediocre remake allaround less focused on the typical giant mecha stuff of the original and more concerned of throwing at the viewer a series of fights in battle shounen/spokon fashion (to the point of looking more an Ashita No Joe remake with some sprinkles taken from Dragonball and Rupan Sansei part II than a Red Baron one) that are ...
"We have Chainsaw Man at home". . . There's a good horror plot somewhere in this, but budgetary shortcomings and the four-minute episode format stifle any potential it had. I wonder if the manga is good?. Regardless, if you're here to see the widely-reputed worst anime ever, you're here. I expected it to be much worse, honestly.. . [This review needs more information!. Here are a few ideas of what you may want to include:. . Is the story unique? If it was predictable, did you enjoy it anyway because you like this genre/set-up?. ...
At first I thought it was a mid magic school thing which is not great but not terrible, then it took a turn with a revenge plot that was very engaging and promising, and then it went backwards to not even mid but worse; it was disjointed, underwhelming, and overwhelming all at once. I really don't know what to say about the latter episodes other than they were bad. All else was, again, mid or above average. I guess to sort of break it down, the animation was so-so, the soundtrack was eh, the characters were eh (minus Oliver, but he was fairly sidelined), the ...
Captain Tsubasa has been an absolute and total disappointment. I truly loved the previous 2018 anime, animated by David Production, but the current studio is just terrible. I don’t know what happened, but everything is bad from A to Z. The animation, sound effects, sound design, music, and even the opening theme are all lackluster. The voice acting and dialogues are dreadful. Having skimmed through the manga, it's clear that the anime significantly deviates, often in a childish manner, especially with the introduction of Karl. This anime has so many flaws; it's unbelievable. I can't even point out one good aspect. I continue watching it ...
It's unfortunate because this is a manga adaptation that had a lot of potential, but I think there was quite a few things holding it back. Especially because of the unsatisfying ending. Thats not a spoiler though, because this was intended to be 26 episodes and ended because of poor reception.. . I liked the manga mainly because it was actually substantial on its statements about queerness and self identity, but the anime ended up being inconclusive and unfinished. And even then, some of the characters here are either half-baked or extremely irritating/ trope-y. Especially Sayaka, as much as the fandom for this likes her, on ...
Everything in this ONA is wrong, just everything.. . The characters are robots, that have "develop" human emotions and what not.. At some point in the show we see that Robot can re attach their own heads from the body, and place them in a mecha suit.. So why is it, that when their HEAD is FINE, they can't be fixed? why is it when a robot body is broken in two parts, and his head is just fine, we cant just place the damn head in a mecha suit, and he would be just fine?. . This ONA would have made sense if they were normal humans or perhaps Bio-engineered ...
This episode is that bad, and it was an obvious introduction to the characters that will soon play a role in the series. It began with a typical setting of an opening with an introduction of a bunch of characters. Yes, it is an okay special, but it is so basic in my opinion. It was uninteresting and I get cringe at times. I gave it a 4 since I can see how cringy it is to me. I rather accept the cringiness of the series than this special. But I gave it a generous score of 4 since it still has an interesting setting ...
I'm baffled by the high scores and praise this show is getting. It's just so BLAND and utterly devoid of flavor.. . Fuutarou is a slice of stale bread, but the girls all learn to like him because, apparently he's the first guy they've ever met.. I mean, it's pretty typical for male MC's (especially harem ones) to be utterly nothing, but Fuutarou has absolutely zero charm. Other harem MC's are aloof at times or say something funny. They might be bland, but they'll have some quirk about them that makes them attractive. But Fuutarou has none. He's annoying and likes to show off his high grades. ...
Sooo it has this cool lineup of characters that you can't help but root for... I spent half of the anime just trying to choose to who i had to fangirl more... Now, when it comes to the whole anime, it's a bit hit or miss. Theres no actual plot... Or thats what i feel like... The series uses musical performances not only as a form of entertainment but also as a means of character development, which is just... Mehxd specially for people who aren't into that type of genre. If you're a fan of anime that incorporates music as a central element and explores ...
What happened to Ousama Ranking's story? Did someone kidnap the author halfway in and force him to write a mediocre battle shounen with terrible pacing? This show is incredibly confusing.. . In short, Ousama Ranking felt like watching two different shows. Its first half or so was actually very enjoyable, making use of complex and interesting characters in a context à la Game of Thrones topped with gorgeous art and symbolic writing - albeit as subtle as a brick through a window -, but then the fire nation attacked the mangaka or something must have happened because everything turned to trash. After the first half I just ...
this show is extremely cringey in some moments but also cute in others. the one thing I really hate about this show is the unnecessary drama between the characters and the reasoning behind it. overall this show is just your average romance anime that has the mandatory waifu and generic loser that somehow gets with her. very predictable as of episode 9 and it’s been so unrealistic to the point I want to stop watching but I can’t because I need to see how it could possibly make this score go any lower than it already is, that or raise it, who knows
To keep it brief, with very minor spoilers, it’s a cute non ecchi story about an abused girl who gets rescued by a mage, and the guy tryna make the girl feel better and have a fun life.. . It’s cute, a little amusing, and goes completely off the fucking rails in episode 6 at the zoo.. . What was previously a cute and amusing dynamic between the two with some additional support from the dudes sister and the mail girl, becomes weird and makes it unwatchable imo.. . The animals, every single one of them, act like jealous men regarding Charlotte’s relationship with Allen. Unicorns glaring and cursing out a ...
Films nearing the half-hour mark seem like sort of a trend lately. Perhaps due to the declining attention span of viewers, gradually, the general standards for consumption cease to exist. They've always been around, yet recent advertising promises a more glamorous comprehensive experience. Whatever the case, the runtime doesn't have to be an issue, nor does it even need to be considered a facet of thought when handled in the right direction. Summer Ghost is bewildered, bound by a specific restraint on its cast and to what extent they're written if they're written at all. It's hard to imagine there was genuine effort behind the ...
Netflix's adaptation of popular manhwa Lookism couldn't be a worse display of indifferent effort, although admittedly, it doesn't benefit from the source material either, and there's only so much one could do to improve a story lacking fundamentals. The baseline premise is that of a hybrid self-insert drama and power fantasy, not always mutually inclusive considering the central direction rarely settles definitively, instead opting for redundant instances of bullying and the occasional showboating from a character that's clearly a caricature of malice, merely waiting to dominated by our lead. There's a stark difference between using the school hierarchy to initiate conflicts and that being the ...
It's a bit of a disaster when a romantic film struggles to depict the romance itself, and paired with highly impersonal dialogue, the substance is thinly stretched. Natsu e no Tunnel, Sayonara no Deguchi occasionally remained on the heels of finding a centralized theme to latch onto, but once we've repeatedly witnessed the rehashed ideas of the tunnel and its purpose, there's not much else occurring to warrant interest. Hachimoku's original story is relatively predictable; even within hidden specifics, the outcomes are relatively one-dimensional. There is never an instance of genuinely palpable tension due to the erratic nature of supernatural phenomena, rather everything is somewhat ...
An inept take on the historical significance of a woman's role in a royal court, but beyond that, it almost feels incomplete. The premature nature of the ending isn't entirely to blame, not so much as the film's slapdash composure. It's quite tough to pin the blame on a specific element as they share the responsibility of keeping a story's mingling themes afloat, and Kumo no You ni Kaze no You ni seems to lose sight of which of its messages are more relevant. However, if I had to indicate the overarching structural blunder, it'd be the heavily condensed timeline, such that nearly every major ...
Mugen Ressha-hen easily possesses some of the worst storytelling mechanics anime has to offer, and the film itself is something of a trainwreck; no pun intended. The first act's inability to develop a sense of urgency derails the entire screenplay's direction and eventually its emotional impact. Sotozaki's oppressive approach to exposition, in addition to the overuse of gag expressions, doesn't serve as an inciting set-up for what's to come. Tanjiro's narration single-handedly ruins suspense, repetitive, and a massive plod in the middle of action sequences. In Enmu's final bit of inner monologue, he recognizes the slayers' skills, one instance of overdramatic dialogue. A derivative cast ...
As an adaptation of the manga it is good and its openings are great (it is clear that the budget is going) but it has problems in the direction, it is very noticeable that it had a problematic production and pre-production due to its art, which is somewhat mediocre and its animation is quite rough and stuffy, the seiyus give soulless interpretations.. . Of course, the manga it adapts is terrible and so I didn't expect much from it, it doesn't even have a good production to back it up, just like Kimetsu no Yaiba, whose manga isn't that great, but the anime is so well done ...
Akira is often credited with igniting the global interest in Japanese animation, making it a popular choice for viewers worldwide. I decided to check it out, and I can understand why it's considered revolutionary. However, I ended up being disappointed and bored in the end.. . The first half of the movie was solid. I was intrigued by the mystery up until Tetsuo went on a rampage. The character development for everyone except the protagonist was weak and lacked depth. Tetsuo's erratic behavior was not clearly explained, and it felt like a typical American movie rather than an innovative Asian import. The movie also suffered from excessive ...
Please do not waste your time watching this. I picked it randomly while browsing Crunchyroll for something to binge in one sitting and that wasn’t such a good idea. It’s basically a desperate perverted guy going around desperately pleading and asking has female classmates to see their boobs and/or underwear. To the point, he ends up forcibly in some episodes. I understand it’s a “comedy” and trying to show as many character archetypes as possible, but whoever though this series was a good idea. Should probably be institutionalised. That’s 36 minutes of my life I’m not getting back.. . There will be an audience for this. I ...
It has its moments with cool visuals and intense battles. The art and animation are consistent, but there's criticism for Haruyuki's chibi design, which feels forced in emphasizing his low self-esteem, but ig it make sense?. The second half of the series i particularly disliked it for illogical character actions, poorly thought-out plots, and frustrating developments you can find certain elements of the plot challenging to digest, impacting the overall enjoyment. While it has its positives like exciting fights and likable side characters, the overall experience for this anime is.... It might be good and enjoyable... But totally not for all viewers:/
So we're diving into the whole Harem and Ecchi vibe here. Don't expect some epic story or deep character stuff, theres not really a huge development. Its more about chuckling a bit and a fan service party. Not the go-to if you're hunting for a mind-blowing plot or characters evolving into something super profound. There's a cool factor in how the characters throw around their unique talents. If you're all about "cool" visuals mixing it up with some spicy scenes and a bit of a harem twist, this could be something you can enjoy. It's like a slight visual treat with that extra side of ...
3-4 years later we finally get this adaptation that somehow saved the show XD dissapointing but kinda acceptable to watch? I know this adaptation covers the "Old Future" arc of the manga. The central themes of romance, comedy, and fantasy persist in this adaptation. The story continues to focus on the relationship between Keiichi and the goddess, nothing that we didn't watch before. I appreciate that the character designs and visuals are updated compared to the earlier adaptations, *mostly* preserving the essence of the original manga. Again, while there might be an overarching narrative, individual episodes may not always contribute significantly to a continuous plot, ...
All the events lead to a comedic and romantic storyline. The premise is a typical wish-fulfillment setup... I remember this anime being very popular particularly by fans of romance, comedy, and fantasy genres, but i dont find it so amusing personally, even though it was catchy because of that old type of humour... I used to watch it to keep up with what was happening on the series but i didnt need to follow each part of the anime because it was added unnecesary stuff and i could just jump in parts of the story without feeling like i was loosing much of what the ...
It's one of the most awful animes aired this year, it is almost as bad as Good Night World. The characters have no real motivation or development. The story is all over the place, there is no coherence to it and at times it feels like the anime is trying to be a harem anime like some horrible attempt at a gag. The story is really unpredictable, not because the story telling is complex but rather because it isn't well executed. Character interactions are poorly executed, none of the conversations actually flow and it seems like they exist solely for info dump.. . The fact that ...
WARNING: This is gonna be a short review cause I have a life.. Concept & Story (5) - The concept was average and so was the story. The story/concept is about a guy who kills goblins because of his childhood trauma regarding goblins.. Characters (2) - Watching the characters felt like watching a group of 1D characters talk. There was no chemistry between the characters. Another reason why the characters were HORRABILE is the animation. They literally had no facial expressions. They were like Ayonokoji in a HORRIBLE way.. Animation (5) - Except for the NONEXISTENT FACIAL EXPRESSIONS, the art was average for an anime in 2023.. Overall Enjoyment ...
MAL rating average is very inflated, ~7 being average, this is proof of how bad what MAL considers "average" is. As expected of a Netflix Original, but how can they have so much money yet produce such garbage?. Not solely based on animation, but on just being unfunny, bland, and dumb. Even if the animation was average it would still be bad.. . Sound: 1.5/10 The use of sound-effects was just like the animation, "stock sound effects", the soundtracks were below average (I sort through soundtracks and ops/eds after watching shows and add them to my music playlist, these were not good), the ed was bad, the op ...
Dull, boring, monotonous, and a rocky story telling path; I only watched this because a friend highly recommended it to me. The overall plot and main character descriptions, as well as some basic descriptions of the action and overall feel made this anime sound appealing. Every episode was somehow rushed and lacking any real feel yet simultaneously being dry. The main male character has the personality of a burnt out stick, yet somehow has more personality than every other character introduced. The actions and display of magic in each episode could've been handled better, and overall was just a let down.. Seriously would not recommend ...
if Undead Unluck had anything to offer, that would be the sad sight of how low ex SHAFT's director Yuki Yase and his team has fallen. . I was anticipating Undead Unluck quite a lot, just to see how terribly would Yase's direction match with something aimed to 13-year-old children, and yeah, I found out; there's nothing wrong with the director or the team themselves (except for the art direction, which is quite disgusting), the problem here is the nature of the source material, as mentioned before their approach is something that would never work with a cheap battle manga adaptation, it doesn't let the staff's ideas ...
Started good but fell apart in the first few episodes. If you are expecting a fun isekai with yuri then don't watch this. It is full of melodrama. Like too much melodrama. There is hardly any focus on the magic science that the protagonist is supposed to be all over. Rather it focuses more on interpersonal relations and politics. Btw the parents are horrible. The nobles are horrible. And there isn't any revolution by the protagonist. Rather she totally conforms to them. Euphyllia would have been a better protagonist since her character development is actually quite good. She is great by the last episode. Comparatively ...
This series focuses on a revenge-driven plot where the protagonist gains unexpected strength, leading to a narrative heavily centered on proving his superiority. The storyline typically features antagonistic characters underestimating the main character, who then demonstrates his remarkable abilities through prolonged and often repetitive arguments.. . While the CGI is smoother than many Donghuas, it's undermined by subpar model and effect quality. The translation quality further weakens the series, making moral debates confusing.. . The story is predictable. The art style is appropriate but dated, resembling that of the year 2000. Characters are mostly one-dimensional, with the exception of one antagonist who is slightly more developed, but still ...
“Suzume” is what happens when You have an awesome premise and are not sure what to do with it.. . One day a young girl gives directions to a wandering stranger. Enchanted by him, she decides to see his destination for herself. She stumbles upon a lone door, surrounded by water, in the middle of ruins of an old town. Driven by curiosity she opens the door to witness a different place - a beautiful plane with a night sky. Without the means to step into that plane she unwillingly becomes the catalyst for events that could kill thousands of people. Now, with the help of the ...
There was once a time where I stumbled upon a debauched harem novel I now thankfully don't remember the name of. It had the protagonist hypnotise different girls to love him. It had more than 10 girls from different age groups and backgrounds with different personalities, one of them was even 11 y.o. (it even had a "Initiation ceremony" which was basically a giant orgy). I also remember that this harem was very lax when it came to sex. It had 2 "rules": It doesn't count as cheating if it's between family; If it's between girls in the family, everything is allowed, except penetration.. . That was ...
Thats some shiity ass anime right there.even after watching 3 episodes i couldn't understand what the plot was.i had to come back and read the description of the anime.. . °The mc Is like if a npc character gets its own anime Fukin shitty ass low budget harry Potter with shit ass animation and voice actors.. . Everything seems like a dull soap opera.The plot is fast-paced but the fighting scenes are fukin slow and boring af.. Every characters are op and boring the mc acts like kinda gaysus.. Apparently this review isn't enough to post but there isn't anything to talk good about this anime. Animation is also shit. . So i am ...
This is over 4200 words long. Short summary at the bottom. First Episode Spoilers are forewarned before mention, but not the main focus.. . The Demon Swordmaster of Excalibur Academy is something I fully expected to hate. I still do, but a little part of me wishes I didn’t have to. This slop-anime is so very close to being in a refined form, but it's just another dumpster fire of contrived logic, stupid people, and tired as hell tropes which comes together to form the final vision of a logically deprived world.. . It's no big surprise to find this show features yet another harem to add to the ...
I'll keep it short - Very Disappointed 😔. . Animation - 3/10. It was very cheap, there were only 5 major backgrounds throughout the whole anime(Sofa, Kitchen, Door, Class, Bedroom)!! Lots of still frame dialogues and extremely slow pacing, single episode felt like an hour. When they planned to go to arcade and shopping I thought I might see some animation and change of background but, they only showed a glass window with a dress as a mall and just a claw machine for the arcade, nothing else. Only the Cat Cafe was bearable to watch.. . Plot - 4/10. Despite slow pace and bad animation, they couldn't even do ...
I decided to venture into an anime that’s been popping up on my watchlist for a while, hoping to find an underrated gem… which is not quite what I got.. . Plot: The first few episodes actually pulled me into the story and I quite enjoyed the world setting that was being laid out, however while I hoped this would lead to further world development, a deeper understanding of the the characters’ abilities and their reason for being, we ended up getting none of that. What we did get is a “lets leave it up to the viewer’s imagination” ending that made me scratch my ...
This is just The Lake House but animated, and instead of a mailbox, they body-swap. If you can watch this without thinking it's a 1-1 facelift of The Lake House, congratulations, you're delusional. There are way too many similarities, practically all of them, to believe that Shinkai had not seen The Lake House before making this atrocity. They even have a train scene where he tries to meet her. Ironically, the only part I enjoyed- the body-swapping- is the only part that is different. Well, aside from the sudden amnesia subplot in the last half-hour, because Shinkai felt he needed further justification for the title, ...
ENG/ESP Review on Jujutsu Kaisen. . ENGLISH:. . It was quite a task to approach Jujutsu Kaisen, as it is currently a colossus within the anime & manga scene, even selling 80 million copies as of 2023, and I have a strange quirk of avoiding famous stuff as soon as they get released and enjoying them by myself when the hypetrain dies out; however, Jujutsu Kaisen was this gigantic flame which apparently would never cease and die out. EVERYONE talked about this new shounen anime like it was the second coming of Jesus and how the fights were an absolute eye-orgasm, everyone constantly simped Satoru Gojoh as if he ...
I feel a bit frustrated writing a review for this series as I had high hopes for it after having followed the manga adaptation for a while. Unfortunately the anime has been very lacking both as its own series and especially compared to the manga adaptation,comparison on which much of this review is based.. . I am not going to be going into the plot that much, as the basics of the setting can be found from the description of this page. Shortly its a fantasy-adventure story starring a father and a daughter with nice balance of action, drama and comedy (or at least it ought ...
I don't have a problem with wish fulfilling anime/manga, it's nice to be able to insert yourself a little into a character and distract yourself from reality for a few hours every once in a while. Some people find it pathetic, but at the end of the day it's just a form of escapism, as most other pieces of media that the average person consumes.. . The problem with Taishou Otome Otogibanashi is that it's too childish, to the point where I don't believe a person older than 13 can watch it without cringing. The interactions between the characters lack any kind of nuance, everything is on ...
Ever wondered what happens when a blender mixes stale tropes, lukewarm characters, and fights that hit as hard as a feather pillow? Look no further than "Berserk of Gluttony"!. . Firestly, the characters—oh, wait, what characters? You've got your typical cardboard cutout 'tragic' hero who's mastered the art of looking either constipated or doormat. His interactions are as memorable as a soggy piece of toast.. . And the fights! Amazing~ Truly Amazing! Get ready to witness battles so lackluster, you'll wonder if the animators were paid in Monopoly money. They're like watching two people argue over who left the fridge door open—no excitement, no stakes, just a ...
Heyo. So yea this abomination of a show. Its pretty ridiculous. But..... . Is it?. Crazy? - Absolutely. Standard plot? - Very much. Rushed? - Totally. Op mc and lots of women? - Check and check. Cringe level? - Its over 9000. . ...
Set in a futuristic cyberpunk setting, where humanity struggle against giant man eating insects using their advanced manned mecha. Kanata, the novice pilot, in a cave, stumbles upon a silver-haired red-eyed sleeping Ayanami Rei-clone, who then wakes up with the classic 'I-can't-remember-anything'.. . The premise appears intriguing on paper and filled with potential for mystery, intense action against scary giant insects, and -even if overdone- the exploration of themes like human-AI relationships or ethical dilemmas in science. However, upon watching, it becomes apparent the official site's synopsis is merely a facade.. . Starting with the positives, Synduality Noir diverges from the conventional dark and gritty tone commonly linked with ...
Okay, so this was another anime for my anime club which means I had to finish it. Otherwise I would have dropped it after three episodes.. . So, the idea is fun, a character who puts everything in one stat, but the execution is boring. Also it doesn't make sense to me why she is this overpowered. I get the part where she has good defense because that's what she put all of her points in, but she should have no attack power or barely any. They do make her slower which is something.. What I don't get is why this game starts with all your ...
I feel like I'm watching a GS dating sim rather than a follow on from the first season.. I appreciate the character growth and backstories and having down/happy times amidst the gory, death defying ones is great but it feels more like the characters are going on a camping trip than having to actually face fears and really think about the battles they are going into or just came out of.. It doesn't have the adrenaline rush, physical repulsion and action like it had before. If I hadn't watched the first season I wouldn't even try and finish this anime.. Also the mage at the start was just ...
#1. . A Centaur's Life is the first Anime I watched in my A-Z Journey, and it's appalling. There is no plot for the entire show, just random spurts of information and lore that nobody could really care for. There were some parts where it was humorous, but then there were parts where the show was humorous because of how horrible it was. It's impossible to relate or care for the characters, or in general, understand the concept of this show. Not even the fan service made it interesting, and that must say something. Personally, it missed the mark by a long shot and ...
Da Capo is a harem anime that is tedious to watch. It features a male protagonist who is pursued by a series of girls who differ from one another only in their hairstyles and personalities. Unfortunately, the series fails to introduce any novel setting or plot, making it a monotonous experience.. . Da Capo fails because it lacks any kind of friction. There is no adverse force to challenge the characters and no conflict between them. There's not even a personality clash worth mentioning. The series feels like an endless bombardment of fake smiles. Despite more than one girl being attracted to the male lead, none of ...
This anime had a good oportunity to work with the initial narrative about an adult men with so much little time to play games, could evolve the story about the problems of the japanese society and a really good anime about MMO games, unlike the other trash of this season (Shangri-la) that is another horrible anime in another way.. . But for something that I can't even undestand this anime become a isekai, nothing happens out of the game, we even don't know when the dude logoff and how he live, which problems the game will help him to surpass... It's just the guy being MC on ...
As the others say, Ep 1 - 3 is a recap of volumes 1 and 2. I recommend watching the original instead of this anime.. . The animation has really no effort, the quality is just... not good. . The only new content in these, they introduced to us a new Grimm called Nightmares and there's a new character named Shion... what? I forget her name.. . The Sfx was... low quality, and also what's wrong with eps 10 dude, why does the magic circle just appear like that?. . And... Ruby didn't eat the cookies! Why?!. . ...
For an anime with a video-game themed title, very little of the show has anything to do with video-games. You won't be getting a fun exploration of how a relationship can blossom through an online game, you'll be getting all the tropes of the Shojo genre with little in the way of character depth or interesting twists, where the game occasionally serves as an excuse for our protagonists to interact.. . After getting dumped, 20 year old college girl Akane meets 17 year old handsome, academically elite, pro-gamer, handsome, tall, aloof, handsome high school student, Yamada, who's very handsome. Much like that sentence, the show isn't shy ...
Simply said, main character is not even mediocre, it's not repulsive but just too bland and has no actual character in it, no story just nothing anime, nonsense drama and no development at all. only good thing was his 3 friends hence the rating.. . Let's say even if it's not a slice of life type realistic, you still need good characters,. . This on the other hand takes 4-5 episodes to just establish all the girls and badly, which should have been 1, then every girl here is 2 dimensional, no character, big honker loli child hood nee chan friend, gay powerfull mommy, Manipulative dominant girl hiding her ...
My brother in Christ, this is my first review on this site after years of watching both pretty good and downright bad animes. Why would I waste such a moment on an anime that I don't recommend? It's simple: because up until episode 12, it's a 6-7 star anime. However, episode 13 threw all of that into a blender and served us the most disgusting mess it could possibly result in.. . "Why would the creator do that?" you may ask. So do I. And then, just as I'm about to smash my monitor into pieces, I read that beautiful part of this anime's description on MAL: ...
Just don't. This show is more of an animation studio's failed attempt to make a showcase for their 3d animation prowess than a piece of entertainment made for your enjoyment.. . Hate to have to say this, but while this show might be on par with Appleseed from 2004, this isn't what good 3D looks like in a post Dorohedoro world, and yes, everything 3D moving forward WILL be held to that standard Mappa set.. . The animation is passable in the same way the old 3D berserk was passable as a means of watching and listening to a story... there is no story here though. Whoever wrote this ...
This anime is ridiculously boring, like to an extent that is incomprehensible. You'd have to be strapped to a chair to watch this plotless disaster of a show with more 2 minute pauses per episode than one piece.. . The first 26 episodes are apparently the "setting", yet nothing really happens. A confession is made and the anime should end right there, yet it goes on for 80 or so more episodes.. . I recommend not watching this! People get a ego and admiration for old shows with low member counts, to fill their ego of finding "hidden gem anime." This isn't a hidden gem. This is hidden ...
... no.. . This movie is much worse than the anime. I think I get what they were going for. This is an anime about Utena likely being in high school. Similar to the old anime, she's trapped in a fairy tale role of trying to be a prince. Though this one is much more insulting.. . Characters: the actual worst part about this movie. The only characters who stay good, are Anthy and Utena. The rest of them suffer. Touga is one note good guy. Miki is implied bad, but ultimately ends as one note good. Juri is one ...
12 episodes...it Couldn't end soon enough.. . As a whole, this anime has some really good ideas, fascinating plot ideas to tie together a truly interesting storyline... yet, what we get, is an anime devoted not to the telling of a story about the world, and the main characters' struggles with dealing with the challenges set before him...we have, instead of that, an anime devoted to making a character so dimwittedly stupid, and lacking any social and romantic proclivity, become what can only be called a collected of young women to make his brides.. . This anime has the bare bones of a story with telling, however, ...
Low-budget, boring, and very campy. There are a couple action scenes that would make for a cool looking trailer but, sadly, that's the only thing of value here. The seriousness of the show is undercut by the ridiculous plot and characters. The villain looks straight out of a comedy show and is completely unbelievable. The low-budget and lack of facial animations made all the characters feel lifeless. The show seems to transition between light teen drama and boring action drama which makes the whole thing feel predictable. If they had made this an actual rated R type of show then maybe it could have worked, ...
I will do a brief analysis, in a short and thick way. We all know that after the Frieza saga, Dragon ball lost a lot of narrative quality (since its animation at the time was almost static) Super then just buried that beautiful GT ending six feet under and even took away the little dignity that the end of the saga had. boo brought it, we dealt with countless problems in the super, but we had very lively and well-directed fights in the final stretch, and ok, the series could go back to rest... but no, Broly's movie is by far the best thing we've ...
The plot had potential, with an evil sorcerer named Anubis awakening from a 5000-year-old sleep and seeking to destroy the world with the help of the Pyramid of Light, the 8th Millennium Item. Yugi and his friends must enter the Millennium Puzzle to defeat Anubis and battle mummies along the way. It would have been watchable if the movie had focused on this storyline.. . Unfortunately, the movie was ruined by the inclusion of Seto Kaiba, who drove the plot with his obsession to beat Yugi. Even Anubis, the supposed villain, only appeared for a brief moment. The movie combined two good elements, a card game, and ...
A decent anime overall (6 / 10) .. . The story is quite average, as far as isekai plots and tropes go. What makes the show interesting is the way that MC uses his newfound power, and the overall plot direction. If these were the only considerations, then the score should have been (8 / 10).. . Unfortunately, the way that MC speaks, and how dialog is handled really ruins the experience for me. The MC talks like the most formal robot to ever exist out there. Every single conversation becomes predictable from the moment it starts. MC treats every single person he interacts with like they executive ...
Alright, so let's talk about the ending of Attack on Titan. Honestly, I was pumped for it, but it left me feeling kinda meh. The pacing was like a race to the finish line, and I couldn't shake the feeling that they were just trying to tie up all the loose ends in a hurry. It's like they hit fast-forward and skipped over the emotional build-up we'd been craving.. . And the characters, oh boy. They took some turns that left me scratching my head. I mean, we've seen these guys grow and evolve throughout the series, and suddenly, it's like they pulled a 180 on us. ...
I'm confused: Is this meant to be a parody? Because I really can't tell. It certainly has all of the hallmarks of one, what with the ridiculous levels of pandering (male power fantasy, escapism etc.) and goofy character-designs.. . Another reviewer claimed that it's better than Sword Art Online, which is a fair comparison, but I have to disagree on the conclusion; in the very least SAO had some tension, while in Shangri-La the protagonist is constantly yelling and overreacting to everything happening, but... y'know... no one can actually die in this game! That's right, there is no risk of bodily harm, which makes you wonder ...
This show follows the MC who has a bad reputation due to his father’s deeds. He despises this along with his own character and travels to a different place where in order to improve himself, however, he ends up in a situation where he is challenged even further.. . Plot: 2/5. This anime intensively makes use of fan service and comedy in every episode which completely overrides “significant” plot developments and butchers the main story. By excessive fan service and comedy, I mean unrealistic awkward situations that occur. The events seem completely random at times. There was an attempt to create a romantic atmosphere, however, this was executed ...
'Bubble' is really two movies for the price of one. The first movie is a sci-fi apocalyptic retelling of 'The Little Mermaid'. The second movie is... parkour.. What I can say about the first movie is that it has an intriguing premise. Unfortunately, that's where my praise ends. The characters are largely undeveloped and their motivations ignored. As a result, the climax and resolution feel hollow. The character design went above and beyond in differentiating the cast through accessories and quirks, but all of this means nothing when we learn nothing about them as people during the film.. What I can say about the ...
Horrible adaptation of another gacha game. But beware of a long-read. If you not sure whether to read or not, check my profile for highest and lowest rated things to know how differently we perceive the media.. . First thing I want to mention is my background, to help you understand my thoughts. I am a big fan of huge detailed worlds, with or without magic, of logic, of drama, and of course of quality. By being open minded, I value things no matter it's genre and medium, whether it is a game, mobile one, series, books or anything else. And while in my gacha-world-exploration time I ...
I enjoyed the first season, though I wasn't as over the moon as many others seemed to be. It was fun, mocking classical isekai plots, but the second season totally falls flat. The plot is as nonsensical as the first season, but this time it doesn't feel ironic, resulting in long exposition heavy scenes that are just really boring. The animation budget has been reduced, too. the comedy isn't as funny anymore and to cover for that, they massively increased the cringe and ecchie levels, which isn't for everyone, certainly not for me. After 6 episodes, I really wanted to drop this show and I ...
This OVA has serious problems. The pacing is so slow the first 10 minutes felt like an hour. Took all my willpower not to hit the fast-forward button to speed it up. I would estimate 70% of this anime is just panning shots. Imagine a 20 second long left-to-right camera shot of a rock, a cave, or a street sign, that's how absurd the pacing is. Way too many scenes of people standing around without any dialogue. The story itself is completely generic, something about ancient spirits possessing kids. All the characters are unlikable. The animation is muddy and lacks any detail. There are only ...
Ugh, what's there to say. This is such a great concept but it's ruined by absolutely garbage animations and terrible glacial pacing. I had to speed up the show to 1.25x speed to keep myself from outright quitting it. The writing is pretty bad for the most part too but I can completely forgive it if the concept is enticing or the animations are great, sadly it's only the concept itself which keeps me interested.. . Luckily it's only the first season which is so atrociously bad, luckily it improves somewhat in every single aspect with the start of season two.. . I wouldn't really recommend watching this show ...
This isn’t a show I’m that passionately angry about like Rent-A-Girlfriend but it is a show that I have no choice but to recognize as the objectively worst show I have ever seen. This show has nothing. The main character is the most obvious Mary Sue I have ever seen. It’s somehow worse than Kirito because at least in SAO they attempted to make him edgy. In Beast Tamer this dude (I still don’t know his name) may as well be Jesus with how unbelievably perfect he is (without the charisma of course). He does not have a personality. And the girls are no better. ...
This is a show I get surprisingly passionate about. I honestly thought about putting it higher simply because of how much of a reaction I get out of watching it. Unlike many other shows on this list, it’s not boring and there was never a dull moment. I wouldn’t say I was invested in it, but it always had my full attention when watching it and I plan to continue watching it because of masochism or something idk. That being said, what sounds like a complement in actuality is what I hate most about this show. This is a dumpster fire that I simply cannot ...
Everyone working on this show should be arrested and I honestly feel like I need some jail time just for watching it. I heard it was the worst of the worst so I gave it a shot and yup. It was. Ok so the premise of the show is this high schooler finds out his 12 year old sister draws erotica for him and so they fall in love. It’s a lot worse than it sounds. There are so many shots of her ass and thighs that just make me cringe and feel disgusting. So many shots of her panties or shots down her shirt. ...
The synopsis lied to me and it was really disappointing. I heard it was about a fake bitch and a dude who wanted to blackmail her. I thought it was going to be a twisted romance with terrible people kinda like Phantom Thread. But they resolve and forgive all that by the second episode. Her being an attention seeking whore is practically forgotten by the 5th episode and the dude who blackmailed her was apparently never in the wrong to begin with. He ‘just wanted an excuse to talk to her’, which was the most disappointing part because when he was blackmailing her, his chipper ...
They took the whole ‘not much happens, feel good’ thing way too far. Now some of my favorite shows and movies are things where not much happens. My Neighbor Totoro, K-On!, Horimiya, Tsukigakirei; all of these have nothing going for it plot-wise but are some of my all time favorites. But this show had me straight snoozing. I thought I would like it because the premise said that the main characters were already a couple, which is not something you see much. I loved that aspect in Horimiya and Tsukigakirei so I thought a show where you just see a couples life could be wholesome ...
It’s so sweet that I feel like I need to spit it out and gag. That is not a good thing. It’s like everything is too perfect and ideal that it’s revolting. This is the innocent “all I want to do is cuddle with my cute girlfriend” type of feel to it. It’s like when people are being all lovey dovey and you just have to say ‘get a room’, and then this show brings us in that room to watch. It’s uncomfortable. It’s like two middle schoolers who think they are romantic doing the cringiest shit and you’re forced to watch. This had to ...
The foundation of this show is surprisingly solid. It has a great premise and it makes adequate use of it. But there is a lot holding this show back from being good. First I guess I’ll talk about what I enjoyed. As I said before, the premise is pretty good. Basically the Future Diaries allow its users to see aspects of the future (depending on the host) which they can change. However the other users are also aware of these changes so it comes down to mind games to see who can outsmart the other and who can outsmart the diaries themselves. These mind games ...
Honestly I can’t even tell you why this show pisses me off like it does. It’s pretty basic and formulaic but it is so pretentious, like it thinks it is so smart. It’s acting like My Teen Romantic Comedy SNAFU which is actually smart, but it just has no fucking idea what it’s talking about. They try to do the whole social commentary thing but it land flat on it’s fucking face. It was so in your face that any nuance just went right out the fucking window. I mean it was like that in SNAFU as well but at least that one had something ...
A lot disappointed me about this show. This is a really bland and uninteresting cast. I was really disappointed by the main character Nasa because in his first couple scenes, he seemed like a really interesting character. He was kind of a narcissistic cocky asshole who would do anything to get what he wanted. I mean it’s not a good trait but at least it’s something I haven’t seen before in a romcom protagonist so I was interested. But it turns out he’s just another dumbass nervous shy goody-two-shoes. Tsukasa is just a bunch of anime cliches but it also always seems like she’s hiding ...
This brings the main issues of 3 other shitty anime into one pile, Dangers of My Heart, Kubo Won’t Let Me Go Invisible, and Shikimori’s Not just a Cutie (autocorrect is still trying to correct the title lol). We have a show that abandons and doesn’t do anything with its premise (I think I never finished it), it’s extremely unenergetic AND there is no conflict and everyone is perfect all the time. I can’t tell if this is a shoujo or not. Literally what is this show’s demographic? No one has any personality. I mean the premise is pretty solid but they don’t do anything ...
You know, I don’t really mind when a show divulges (or better yet evolves) from its premise, even if it was character based. Of course as the character grows, motivations change and the circumstance changes with it. Like in Love is War, the whole premise is trying to get the other to confess, but when they get together, that premise is gone, but still because of how the characters were developed, there was still a lot more story to tell. The premise evolved and changed. That is a good series. But I’m sorry, you cannot just forget your premise of, oh yeah, your main character ...
This show has so much more than just incest. You have affairs, teachers sleeping with her students (who is also her brother), sex between strangers (who later become siblings) and just a whole lot of bullshit. It’s not as fun as it sounds. This shit is painful. Hina’s a bitch, Rui could have been a great character but she’s in love with her brother, the best character is a slut but she doesn’t get any screen time, the main character is a stupid dumbass and my favorite scene is his best friend making fun of his sister. This was so uncomfortable to sit through. I ...
I feel like I’ve seen this show before. Not like deja vu but more like everything is the exact same to every other rom com on this list. Every character I've seen before. Every plot point I've seen before. They just changed the packaging. That’s how I feel about most of these shows. Why is the mystery element ‘which one of these girls was my childhood friend?’ and why is this a common plotline? Who cares? That was when you were a child, even if it turns out to be a completely different girl it doesn’t fucking change your current feelings so I don’t know ...
You know, you’d think a show about 2 girls making out would be more memorable but I honestly forgot to put it on this list (the old list) until 2 weeks after making it. This is a show with beautiful aspects and interesting main characters, but it’s mostly forgettable. I don’t remember any of the side characters, other than ‘the bartender is lesbian’ and ‘this dude is definetly into ntr’. The main characters are likable enough but it does get frustrating to watch them. The main girl is asexual I think so it’s nice to see her learn to love, but at the same time ...
This has the dumbest premise to any show I've ever seen. Fucking Abunai Sisters made more sense because of how nonsensical it was. This show drops the worst premise then asks you to roll with it and take it seriously. So the high school just forces random students in a relationship, forces them to live together, then grades them on how good of a couple they are? Then, only if they are the best couple can they can break up? What the fuck??? They don’t explain or explore this premise at all, it's just an excuse to put these characters in these stupid ass circumstances. ...
I have never seen a show so uninterested in itself. Like genuinely this show is so unenergetic. Like with most shitty anime rom coms, the issue is it’s too energetic and it gets annoying. But this shit had me dozing off. Like Kubo is supposed to be this tease who messes with the protagonist, the cheeky one y'know? But even she seems sleepy. I don’t know if it’s just the acting or what but everyone sounds so bored. This is the most white bread anime I’ve ever seen. I’m not even sure if I finished it, not gonna lie. There was a weird hiatus when ...
Bro what the fuck, where’s the rest of show? It had a great premise and I was really enjoying it but then it just fucking stopped. Nothing got explained, nothing got resolved, it just… ended. Like it said fuck you, go read the manga. It was a goddamn teaser trailer not a fucking tv show. Man this could have been a 6 or even 7/10 if they just fucking finished the show. Goddamn. I looked up the manga and it litereally doesn’t have that many chapters, just fucking finish it you goddamn cowards. Fuck, I hate that shit. You had such a good premise and ...
You know I was actually having a fun time with this one. I liked the premise. I liked the chemistry and dynamic of the main characters. I liked the budding romance. I liked the characters as a whole. I liked the drama and conflict. It was all pretty solid (I would like to point out this is all in anime romcom terms, it would still be cringe even if I stopped here). But there was one thing that pissed me off so much that I just couldn’t enjoy the show anymore. It was only in the last couple episodes but it ruined the entire show ...
This is another shoujo that I heard was pretty good, and even had great reviews on Letterboxd. But looking at it in hindsight it’s kinda… weird. Like in From Me To You, it was a romance between the least popular girl in school, the one everyone bullies, and the most popular guy in school. Ok, that’s something that girls can relate to and desire. Makes sense. Forbidden love, classic. But in this show it’s: “wait, those two people who get along perfectly well to the point that we have a pairing name for them fall in love!??!?!??!??! But, she’s tall and he’s short???? Impossible. Inconceivable. ...
Okay so his dude dates 2 girls openly at the same time and I’m assuming he gets the other 2 later in the manga. Yup. Fucking Christ, why am I watching this shit? I will not watch season 2, I refuse to. I actually showed this one to my brother as a warning not to venture on his own in anime like I did. I will not lose another to the void. I will not have him saying to me, “hey [redacted]? I watched Domestic Girlfriend.” If that happens I think it’s just time to put him down. But... here’s the thing. The most difficult ...
I have a bad habit of seeing a fucked up or retarded premise or title, saying “what the fuck is this?” and then clicking on it. And then at that point I’m enthralled and interested saying “ok what the fuck, where the hell is this going” and when that happens, I’m past the point of no return. I don’t know why I do that but I do it every time making me put shit like this on the list for the whole world to see. I could just leave it off the list, no one will know. In all honesty I’m tempted. But no. I ...
Warning: I use an actual fucking show to explain my points. The word ‘edgy’ is quite frequently used as criticisms for things that try to be dark. This is an edgy show. But what do I mean by that? What is the difference between dark and edgy as far as shows and characters go? In this review I will be using 2 examples of exceptional dark shows/characters in comparison to this show to explore this aspect and explain why this show fails to enthrall me. For these examples I will use Daredevil and Thorfinn from Vinland Saga. The biggest difference I think between these two ...
This is the difference between satire and parody. After I announced my frustration with the rom com genre where I finally got fed up with its bullshit in Couple of Cuckoos, I saw the synopsis of this show about a girl absolutely refusing to be part of that bullshit. It was a parody of the genre and I was all for it. There were some really funny jokes in this show shitting on the tropes and cliches. Rom coms are almost always driven by coincidence and contrivances and so this show takes it to the max with literal magic manipulating the events to cause, what ...
I think the show has potential but it is held down by the production quality. There's nothing much going on with the story because it's pretty straightforward. However somehow they managed to make the storytelling worse compare to how it was done in the manga.. . It's a fighting genre so I always expect above average animation but eh. Literally just a slideshow and a little animation there and there with some help of cgi. Tbh the cgi is not bad and they could take credit for that.. . Move on to the art, I have a mix feeling about it as when it's great it's great but when ...
This show is about Yugi Mouto, who uses an enchanted pyramid-shaped puzzle named the Millennium Puzzle to turn into an Ancient Egyptian ruler, only for playing a card game. At first, it might sound fascinating, but the card game component is not. There are numerous filler episodes and seasons in the show beyond what the plot should have included. Some stories are interesting, but it's hard to ignore that the TV program makes a very big deal, even life or death, out of a simple card game.. . Seto Kaiba, the young CEO of Kaiba Corporation, has turned the "Duel Monsters" card game into 3D and is ...
Title: " Isekai Betrayal: Ruthless Critique of 'Isekai de Cheat Skill wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Genjitsu Sekai wo mo Musou Suru: Level Up wa Jinsei wo Kaeta' ". . Despite its promising title, this anime betrays any isekai expectations within the first few minutes. The very essence of the genre, the exploration of a fantastic parallel world, is sacrificed for a clichéd romance involving a popular high school student. Isekai elements are confined to a negligible fraction of the story, leaving fans of the genre bitterly disappointed.. . The misguided use of CGI during action sequences is a glaring disgrace. Despite commendable character designs, the series opts ...
The first season was somewhat okay for me, but ever since the second season started, I have had issues with this anime.. . The explanations provided for things were present in the first season, so a good deal of stuff did not make sense to me.. The characters were introduced in a hurry and the show barely gave time for the audience to feel any sort of connection with the characters. The anime is full of female characters, strangely (mostly on the good side). The fodder and the bad guys have got male characters.. . Everything was super forgettable and did not ignite any interest for me. ...
Devilman is a unique character in the history of anime, as he is the first supernatural anti-hero. He was a demon who was sent to destroy humanity, but due to his human host's love for a girl, he decided to protect us from a coming genocide.. . Devilman was a daring show for its time. It portrayed demons possessing and killing innocent humans and each other, driven by their cruelty and thirst for power. Even close friends betrayed each other, leading to a gruesome end for most of the main characters and the apocalypse. These elements were quite captivating.. . The manga and anime versions of this story ...
I really wanted to like this more. Unfortunately, Promare peaks early on (the trailer... it's the scene from the trailer) and goes on to lose the plot and rehash Gurren Lagann way too many times for me to respect it as an independent work. It ends up attempting a play-by-play of key moments in Gurren Lagann that are super predictable and feel really phoned in. Too much action, not enough character time, not enough plot. Many fun moments, but it's a tough sell for people who aren't super into the concepts and animation. It's all flash, no substance, and the one memorable scene is... super ...
Usually I avoid writing negative reviews because I feel like if you have nothing nice to say then don’t say anything at all. Exceptions are either 1.) If I’m interested in the fandom/concept enough 2.) to give constructive criticism and help indecisive anime fans to discern if it’s for them or not. This is none of these cases but if it would most likely be the latter. Also I kind of feel the need to justify why I dropped this anime and why I think it’s so bad that it’s not simply worth not watching, it’s appalling.. . Story 0.5/10. First of all I want to ...
The audience’s reception of Vinland Saga S2 has been pretty bipolar. On one hand, we have the fans saying Thorfinn has had fantastic character development and is now a very wise and mature figure, while on the other hand, critics say this season was slow and boring like a farming simulator. However, very few people seem to share my main issue with the show.. . Thorfinn is a hardcore pacifist, which is alright, but the show tries to present him and his philosophy as *THE* right way to live your life, and that anyone who uses violence has yet to come to the “enlightenment” that Thorfinn has ...
Watching the 999 TV series then the movies back to back was a pretty bad case of whiplash. The first movie missing all the important parts of the TV series, the sense of a long journey and the character growth Tetsuro went through. The second movie felt like just a remix of the same plot points of the first. And then this movie, that just feels like a total disconnect from everything.. . Starts off bad right off the bat, you see the 999 flying and its rendered in hideous CGI. This is perhaps a bit of a contentious topic as CG becomes more commonplace or generally ...
Step 1) make a show and name it after the main character. Step 2) make the main character the only one who doesn't matter after season 1. . I genuinely cannot understand how so many shows do this. The writing has gone to shit, the action may as well be non-existent, nothing makes sense, and the main plot may as well have been dropped for several side-plots that ultimately add up to nothing but more characters to make the MC even less important by giving up precious screen time to whoever ISN'T the Shield Hero. Did you care about the Spear Hero? What about the Sword Hero? No? ...
Hentai is dying.. . Just another generic production of Studio T-Rex.. Poorly animated sprites that are accelerated and decelerated to produce the sensation of movement.. Decent voice acting ruined by the animators completely ignoring anything related to lip-syncing and coordination in sound production.. Non-existent plot and plain characters, although this one is on me for expecting anything at all.. . At this point, its only redeeming quality is that it is 1080p 60fps. However, everything has THE SHINE.. What is "the shine"? One may ask. The shine is that stupid compulsion that every studio nowadays has to make every part of the female body flashy and dazzling. They neglect every aspect needed ...
The first series of Goblin Slayer was pretty good on the whole but even here there were elements of all the female characters being in love with the MC. But in the second series, it's been almost every episode. If this anime was just a fantasy anime about killing goblins, revenge, and similar fantasy elements, it would be much better. Goblin Slayer, for me, is one of those anime that you have to be ashamed of in front of people who don't watch anime for the exact reason that it's full of half-naked girls.. The animations are pretty okay but even the dialogues of the characters ...
ok i dont even know how to start this. Ive been holding on this series... dunno why... but after so much time and the good rating i finaly gave it a try.. Oh boy what a ride it was. It so bad overall, and i dont understand this ratings at all.. For start the art... Its horrible, its like a 80's american cartoon. Does not feel or look like a anime at all. The same with the fights look like old cartoon soo bad. The anotomy its a joke, they make strange poses all the time... and all that talk... simples & stupid talk during fights... but ...
Honestly speaking, this anime was so good in Season 1 with the fight scenes, world-building, and how they genuinely showed the development of relationships between different characters. However, I feel like now they've just really thrown that all down the drain and focused on world-building and simple story-telling. I had loads of hope for this isekai after watching season 1, and now I just can't feel as interested anymore knowing that Rudeus isn't the same character as he was before.. . Honestly speaking, after watching three episodes, I got a bit disinterested and cringed a little bit at some of the scenes. It's not a show I'd ...
If you've never watched Gundam before, you will hate this.. If you're a fan of Gundam Build Fighters and Divers, you will hate this.. If you're watching this after the Witch from Mercury, you will hate this.. If you're a fan of Gundam in general, will hate this.. This anime is complete nonsense and is just a cheap ad for Bandai's upcoming Gundam Metaverse, which was doomed to fail from the start. This is nothing but a big waste of time. The story is nonsensical and the fights are non-interesting and holds no weight. And even the timeline itself makes no sense. They brought back characters from Build Fighters ...
Wow. I'm speechless, after spending over 4 hours watching this truly one-of-a-kind anime, I have yet to process the feelings it bestowed upon thyself. One will go to extreme measures for entertainment, no doubt. However, for the love of god, this is NOT the solution to your boredom. I went into this show thinking: "How bad can it be?" and bad it was. SO BAD, so bad that I think of the times of me watching this as a traumatic memory and my brain attempts to cover it up. Now, why would you watch the full season? I'm sure you're wondering, and to that I ...
I'm really disappointed with this season.. The flow of the story was really good in the first season, but the work became inclined toward unjustified darkness and bloodiness, with many manipulative scenes being shown that tended to be a psychological illness, and for everyone who thinks that this might add to the plot of the story, I would like to tell you that the author He really exaggerated in showing completely unjustified scenes and some disgusting scenes.. However, it contained clearly offensive matters, and I am truly sorry for what I am about to say, but it is With suspicion of pedophilia.. In conclusion, I am really disappointed ...
The emotion most prevalent throughout my watchtime of this show was most definitely confusion. It feels like some parts are too short, others way too long and some parts just shouldn't be in there. Some characters act so odd it's just ridiculous, it's like they outsourced their thought process to a primate in their local zoo. The french arc was so weird with pacing and how it started and ended, just nothing flowed well and then they just abruptly ended interaction with the 2 french characters after like 4 episodes, made no sense maybe the arc in the manga was good but idk.. . The character decision ...
Pupa is quite possibly the worst anime that I have ever seen. Actually, scratch that, Pupa might actually be the worst media in general that I have ever consumed. The art style is not the worst that I have ever seen, but it has to be close. The animation appears rushed, as does the voice acting throughout the show. It's almost as if the entire creation of the show was an absolute farce with zero passion or effort put into production. I can only assume the budget of the ONA was about equal to a tuna sandwich, because it genuinely looks horrid. The characters are ...
- Slight Spoiler for EP.1 like 5ish minutes in -. . I truly have never had the pleasure of watching such a horrendous show , its is quite a blessing on this round earth to know that we as intellectual beings can create such magnificent garbage. I knew we were truly in for the mightiest and grandest of all stinkers when i got about 5 minutes into episode 1 and the dude chucks a carrot at a dragon and it blows up. I was truly perplexed. If you're a thrill seeker or a masochist this is you're magnum opus of hilarious bad , i personally couldnt withstand ...
I would like to say that I liked this series but can't. Most of the time it just tried to explain the story and evolve it. Forgetting to develop the caracters. Left the viewer not caring about the characters and what will happen to them.. . story 4/10. The series left too many open questions along the way and it was a shock that it got it all together in the end making some sense. The end result though isn't very good and because the big buildup the rushed end was just disappointing. Good thing in the story is the way it is built toward the ...
A Mediocre Blend of Music and Mystery. . In the realm of anime, where musical themes and mystery-solving narratives intertwine, HaruChika: Haruta to Chika wa Seishun Suru attempts to captivate viewers with its unique blend of genres. However, despite its promising premise, the series falls short in delivering a compelling and engaging experience.. . Mystery that Fails to Intrigue. . The central mystery element of HaruChika revolves around Haruta, a high school student with a keen ear for music, and Chika, a tomboyish classmate with a passion for music. Together, they form a brass band club and embark on a series of investigations, unraveling school secrets and hidden truths.. . While the ...
With all of the Isekai garbage that comes out every year, there's always at-least one or two that present a spark of hope in the long line of unoriginality, boring tropes and uninteresting worlds.. . It's from the temporary subversion of this expectation, that this show will you leave you feeling dead inside. Like a real assassin has stabbed you in the back and twisted the blade until your insides are nothing but jelly.. . The production, music, visuals, and animation are all utterly stellar. The opening especially is just magnificent as-well, but all of these solid elements only serve to heighten expectations to an insane degree, along ...
-- Preamble --. This is a preliminary review. The series is still airing, and when I have finished watching, this review will be updated.. . -- Story --. It's the love story between an innocent high-schooler and her older... what, exactly? Brother? Father figure? Family, friend. The relationship is hard to label, because he was looking after her when they were both young, and now as an adult he is still looking out for her. There is no blood relation, but the series doesn't really clearly define it besides having romantic feelings abound.. . In any case, the pacing is very gentle and slow, especially regarding the relationship development. Now, a ...
The name Jun Maeda might ring a bell to fans of anime adaptations of visual novels from Key that were popular in the 2000s and early 2010s like Kanon, Air, and Clannad with his involvement in their writing. These titles were well known for having light comedy mixed in with heavy drama, romance, and fantasy elements that pushed things rather heavily with suspension of disbelief. Unfortunately, pushing out the same type of storytelling formula with all your works can lead to audiences tiring of someone’s creative works over time. Such is the case with Maeda’s most recent anime made, The Day I Became a God, ...
If you like rooting for a punching bag who is so dumb and ineffective that even a trained rat would perform 20 times better at resolving the problems faced by him, then this is your show. I had to finish it because my wife sat me through it since she can't leave a story unfinished, but when it was over she told me never to speak a word about it.. Unrealistic because his choices are dumb beyond human comprehension, unlikable because of the poor emotional control. Sad because can't get things done for himself, even thing that he should.. . That MC should be considered an ...
The overall concept of this show is interesting, I’ll give it that.. . I am the type of person that loves a good “down on their luck MC,” who then discovers/is gifted an ability to do something they couldn’t before. Then, decides to save the world with their new capability that concurrently brings them on a journey to discover themself.. . However, while Denji fits some of this criteria, the reasoning for his motive makes me dislike him as a protagonist. The thing that drives him to do what he does is: he’s a horny teenager, and he doesn’t want to die a virgin. This is ...
U should be warned!. What should I say about this Anime other than wtf is that!! Why do we need a 26 old man with an 15y old high school female in situations they definitely should not be in. This kind of fetishism in anime should not be supported in any way.. . Story:. Isaku Senagaki has been feared by those around her because her grandfather Tasuke is the third Senagaki yakuza boss. She gives up on her unrequited crush on Keiya Utō and enrolls in high school to have a normal love life, but Keiya fakes his age and enrolls in the same school to protect ...
This anime is objectively bad, even without adding grotesque imagery to the equation.. . [Plot: 1 star for 'Apalling']. . Let's start with the plot, shall we? Shoujo Tsubaki is a 47-minute movie divided into three acts. The 1st act serves to set up the rest of our MC's (Midori's) sufferings and life journey, but the plot points of this 1st act can be told only within 5 minutes, while the rest serves as mindless torture porn. There's no suspense, (IMO) no thrill, no exploration of the characters (for both the MC and side characters), and I think this act will be the hardest part for anyone to watch.. . Surprisingly, ...
So I checked the this anime recently over top on my animelist so I sit down and watched this show to the end I mean watching it like a owl in the night but after I feel ashamed what I watched a grown ass otakus reincarnated into a 16 old girls sons the plot makes no.. . So many plot holes in this anime how the director accepts the aqua to host a actor in the show without parents signature or guardians signature to let their child act but no,oh my god the waifus is so sexy man kana🎂mim cho🍨Ruby🍺oh wow what a pair of boobs and ...
This show is so bad it actually made me write a review for the first time. And the reason why I'm more annoyed with it, us because it had a somewhat interesting premise that lured me in.. But the whole plot was reduced to an edgy, boring anime with zero character development, zero world building, zero logic, over used plot armour for the main character, mindless killing and gore. No character is interesting enough for me to care about their deaths.. . The main character comes off as just an edge Lord protected with ridiculous plot armour. The supporting girl is an annoying pure girl archetype, written ...
Note: I only made it to episode five. At that point, I just couldn't take it anymore.. . I really don't know who would recommend this anime. I knew from episode one that it was going to be bad. Despite that, I pushed on. All I really wanted was good action and decent comedy. Lord knows I wasn't going to get a halfway decent story out of this pile of garbage. Nope, I set my expectations low. As low as they could be. Even with that, this anime fails. Lets start with the story, if you can call it that. In that aspect, it start out pretty ...
One of the most boring anime I've watched in a long time. Nothing happens. It's fine that a viking-based anime doesn't have action. But where action lacks, there needs to be a better story, dialogue or something to carry it. None of that was noticeably better than the next anime. Fanboys will tout the character development, but it was mediocre. I really don't see what's the big deal. The best argument for the anime is a setup for a further part of the story, in which case, maybe it raises the overall ranking of the whole show. But this specific season was incredibly painful to ...
As someone that loved the first season, this second season is disappointing. The animation kept its quality, but there's no plot! We are faced with a few side quests for our heroine, but none of them build up into actual content for the series or character growth. If you were to skip some episodes in the middle, you wouldn't even notice (like episodes 4, 5 and 6).. Only the first scene of the first episode is amazing in this series, but this scene is thrown at you on episode 1 only to receive a bland continuation on episode 9. It's a huge bait!. In this season, the ...
The plot is virtually nonexistent. There is almost no worldbuilding. The characters are incredibly one-dimensional and there is no attempt to give bad guys any actual depth. There is not even an attempt to explain how power levels work or to be consistent across characters or even within the same character. The art looks like it would have been mediocre 20 years ago and the animation is...meh, at best.. . This anime feels like it was written by, and for, a 10 year old. I do not recommend this anime for pretty much anyone. Don't waste your time.. . Here's some extra words.
Main character is stupid and weak,the story is awful,so the story is this guy gone to another world and wasn't shocked at all and when he dies he comes back to life,and then tries to change the events! Which I think he deserves to die!here is why:. don't know why did people rate this anime high,guess the anime fans overrate anything!. He doesn't try to get some skill to protect his loved ones,he has infinite time yet no brain!. But the real problem is he isn't charming at all but for some reason people like him!?! It isn't believable! He isn't cool or powerful anything,just a looser! ...
It's a shame that the horror genre of anime is such a sparse one, as the horror genre holds plenty of potential for creative concepts and compelling stories, especially when paired with its natural companion genre, mystery. Naturally, the idea of a mystery horror anime based on the works of H. P. Lovecraft, one of the more notable contributors to the horror genre, is a promising one. Alas, Housing Complex C can barely be called a horror or mystery anime. Its myriad strange writing decisions and nakedly manipulative presentation elicit far more questions than its barely-there plot and cast of barely-characters, and never to positive ...
[Story] 0 - The feelings of a sadistic boy for a masochist girl.. [Art] 7- Characters true to their manga designs, high quality animation.. [Sound] 7 - Creative use of sound/music. Nothing too special and memorable besides theme song.. [Character] 0-The two main characters are sadist and masochist. Side characters with bad personalities like the main characters. The only good people in the anime are their mothers.. [Enjoyment] 0 - I wanted to smash the monitor for the first 30 minutes. I could barely stop myself. Actually, since it is a popular romantic anime, I thought maybe I would like it if I continued it. ...
In terms of art style, the aesthetic is dreadful and bland. And the animation is incredibly basic. I suppose the 3D model resembles something from the 90's or 00's.. . There is are no real characters to speak about. In addition, there is no story. Character development consists of a dancing blob. The dancing doesn't improve, so I guess there isn't any development. The blob doesn't learn from past mistakes, not exactly well-rounded.. . Enjoyment? None. I'd rather watch Nami on repeat with my eyes held open by paperclips.. . Overall, I suggest you avoid this anime. You will not get back these 30 seconds of your life. Why waste it ...
It seems I'm not the only one who felt this film was seriously let down by the intimate scene at the end.. Up until that point it was a pretty decent film, nothing extraordinary but it was a pretty sweet, enjoyable love story.. As a queer man I have become a lot more weary of "BL" titles than I was as a teen, due to the unhealthy depictions of M/M relationships and the blatant fetishisation. I got my hopes up watching this.. The animation is nice and if it had been longer it could have been a solid love story. It had pretty decent depictions of masking and ...
Tackling the reality that people actually die in real life can be an interesting focus, considering that all of this could happen to literally anyone at any time. Stories revolving the realization and process of death should be very moving, at least to those who have never experienced this type of thing and to those who have an affinity for these type of shows which should be cathartic.. . I am of the latter persuasion and dealing with grief is definitely my wheelhouse. You might even say I have an unhealthy obsession with it. Unfortunately this 2 hour forced cliché dumster fire is neither cathartic nor pleasant; ...
Indistinguishable from mediocre edgelord garbage. Harem for no reason? Yes. Shadow darkness morally gray chunibyo one-liners and goofy poses? Yes. OP MC playing around and removing all stakes from everything? Yes. Generic magic swordplay high school? Flashing light action with mid animation? Pretending to be weak? Yes to it all. It's a series of bad cliches with no substance.. . This show isn't parody (as there is no distance from what it would be parodying), but is a comedy genre-wise, as well as a gory action isekai. However, I wouldn't say it was particularly funny or had good action. I think the target demo for this is ...
This anime is a really poor attempt to be a successor to Initial D.. . Judged purely on its own merits, MF Ghost is a dime a dozen shonen or seinen racing anime, and while including all of the tropes that don't make it fun without any of the charm. Saying the characters are bland are an understatement, I can hardly remember a single one of their names let alone their cardboard cut out personalities.. . The main issue with MF Ghost are its attempts to be a successor or sequel of any sort to Initial D. Sequels build and grow the world it existed in prior, MF Ghost ...
Let’s keep it simple…this show has a lot of flaws and unanswered questions, however its main flaws can be summarized into 2 people, Tada and Kouko. Let’s begin…. . Story - The story has a basic premise. Boy has amnesia, doesn’t remember his past. Makes a new life. Love triangle happens due to the past coming back. That’s the tldr version of it. No it’s not deep but it tries to be, I would love to talk about the story but that’s not where the problem lies…(score: 5/10). . Characters - (Now THIS is the problem). Let’s start with the main MC. Banri…at some parts his reactions and actions ...
Episode 8, I didn't even get halfway through the episode. The new lady and dude that came in were awful, absolutely atrocious. We learn very early on the Jujutsu whatever doesn't have a lot of people in it anymore, and that the pinkie dude "died" (they don't know he's alive again) and the lady is teasing them about it asking how they feel in a stupid tone of voice like wtf dude. Then the buff dude that's apparently a second year in high school but looks at LEAST 30, asked doggy summon dude what's his taste in woman. He basically say's he has no particular ...
This show snatched defeat from the jaws of the passable. It is a HUGE disappointment. Initially, the uncle and nephew's banter was pretty good, and the uncle in general was hilarious. I enjoyed having a different perspective on the classic garbage isekai story up until episodes 5ish: halfway through the show I fully internalized that it is not a slow burn towards the uncle's self-actualization or part of his journey to perhaps return, or bring his companions to his world, but is instead a watch party for a boring story about a man refusing to grow up.. . Is this perhaps a commentary on garbage isekai? ...
Berserker of Gluttony is truly a good example. A good example of how to subvert the lowest of expectations, and then subvert them further by being even worse. I’ve seen people say the show had potential, ‘’’binge-worthy’’’ even. The only way this slop would be worth bingeing is if you’re an insomniac, because by episode three you’d be fast asleep. Most everything I’m going to say about this snore-fest is simply objective.. . Outside of the story and world, in short the character designs are either bad or uninspired, the animation is un-exciting, the music is there and voice acting is the normal affair for any slop ...
This show had a promising first episode. The premise and establishing of the world and rules were well done.. Very quickly with the use of cliché you know what is the logic of this world.. . The art is really top notch for such a show.. CG is good, well integrated.. Animation quality is on the higher side.. Sound is good, not awful not stunning just good.. . Story? Excuse me, what story? Was there any story to beginning?. In both medium, the story takes forever to take off and this is what I feel will be a major disservice for the anime adaptation. It should be a 24 or 26 episode run instead ...
This is a anime about Games, but it doesn't bother to explain all the rules of the game until the MC reveals a secret rule to suddenly win a game when it appeared he was going to lose. I'll explain in detail.. . Game animes are fun and I enjoy them, No Game No Life being like one of the best examples of all time. Typically the formula is that the rules of the game are explained, then the MC and Antagonist try to figure out ways to play the game to their advantage. This might involve a loop hole, or unspoken rule, or some clever ...
This anime has nothing to say. It has no point in existing other than being a power fantasy. It has no themes, no worldbuilding, the bare minimum of character development. All around just a waste of time. It only exists for lonely teenagers to self insert themselves into role of the MC and imagine they're the ones doing all the uber powerful stuff and getting a harem of girls that worship their every move. You will not gain anything from watching this. No greater understanding of life and purpose like you would from Berserk, nor the ability to accept yourself for who you are, faults ...
Oh man, how I had hope this could somehow surprise us and be a good show, but alas, I was wrong.. . . plot:. Goro is your standard virgin high school coward boy who has a crush on a girl named Honoka, one day he gets a text message he thinks is spam, says he wants to fool around with Honoka, and to his surprise Honoka than asks him out the next day. However, Honoka really just wants to kill him because they're part of a death game now.. . . This show is really boring, which for a death game genre, is not good. overlooking the obvious, the CGI isn't ...
This is what happens when your gimmick of a character falls apart. All the characters in this anime are one dimensional, get boring after a couple of troupes are completed. Any character progression comes from new cast, but that too is shallow. The writing behind this is clearly very short sighted. After first season, the show is moving aimlessly in randoms directions. Had to drop this show after this nonsensical season. 2nd season was a joke, 3rd is better animated but without a strong story, its eating up budget from good stories from being animated. Loved the first season, but Noufomi's character is ...
This has got to be the worst piece of media I ever consumed.. . The characters are shallow as frick (avoiding swearing since I don't want this to be taken down), the protagonist makes me extremely furious and the writing is a thousand times worse than any other Harem Comedy I've ever watched. Only watch this bullcrap if you have some sort of mistress/dog fetish, then you're gonna get fed well with this one.. Otherwise stay the frick away from this, it's incredibly uncomfortable to watch and the writing of the protagonist seems to be suffering here the most. You can't sympathize with that loser in any shape ...
Im sorry for fans of this controversial anime/manga/light novel.. . I hate Mushoku tensei and i can say it loud now. I tried my hardest to at least give the first season a try. i finished it with very very mixed feelings but more on the disgusted side.. . This anime almost had a potential because of its world and mysteries surrounding it but thats all there is to it. I hate the forced Harem it portrays and the sexualization of kids. YES KIDS! ofc in their world their ages doesnt matter but you know, its still disgusting and force. And this season just proves it further more.. . Last season ...
This might be biggest disappointment this season. You don't need to know much about it to know why it's not worth your time except that it's one of those explore and learn about human feelings slop. The story is about a long lived elf whose fwens die (oh no~), so elf-chan needs to journey around retracing the steps she once took with them on her adventure to give the melodrama enthusiast some low quality cri pron.. . To accompany elf-chan on her adventure in stead of her boring and uninspired teammates, she finds an even more boring and uninspired kuudere. Together they travel the brilliantly uninspired world ...
The first episode reels you in and you think "Oh is this gonna be some deep, cold story that pulls you in like Inuyashiki or Madoka Magika?? Awesome!", but you'd be wrong. It has cool, goblin-killing action and team combos during fights, but that's it. You're not missing anything you haven't seen better elsewhere.. . Art: Solid / 10. Characters: Who?. Character-development: うん。ゴブリンじゃないな。そっか。. . Apparently there's a character minimum for reviews, but there's just not much to say. Alright, I guess I'll keep typing. OH YEA, why did his sister not want to leave the farm at the end?? She was literally just talking boobs.
This anime is so bad it has prompted me to write my first review on a show ever. Jujutsu kaisen has zero substance. It has a lackluster plot that makes zero sense and lackluster characters that are super one dimensional and boring. It is essentially a carbon copy of Naruto, except worse. It is impossible to get invested in any of the characters because they all only have one personality trait and there is no nuance. This show makes many attempts at humor that are just not funny at all. Literally falls flat every single time. Every time something remotely interesting happens the show switches ...
Empty, edgy, watching this anime it feels like the author just drew his edgy daydreams into reality, the humans are all evil for no reason theyre all npcs, sure you can be brainwashed but no way in hell theyre just cheering as a woman gets violated, even the king admits he just wants to be the superior race and witches did nun wrong, and yet literally every human in the show cheers as she gets her brains splattered right infront of them, after that the MC apparently plans his revenge for 10 years, but then he reveals himself and makes a giant golem in the ...
Easily could have been better, but it feels really amateurish and overly edgy.. . The premise and opening episode were what made me want to watch this show, but as time rolls on, I find myself less and less incentivized to watch the entirely predictable plot play out. The writing feels really amateurish, as if it's rushing too fast into so many plot points and not really giving any time to properly connect you with characters or the story. Instead, it tries to either be too edgy or too tragic in every episode and kills what could have been a cool show about a guy getting ...
I'm a stupid and I dunno what happened to me I was like fuck Imma give this shot let's see how it goes. I won't say I didn't like the first season but it was okay to me but they could end this shit in 1st season but no they this ass to s2 then s3 and so they will to S4. I lost hope from s2. But since I wasted my time in S2. So I thought Hey maybe this one might be the end of this shit. But nah this shit is becoming consistently predictable from every aspect.. So anyone who didn't like S1 ...
Have you ever seen an anime so bad that it's entertaining? This is one of them.. I wanted to like this, I really did, but eventually it didn't feel like even the anime took its job seriously anymore, so why should I?. I LOVED the game tales of phantasia, and was looking forward to watching its anime version, even if rushed.. Rushed? No. It wasn't in a rush, it never even tried to adapt the game, instead choosing to focus on side-characters and animate huge scenes that were never in the game to begin with.. It adapted exactly 1 scene from the game in total, which it changed severely.. The ...
This show is so bad I can't even tell you how bad it is without you watching it. I'd rather watch a show of Sonic fanfiction made by AI. The writing is so dry, it makes eating Saltines in Death Valley look wet.. . I'm pretty sure every good review is paid for, or is bots with ChatGPT, since every single one mentions episode six. Episode six isn't amazing btw. If you've watched anything besides Hello Kitty and Dora, you saw what was happening since episode one.. . The main character feels like a bad isekai self insert of how an introvert with no social ...
In the beginning of the episodes it was moving good but from 9th episode everything went so bad and disappointing that i wanted to drop it so badly i dont know how i kept watching it to the end.The thing that made me feel like droping this anime was:. . 1.Dog animation - they could have tried to use CGI less (mostly in the end). 2.Too fast finale - the end was moving so fast i feel like they could have made maybe like 16 episodes instead of 13 so the end would be better to watch. 3.Dog character development - the main character just got the easiest method ...
Doubutsu Tonarigumi is a propaganda film from the early days of World War II. Personally, I've always found this type of thing kind of interesting whether it's blatantly racist American comics or my own country scapegoating Jews for everything. In spite of the fact that Jewish people did nothing wrong. Let's see what some old-fashioned Japanese propaganda looks like.. . Story:. . The film is basically a series of snippets about the importance of having an organised neighbourhood association. They can pass on flyers, spread awareness of over-priced black markets trying to profit off of scarcity, put out fires, chase away pushy salesmen and shelter together in ...
First season was a lukewarm anime with a mannequin protagonist, bereft of any goals or desires, being swept up with the flow left and right. It had "ehe~"s, "ah~"s and "touya-san~"s that each woman had to moan separately, low quality battle scenes, shallow characters, low-effort service scenes, nauseating glorification of the protagonist and a storyline that makes the protagonist so powerful the only thing that stops him from resolving problems instantly is his wishy-washy attitude and imagined problems.. But it still had that isekai charm where new, exotic environments were introduced, and worldbuilding was progressing somewhat.. . Second season has none of the good things the first one ...
It's a story that sounds like a good idea when you try to explain it to others, but actual execution is nothing but plot conveniences and lack of logic. Characters also follow this trend of inability to think for themselves and doing whatever the story needs them to do at any given moment. It's as if thinking in this world is frowned upon. It also stinks really badly of harem anime, even though it's not.. . Our main character has been captured and has spent a significant time in imprisonment plotting his revenge in every minute detail. It's even explained to us that has prepared for revenge ...
Initial D inspired me to really try driving for fun and it worked!. MF Ghost inspired me to watch Initial D again because Initial D is just superior anime over MF Ghost.. . MF Ghost relies to heavily on nostalgia for Initial D, and the original parts of its own are just too boring to care about. The main character in MF Ghost is entirely unrelatable, he's from another country and comes to Japan to find his dad and just happens to be an amazing driver by the way. While Initial D's main character is a high schooler who's been forced to drive deliveries for his dad and ...
Upon the briefest of inspection, this anime is nothing. The first several minutes is soulless ‘and-then’ story-telling that manages to even go below the lowest of anticipated expectations of how described by its title the story would play out. I’m not going to dig into the animation, although I am insulted that this worthless ‘story’ even got adapted from the start, even by something that is obviously a low-budget project. That being said, I unironically believe some of the background stills are partially or fully A.I generated in some instances, but who can blame the animators for phoning it in on such a lack-lustre project. ...
The anime revolves around a boy named Ittoki Sakuraba, who is the next leader of his ninja village; he has mixed feelings about taking such a responsibility as his family hid this information from him until their hand was forced by an opposing village.. The anime starts off slow, which I don't mind as the action also fills in that gap later on in the first episode. However, I felt that the writer tried to make the MC appear clumsy but cool, which did not work out well cause I viewed him to be annoying and a burden especially to the villagers that were trying ...
One of the most disappointing series i've ever watched, wanted to watch a bloody, psychological action show which is what i got... for the first 5 minutes before the show then proceeded to spend most of it's screen time devoted to boring sol with bland forgettable characters. . It feels like the people who made this went "should we make a psychological show with themes of morality and alienation or a goofy harem comedy? i don't know let's try both". . I would feel scammed if i payed any money to watch this show because the tags really don't describe what the majority of this show is actually ...
The animation is good and the characters designs looks great, BUT if there is not going to be a specific plot, at least there should be a character relationship development. However, here we have woman that is a total loser, acts like a spoiled teen, can't hold her drinking and is completely stupid and irresponsible. How is that cute? I don't get these clumsy immature characters at all. People must think that every Japanese person is like this, if this is the message they are portraying on their art. Therefore, if you have time to waste, the art is good, but other than that there ...
I really did want to enjoy it, the initial setup for it was interesting enough, however Mashle is way to focused on giant fights and comedy to be anything but that. Its world building is pretty much non-existent, the characters are mostly one note, theres very little time to work on any establishing factors or even just the world itself. Within the first 12 episodes the power scaling has already gone above and out of the 'school' level, we've seen like 5 different ex-machina's that are meant to make a character cool and unique and the rules for the world, its magic and all the ...
High Score Girl II is the second season of the romantic comedy and 90s nostalgia anime that follows the rivalry and romance between the gamer Haruo and the girls Oono and Hidaka. However, this season disappoints by becoming a cliché and boring harem, in which the two girls run after Haruo and he pretends to be clueless and innocent. The plot does not progress, the characters do not evolve and the jokes are repeated. It does not seem to be an anime aimed at an adult audience (Seinen), but rather at a teenager who likes to see girls fighting for a boy. The only thing ...
Oh lord, oh lord, oh lord! What a trashfire. Have you ever watched an anime so bad that you start laughing, applauding its comedic value for how ridiculously bad the writing is, how many plotholes there are, how much nonsensical SHIT there is, and then you realize it?. . That the writer was actually dead serious, and it's not a comedy anime?. . Yup. That's Hametsu no Oukoku. It's the embodiment of slop. No redeeming values beyond somewhat cool premise which is immediately ruined. Believe me, the part where he summons miniguns is where you can stop watching. That's the best part of the anime. And it's right at ...
Not what the 1st season was.... . This anime made a name for itself by not shying away from the dirty and gritty realism of what goblin fighting truly means. It showcased the hardship and the strain. In a world where goblins aren't recognized as a threat, this anime portrayed the reality of that naivety and it wasn't afraid to depict the consequences either. It didn't just imply the danger, it made it real as it took us on an uncensored journey like none other before. Or at least the first season did.... . Goblin Slayer season II feels like a watered down, feel good, slice of life version ...
These are the kind of Isekai that make it all look bad, the only good quality is the character design just like the manga.. This show has 0 idea of what it wants to do besides "Make loser ugly guy strong, handsome and super cool and waifus". I jate to even say waifus because literally all they have is their looks because every one is flatter then a sheet of paper when it comes to character or any development.. . He meets girl, saves them, they fall in love....thats the whole show.. They throw different plot points and ideas everywhere without bothering to go into any of them at all.. This ...
I'm okay with a dense protagonist. After all, that's one of the pre-requisites for the story. That the MC doesn't know the feelings of the FMC. I'm also willing to watch a girl that acts and looks like a 15 year old monologue her affection for a pastor that's probably over 10 years older. Not quite sure on the age gap, don't really care. That being said, I'm not okay with the author treating the viewers like idiots.. . The beginning is quite normal. You find out the saint's feelings for Lawrence quite blatant, and Lawrence's lack of awareness in his own feelings. There's public and ...
Among the pool of contemporary manga, One Piece is a series that demonstrates without rival an insurmountable level of worldbuilding and creativity within the medium. This rich universe and One Piece’s undefeated ability to churn up slews of profits via merchandise and manga sales, leads One Piece to lend it’s likeness not only to a subpar anime adaptation but various disjointed animated film outings. One Piece: Strong World can be remembered simply as another strikeout, despite Oda Eiichiro’s coaching behind the scenes.. . Even at its most criticized arcs, the writing of Oda Eiichiro in One Piece never truly missteps. There is a level of detail in ...
The Evangelion rebuild movies are a new take on the Evangelion saga. They are visually impressive in their modern presentation, but the CG-heavy fight scenes in these movies are disappointing.. . I liked the original NGE series, but I found the "religious techno babble" to be one of the most annoying parts of the show. Despite this, I still enjoyed the original series and EoE because of the characters, animation, fights, music, and psychological introspection. Even though the "religious techno-babble" seemed random and illogical, I eventually convinced myself that it fit in with the show's overarching plot.. . However, the Rebuild movies take this "nonsense" to new heights ...
I enjoyed the series despite its flaws. Even if they aren't the best, I appreciate high-stakes games and mind-game tactics. But this review is about the movie, and unfortunately, it included all the negative aspects of the series without any of the good stuff. There are no games, challenges, hustling, or cheating. Instead, it's just a romance story that provides no new information about the NGNL world. The start of the movie is good, but it quickly goes downhill. The story is cliché and predictable, the characters are one-dimensional and annoying, and events happen for no apparent reason. The animation is good, and the sound ...
Please, read the manga before watching. This is a very mashed up version of the plot to a point it's incoherent at times honestly. It's short and all sex scenes are even shorter, with only a little nipple! Do better!. It's hard to not skip through it due to how long they drag on certain points and refuse to discover others. It was a shitshow of a series and I honestly recommend you skip the anime completely, because it will probably spoil the series for you. I love isekai yaoi and this just.. is not it. Watch The Titan's Bride and read the manga instead.
Back with season two, a season after one I thought was a missed opportunity. The hype of the first continued into the second and after being told it was better than the first, I had high hopes when diving into season two.. . The thing that I feel I can confidently say was better than the first was the music. There was quite the variety of styles that fit the scenes perfectly. I say it was better than the first because for me, I cannot remember the music of the first. The second however, made me remember it's quality. I would probably give the music overall ...
I'm so glad to be done with Fist of the North Star. A continuation of the original series it is still such a slog to get through having plot holes left and right, boring characters, and being ugly to look at. It may be a classic, but Fist of the North Star should be left in the past.. . The original anime was a simple martial arts succession story. Part two makes it overly complicated by adding primogeniture elements through an entirely new country. Arc one is follows the traditions laid out for the first 100 episodes but now everyone is ten years older. Ken returned after ...
The strory is not bad, quite interesting (about romantic feelings development) - BUT animation - I haven't seen worse in a long long time.. They talking - lips are not moving, even when it's a close up scene. Not all the time ofc but in every episode.. Art style might be orginal but it doesn't suit these day's quality of anime. Characters too - they need a bit more expresions, it feels like i'm watchin an amotour made anime.. . xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx. If you are fan of comedy-romance/romance anime - You probably wouldn't enjoy that. Feel boring and as it was already said - animation made on a knee.
We were very excited to watch this during Samhain/Halloween and trying to get through these episodes was rough, after episode 5 we were pushing through to see if it got better at all. They are not scary or creepy (to us, we watch a lot of horror!) We are big fans of Ito's manga, but I should have checked into who made this and their previous attempt at doing animation with Junji's work because if you check it may sway your opinion to give this a try too. You can search this info as well but let me sum it up for you for ease:. - ...
Let me first tell you that I absolutely love the visual novel game Norn9 (despite its flaws it’s one of my favorite games, specifically for the atmosphere and music). So my rating is entirely based on how well it is adapted into an anime (Spoiler alert: it isn’t!).. . Story 2/10. It’s been a while since I watched this so I don’t remember all the details but since I know the story well let me start with the aspect I actually enjoyed… which was seeing the Norn and the beautiful setting in animated/in action. That’s basically everything to like about it. And while I see people ...
I think the overall idea for a "Modern day meets Medieval" anime sounds really good. This show had a lot of potential, but unfortunately it's very underutilized more often than not. The first couple episodes does a great job of getting your attention and showcasing how vulnerable people in medieval times would be when faced with a tank or a jet. However, the show seems to lose direction on what it really wants to "be" from the 3rd episode and afterwards. Sometimes there are glimpses that remind you how much of a threat the SDF could pose to the new world, but for the most ...
This is a pretty damn bad anime. A whole lot of nothing happens and I actually really like the Senogoku Period and Nobunaga's story, so this should be up my alley but nope!. . There is absolutely zero characterization, just very brief goals that come out of nowhere with no meaning. They say they care or want this and that for no reason but we're made to just go with it. Probably the worst part of this anime is there is no sense of where they are. We don't see any traveling and despite them just instantly transporting to one province to another, looking identical, there's no ...
While searching for a rom-com you somehow stumbled upon this show right here. Did you think you have found a romance where MC loses determination trying to hook up with his crush and moves on in some unique manner ? Well you ain't getting that here.. . The only good thing about this show is it's concept. I was quite tempted to see a show about a character that goes through a drastic change with some sweet romance on top, but it seems one expects too much from 6* show.. . Excluding concept everything else is garbage. The final ship just suddenly bloomed from one episode to another, arcs ...
I thought this would be just another funny work life anime along the lines of New Game! or Mangaka-san to Assistant-san to The Animation. But no. This has some funny scenes, yes but... It has so many uncomfortable moments.. . It could have been good. Animation is nice, premise seems fun, artstyle is fine. There are so many dirtier or more questionable anime out there. It would be possible to explain this to somebody suddenly opening the door to your room. But nope. Unlike Yosuga no Sora or Redo of Healer this is just... bad.. . Underage girl being manipulated into doing stuff out of her comfort zone, nobody ...
The anime series 'Serial Experiments Lain' is an interesting take on the age-old idea of not knowing what is reality and what isn't. Although the series raises some intelligent, philosophical questions, it may not be considered a masterpiece on its own. The first nine episodes, which primarily focus on Neo running through the matrix, can be drawn out and may leave the viewers wanting more. However, the animation is visually appealing, and the series does explain the last few episodes, revealing the truths about Lain, the computer reality, and the real world.. . While the series does not have fantastic characters and an interesting storyline like ...
Shaft's anime series, which debuted in 2009, is part of the wider Monogatari franchise based on the light novel series by Nisio Isin. The franchise includes several shows that have aired out of sequence, with the latest installment "Owarimonogatari.". . The show kicks off impressively, unlike any other anime you have seen. The entire look and feel of the show are that of a stage play with fixed locations, a few characters, and lengthy dialogues or monologues full of obscure references and wordplay. The action's pace is slow as each show heavily focuses on unraveling a mystery with supernatural overtones. The show can be unconventional, creepy, disturbing, ...
Shaft's 2017 follow-up to the supernatural anime drama, Monogatari, season one, is a seven-episode series that comprises three story parts, namely "Mayoi Hell," "Hitagi Rendezvous," and "Ougi Dark." However, it is important to note that to enjoy this series fully, one must have a working knowledge of the entire Monogatari franchise and its characters.. . Although the show has pretensions to be a cult classic and revels in its enigma, all criticisms of season one are still valid in this follow-up. The conversations are whimsical and sometimes wildly off-topic, delivered in the fashion of a stage play, and the dialogues are endless, mysterious, and frustrating for viewers ...
Advice? Don't.. . This anime will bring nothing to you except pure frustration. You think at least the male characters are nice? No. They're just made of nothingness and it does not get detailed at all. We just have their facade image until the very end. Welcome to Hiiro no Kakera! You get failure girl, crybaby guy, sleepy guy, upset guy, short guy and Adult man!. . DO NOT watch. Again I'm telling you this, the story isn't worth it but if you just want to play something while you're busy, surely this anime will fulfill its duty. Well, not even but it'll make you less bored than you ...
The plot for this show was everywhere, and it was just too compacted (literally has multiple plot-twists in most episodes). Overall, it just had way too much going on at a time. It took a while for me to digest (understand) everything that was happening. Eventually after taking a considerable amount of time to process the chaos this show ensues, I realized that this show is completely dogshit, fishy discharge, booty, vile, loathsome, and if you like this show you automatically gain FRP (Female Repellent (all women in your life glare at your mere presence)). Horrible theme, terrible writing, abysmal characters, unstable plot. I lost ...
After the controversial ending of it’s first season, I was expecting the second season would somehow address the issues I and many others had with this series. The second season not only fails to improve any of the shortcomings of Mushoku Tensei, it doubles down on them. Almost every aspect I praised about the earlier parts of this series, has either been watered down or been removed completely. Except for one or two, none of the new characters are at all interesting, worldbuilding has been put to the wayside, production values has had a noticeable downgrade, and this season was just an unbearable booooring slog ...
No need for a lengthy review here. This anime is a horrific adaption of a pretty amazing manga. They put a very nearly perfect series through the meat grinder and released it thinking no one would notice, I guess. I have honestly not seen a worse adaption. The animation, the direction of both the VAs and the story itself, none of it was up to par. Not even the sound design. TG is a beautiful series that deserved an adaption that would honor both its aesthetic and its tone. This was... almost spitting in the face of the author and all the fans of TG.
When I saw a trailer for Pluto scrolling through Netflix, I liked the kind of old-school look the art had so I gave it a shot. I had no idea what I was getting myself into when I decided to start watching. Here's my review after watching all 8 episodes:. . Story: Honestly, cool story. Cool idea. There's a mysterious number of robot killings across the globe and a robo-cop tries to find out who that killer is. Plus it gets into some deeper existential stuff which honestly, should have had waaaaay more shine in this story, but if you're looking for a fast-paced, twist-and-turn kind of ...
In general, is a forgettable anime. Typical romantic comedy without any difference from other regular shows of the same genre, the only difference with them is the plot of "a really strong tomboy as main char" and all the jokes will be around that idea. The story is left with an open end, it won't get a second season and nobody will care about that.. . This anime passes without trouble or fanfare, not being good or bad, simply mediocre. It's like popcorn without salt, you can eat it but it won't taste at all.. . Regular art and animation, regular characters, regular plots. If you enjoy most of ...
Okay so, I’ll be straight with y’all…shit is ass. 3 episodes in and I’m tired of this anime, I can see why it’s rated a 6/10.. Masamune-kun is pathetic to watch and he’s uninteresting as a character, good motives, shit execution because he IS pathetic. Aki plays her roll well, she a bitch and I respect it. However the side characters are truly the ones who are interesting especially Kojuurou (the Trap) 🤤. . Anyways I only stuck around so long because this show does one thing right, natural panty shots.. I was expecting a good revenge story or one of these stories where the girl broke the ...
First episode of this show is undoubtedly promising: colorful and captivating story-wise, well animated, and also edgy, but not cringey — at the first glance.. . But everything that follows is just shock content in the sake of shock content. Lots of blood and gore, but if we think why the story is told that way... just why it is required to be told that way? 'To shock the audience,' is my best guess.. . Also, the protagonist is insane in the very literal sense of insanity. A maniacally obsessed, one-sided zealot of total destruction, absolutely unlikable, as well as quickly diminishing cast of single-dimensioned mannequins who serve as ...
Watching this anime all the time I asked myself, did I really love this story? Since I was little, most of what I liked was actually good stuff. So it didn't happen much that I liked something later and saw that it was bad, so started to see some comparisons between this remake and the original and I really still like the original a lot. This remake is flat, it's the standard of the standard.. There are some substantial changes and some are more faithful to the manga, but that's not the problem, the problem is that the humor was capped, the scenes ...
She’s slept with a bunch of guys and never really learned her lesson that she should value her body more. It’s ok that she’s not a virgin, but there’s a limit to stupidity that she crossess.. . That’s my issue with the characterization of her. How is it that she is quick to have sex with the idea of pleasing her boyfriend, gets dumped every time, and doesn’t learn her lesson. It would make sense if she was obsessed with sex more than love, but the story, from what I’ve seen from others explain it (I haven’t read it), makes her character the opposite: disinterested in sex ...
Ever heard of comedy revolving around a once decorated person, only for them to laze around, aimlessly reading shounen jump and unwilling to do any work and lives in poverty? Yeah, the creation of Max clearly drew inspiration from Gintoki from Gintama.. . The problem is how absolutely unfunny and lacking in action most scenes are. While the beginning is kind of funny, 99% of the jokes in the series become lewd/perverted jokes or it's some rom-com setup. They miss the mark completely. Max becomes friends with Maou, a demon he killed, and somehow, the Maou becomes very feminine in nature and personality to further facilitate the ...
I still don't know what force of nature compelled me to watch this entire thing because it was an absolute waste of time. This show falls flat in basically every way and I was just in disbelief from how bad this show was.. . The characters, dialogue, animation, art style, and story were just so poorly made and boring. There is nothing compelling about any characters, some being annoying and others painfully cringey. The main character we follow around is a total loser and not the kind that is funny or relatable but instead obnoxious and stupid. He constantly talks about how video games are all ...
Now this is what I call a dumpster fire.. . Don’t know how anyone can recommend this finale other than dwelling on pure sentimental values; I was seriously wondering whether I was watching a different show in a parallel universe. Isayama spent an entire season building Eren’s manipulative and dark persona only to squash it in the last 25 minutes of the show with a wimpy meltdown. Eren, who never displayed a single ounce of romantic interest towards anyone in the series, did a 180 at the end as a cheap fan service just to check the box. Needless to say, my jaw dropped to the floor. ...
To be fair, the edited version gets a 3/10. This is not anything towards censorship or whatever. The edited version has a little corner of manic energy that fills the time instead whenever a blatantly sexual thing that can't be edited occurs. This gives the creators a chance to be creative and FUNNY. The rest of the show is about an idiot with zero spine or willpower who gets his face and crotch crammed into extremely forced situations that are unfunny, unentertaining, and unsexy. Then he wonders, without clarifying situations or talking to anyone, "Why does this happen to me?" I wonder.... /"Tiny" Lister voice. . Just ...
The series is about a degenerate human being who have warped common sense and the world is all for it to support it.. . Its really baffling how people rate this a masterpiece of isekai anime. The MC is a lowest of the low who does many horrible things and what makes me mad is the world forgive that and they match their personality to favor the MC. Everyone says the visual is great, the world building is great, like new language and stuff. Well, i dont think that can outweight the series of bad things the anime have done. The MC voice acting is great but ...
Honestly I was hoping that this will finally be the "Go inside the game" genre that's going to be unique and not generic. This is an anime that wanted to pay a homage to great games, or as they called it Kamige, but they failed miserably at it, the author feels like a normie who doesn't even understand any gaming nor dev knowledge.. . First of all, this is definitely inspired from Elden Ring, and the Author somehow think that a game better than Elden Ring, The "Kamige", is when it's an MMORPG and there will be a unique quests hidden only for "lucky" players. How ...
Between Spy x Filler and Demon Slayer, it has become clear to me why such underwhelming anime have become so popular.. . It's because they have nothing to say. In having nothing to say, they are also completely nonjudgmental. Anyone can say they like Spy x Filler or Demon Slayer, and it would say absolutely nothing about them. Normies can watch them without crossing the line into "anime fan" territory. No opinions are asked of them, because there are no sides to take. Without any opinions, no thinking is required. It's a safe space for centrists to continue not having opinions on anything while feeling good ...
Long-time fans of this show have always sung all its praises to me, before adding the caveat of "...but the pacing gets worse later on in the show".. . .... . "Gets"?. . I'm sorry, "GETS"?!. . I had to watch at double speed to get through Syrup Village. For those not familiar, it's one of the earliest arcs, and it's very short as far as one piece arcs go. Cut to one guy saying how he's gonna destroy the heroes. Cut to wide shot for demonstration of power, probably by attacking an inanimate object. Cut to reaction shot. Cut to a couple other reaction shots (about 7 seconds each) because you really ...
Improved final third of the season fails to redeem an underwhelming story and characters that came before it.. . With surface-level writing, an unlikable protagonist and unimpressive fight scenes, even the last few episodes which introduce some cool characters and potentially interesting storylines can’t make up for the extremely boring and unremarkable first 15 episodes that not only fail to develop the story and themes as anything more than the main character wishing to become the strongest person on the planet, But said character also behaves and treats everyone around him like an unlikable, rude brat with little redeeming qualities, and a couple of interesting supporting ...
We've fallen on dark, desperate times when I somehow find myself watching and subsequently writing a review for a 41 minute, quarter-century old anime movie that no one else has heard of and there are FOUR reviews for prior to my own. That's about one every five years!. . Puppet Princess isn't the worst of the worst, but talking plainly it came out in 2000, looks like it came out in the mid 90s at best or even the late 80s, is short, doesn't have time to develop characters or plot points or provide any emotional depth whatsoever and might as well not have a soundtrack at ...
Totally INACCURATE attempt at 90s Nostalgia. . This show baits the viewer with its title, and with the very crisp and weirdly accurate PC-9800 computer as a prop- but don’t be fooled, its knowledge of the 1990s begins and ends with that computer. There are some major issues with this show’s lame attempt at going back in time.. So it’s about Konoha, a bubbly, cute, skinny, short-skirt wearing teenage girl who works in a software company developing eroge games. Cough cough. Yes that’s right- a 19 year old developing pornographic games. (take a deep breath- and I’ll show you how deep the rabbit hole goes). . She loves vintage (90s) ...
Stereotypical Korean Manhwa tropes abound: Ranking Systems, Tournaments, Nobility Commoner discrimination and most importantly terrible pacing. The pacing in this is SLOOOOOOW, say what you want about Japanese mass produced Isekai/Moe fluffy, mass production does bring streamlining to production.. . Kikansha no Mahou wa Tokubetsu desu or A Returner's Magic Should Be Special is adapted from a Korea Manhwa and it shows, from the tropes favored by Korean creators to the character design to the pacing issues plaguing most Manhwas. Manhwas as a medium is IMHO a super inefficient form of storytelling, wasted screen space and lazy uninspired paneling work leading to scenes that add nothing to ...
Netflix never ceases to surprise me, every time for a bad reason. This is the first time I ever felt like giving the lowest possible score. Most bad animes have some kind of saving grace. They may be bad, but they usually get at least one or two aspects right. That is not the case here, at all.. . TL;DR: This is not just bad, it's disgustingly bad. The first episode will tell you it all: It's all about drugs, sex and gore. Just that, for the entire 10 episodes. It is just shock value. The message of the story is that even in this world where ...
Attack on Titan had so many theories and mysteries on what the story wants to tell, and whilst thinking back watching the first seasons I daresay nobody thought of that time that this is going to be the closure of all the threads over the long pull.. . Regardless of the understanding on how the series plot moved onwards Season three. At which point things were still unclear for the most part. You could have pictured the most sophisticated plot and the best show ever that to come. Yet, the way I imagined it was definitely way bigger and much more brighter than how boring and ...
I'll cut straight to the chase - unless you're a teen going through puberty you will not like this show. It's an over-the-top, edgy, avant-garde, confusing brainchild of an art student or something. I've never written a review on MAL before, but I had to write one for this show because it really was that aggravating to watch.. . The only reason I'm not rating it a 1 is because the art style and animation is actually really nice.. . Below is more commentary because MAL needs more information for me to comment.. . Is the story unique? If it was predictable, did you enjoy it anyway because you like this ...
Girl with a bad attitude meets an immature controlling psycho and they fall in love and have an extremely toxic relationship. Not cute. I think this anime would have been many times better with a different male lead. Blond guy is way way way better in every imaginable way and isn't actively violent and horrible. Taming a habitually violent person (who hurts and threatens FL several times) with major emotional and psychological problems is so far not romantic, it's insane and dangerous. ML here should not be in a relationship, but in therapy.. . I think you can have one half of a couple in a ...
I've never written an anime review before, so let that tell you something right off the bat, this anime was so horrible that I feel compelled to write a short review to warn anyone who may be interested in watching this absolute garbage.. . I'll keep it short: The plot is all over the place, the story is brutal, the characters come and go and their motivations are shallow at best and make literally no sense at worst and this is by FAR the worst ending I've ever witnessed in all my 400 ish series I've completed.. . That is all, this is absolute trash and I wish ...
A story about a bunch of idiots doing unfathomably stupid and evil shit under the pretense of saving the world, while some horny chick with a romance complex gets in the way of everything.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 8/10. -----------------------------------------------. . The show looks quite good. Nice clean art, good special effects. Animation isn't amazing, but in general still very good.. . . Sound / Music / Voice Acting - 8/10. ...
I couldn't even get past the first episode my first time trying to watch.. . It was extremely boring. The first episode should really hook the viewer into wanting to see more- but EP 1 and 2 are incredibly slow paced and both spout forgettable exposition and hardly change scenery or advance much plot. This is filler- entirely encompassing the first few episodes.. . If you were going to go play a game, and the first hour+ of the game was unskippable cutscene that just talks at you, you'd go to Steam support and get a refund. That's what the first couple episodes of this anime feel like. ...
Wasted potential.. . I’m sorry, but I just don’t think this anime explained its main plot elements nearly well enough to warrant a higher rating, which is a real shame since I was hoping this would be a potential 7/10 or 8/10 upon seeing the second episode. So many questions are left unanswered, and the sheer amount of completely wasted time (all of episode 3, A.K.A. a full quarter of the runtime) in an already short series was infuriating beyond belief.. . This OVA started off with amazing potential in the first two episodes, before completely throwing it away for a filler-like third episode which was so desperately ...
I've never in my life seen someone manage to destroy their plot so well, so constantly and so fast as this anime did. Whatever made you like the 10 minutes of the first episode will be butchered, ruined and destroyed if you so much as stay awake while watching it. Nothing makes sense, nobody is enjoyable and they made me hate the beautiful setting that was the only reason i kept watching this in the first place.. . The pacing is the equivalent of Sonic overdosing on cocaine, plot is the equivalent of shooting yourself in the balls and the characters are the equivalent of an orphan's ...
Overall: Other reviews comparing this to Redo of Healer is actually a huge injustice to ROH. So far, what I can say for this show is that there is significant amount of inexplicable and overly unnecessary violence and very little plot justification for it. While the episodes end in silly cliffhangers, what I feel isn't anticipation for the next episode, but distaste knowing that the next episode will begin with something equally nonsensical. The show was quite promising in the beginning, (I actually enjoyed the first one or two episodes) but it quickly deteriorated into an irredeemable mess. If you like random violence, and to ...
Watching this anime is like eating a bowl of unseasoned oatmeal, except that bowl of oatmeal was made a month ago, frozen, and then reheated shortly before eating. There's really nothing original about the show at all, and none of its elements are executed particularly well or with any elegance.. The show puts a lot of surface level emphasis on the dynamic between the main romantic leads(unpopular nerdy guy vs very popular and extroverted gyaru). This isn't exactly a novel dynamic, in fact it's one of the more common ones for shounen romcom stories, but the emphasis placed on it and the explicit acknowledgement of sexual ...
This anime had such wasted potential. Ads for this were everywhere. I took a photo with the fucking shark. I read the manga before it came out and was excited it has such an effective first chapter. But the anime fucking ruined all horror and tension with rainbow blood. All the gore and death is covered in fucking finger paint. The most embarrassing scene is when Akira fights his boss and he explodes into a blood puddle ofblue goo. The rely to much on the comedy aspect in which sure the manga gets silly later but the first couple volumes were suppose to be bloody ...
Basically redo of healer, but without the porn. . Main protagonist becomes mad after his adoptive mother was killed by the empire on their witch hunt, and decides to go into a extermination murdering spree to eliminate all humanity from earth, alongside anything and anyone in the way. Very superficial and dumb, mostly relying on explicit gore and over the top irrational hatred reactions to convey "emotions" and "feelings", while extremely relying on flashbacks and out of place scenes to tell the story, becoming very out of pace with what is happening. Also there's no slow down, no time to talk, constant action, fights, gore and shouting, ...
The Brown Note.. . I will admit this one is personal. I’ve mentioned before that I work in classical music specifically as a singer so I was optimistic about an anime about a boys choir. However, when the anime opens with a guy singing an “Engrish” verse of Sing Low Sweet Chariot I knew I wasn’t going to get along with Kawagoe Boys Sing.. . After being kicked out of his professional orchestra for being an asshole, disgraced orchestral conductor Haruo is forced by the head of Kawagoe Academy to start up a boy’s choir and win a boy’s choir competition so he can get his job back. He ...
The concept of being a hero has been defined and tried to be redefined so many times through media in general and not only in anime, but usually, the core idea is about a character that is opened to the idea of helping people out, because they see themselves as part of that community of people that in need of help.. . In ‘Shy’ however, the title of a hero is given to a group of people that can be described and summarized as outcasts from their respective community of people that these heroes are trying to defend, which leaves me slightly dissatisfied.. . A hero can be an ...
Whilst IBO has had fantastic animation, the mech designs and plot are horrendous.. . With too many overarching political subterfuge going on and with no answers being given for all of them. It's even worse with appalling characters and rushed sequences that make the plot fall apart.. . It had a strong start, but the writer relies on too many of the same plot devices. Repeatedly saying "suffering = good" doesn't make for a good story.. . The entire story lacks cohesion and without any logical nuance, I just can't support this anime.. . The story is not unique, we've seen it before and we're seeing it again. If you're into a lot ...
Whilst IBO has had fantastic animation, the mech designs and plot are horrendous.. . With too many overarching political subterfuge going on and with no answers being given for all of them. It's even worse with appalling characters and rushed sequences that make the plot fall apart.. . It had a strong start, but the writer relies on too many of the same plot devices. Repeatedly saying "suffering = good" doesn't make for a good story.. . The entire story lacks cohesion and without any logical nuance, I just can't support this anime.. . The story is not unique, we've seen it before and we're seeing it again. If you're into a lot ...
No. Don't watch this.. . I have the whole manga, which I absolutely adore - It's one of my favourite romance stories ever. This OVA, on the other hand, they 100% pulled out of their asses. If fits absolutely nowhere and feels like a fever dream from beginning to end.. . This is the first time I'm reviewing anything on MAL, but I just can't help myself - it was THAT bad. Rating something I"s related a 1 breaks my heart, but it's exactly what it deserves.. . Watch I"s Pure if you're after an adaptation of the manga. It's short, they cut pretty much all of the comedy and ...
Are you looking for a great comedy anime? A show with lovable, silly and whimsical characters? An anime that you truly won’t forget for how funny its jokes are?. . Then I advise you to watch literally anything else. Anything but this atrocious mess of an anime.. . Aho girl is supposed to be a comedy, yet I didn’t find a single scene or character funny at all. Now, of course comedy is subjective, but this show’s “comedy elements” consists of the main girl harassing her classmates at multiple occasions, objectified characters with a hell of a lot fan service and people punching, screaming and making others uncomfortable. ...
Yeah.... I don't get it.. . The characters kinda confused me, but they were creepy sometimes, so that's cool.. . Story was pretty confusing, although I did understand parts of it, and understood the general direction of the plot, individual moments had me completely confused.. When I did understand what's going on, it was interesting.. . I think this anime requires too much interpretation. Which in itself isn't a bad thing, but why characters do what they do could have been shown better.. . Maybe it's me, probably actually. But the "deeper meanings" were lost on me.. ...
VTubers. Love them or hate them, they're here to stay.. . They'ver been around for several years, and since this is S2 of Kizuna no Allele, I don't think they require an introduction anymore - major groups such as hololive or Nijisanji are still growing. One positive trait that comes from vtubers is that they generally will have larger than life or very relatable personalities and they will try to interact with you - they don't feel dull. However, this anime lacks anything that even contributed to the rise of VTubers in the first place and why they are so appealing to others.. . Season 1 should have ...
Well, I'm not going to lie, at first it was fun. I bought the idea of having a super reclusive otaku turning into a loli, because "it can't be that bad", right? And at first it really isn't. Onimai brought together several good things, such as animation, humor and wholesome scenes with one of the world's cancers: fetishism in children. Seriously, there's no way I can finish watching this. The content starts out just being uncomfortable, but it gets to a really disgusting point. But if you're a super tolerant person who likes these things (completely disgusting), it's worth it. The animation is beautiful, by ...
Never have I been so disappointed with anything in my life. This anime was such an unbelievable letdown that it led me to write my first ever review of something. The amount of recommendations I received to watch this was astounding. "Re:Zero is amazing. Re:Zero is this, Re:Zero is that." No- Re:Zero is disappointingly bad. So much so that I couldn't bring myself to start the next season. I've given up entirely on this piece of fiction and now let me tell you why.. . The protagonist infuriates me more than any other protagonist in any other anime I've seen. First of all, what a punch-able ...
I will keep it as short and as simple as possible.. . I never care about animation or quality, I've seen countless animes where people in chorus complain how terrible the animations were, yet I never saw anything wrong at all. But Gensoumaden Saiyuki is the first anime where the animation is so lacking and rudimentary that I can't help but call it "BAD", because it is. Most visible in fighting scenes that look so poorly animated it's almost painful to look at.. . What I mean is there is barely any animation whatsoever. Just static images moving around the screen with some flashy background. One example is ...
An unexpected takeaway I had from this is that hour long episodes are too long for an anime. This show's pacing dragged multiple times during the 8 hour run.. . Pluto is a story about the dangers of making AI too human except the story is mostly told from different robots' point of view. I am sorry, but I don't care about the life and death of these robots especially when the show makes it clear who is going to die with bright red death flags. They waste a lot of time trying to make you have empathy for these machines too which makes the show a ...
So edgey it makes me reminiscent of Redo of a Healer. It tries very hard to be "dark", "grim", and "brutal" with no regards to the "too bleak, didn't care" effect. The over-arching pattern with the show and writing is that everything is set up to move in the direction that can produce the most blood and dismembered bodies on screen. There's little to no substance outside of shock value here. In an attempt to be so edgy, the entirety of the plot is predictable as you need only be in the mindset to guess what would be the edgiest and bloodiest outcome to happen, ...
This is the type of anime where you will like most if not all the characters, but there will be no romantic fulfillment to make any of it matter. By the end of this, the main two have been on 100 dates, are exclusive with one another, she sleeps at his place, they both like each other, he knows she likes him, and yet absolutely no real romance (going out, physical intimacy, relationship, anything concrete beyond romance vibes). It is blue balls the anime. In a world where anime getting a sequel season is the exception and when the anime is hardly unique or special ...
Baby Shark and its consequences has been a disaster for the human race.. . Somewhere in a meeting room, execs held a meeting on how to squeeze out more money for minimal cost. I imagine that’s how this movie was born.. . Well, to call Baby Shark's Space Adventure a “movie“ might be a bit of stretch. It’s a set of music videos loosely tied together by an extremely basic and low effort story. The songs of course aren’t original, they are a collection of Pinkfong’s viral children song, the most known of course being Baby Shark, which you’ll have the displeasure of hearing four and a half ...
This starts off with a relatively promising premise in a quasi-DnD world, but pretty much immediately pivots to a contrived love story. I don't know why so much anime insists on portraying otherwise relatively competent adults as the emotional equivalent of young teens when it comes to romance. I guess we're supposed to believe that adventurers who've been on countless quests slaying fearsome monsters managed to never even so much as kiss another sentient being in all the traveling they've done.. . So the story basically turns into a woman who had a crush on the protagonist from their previous adventures deciding to insert herself fully ...
The anime is about a unpopular guy wants to date a popular girl but realize he isn't worthy of that but in Reality This is actually a Story about a fu**boy who wants bang the heroin so approach her many times but the girl is trusunde and than he try a new strategy which have 100% rate in real life 😂too playing ignore ignore.And then guess what happens 😂.And Yes the guy isn't shy or anything, rather than he is the only one that talk to girls.so don't expect a oregairu type mc.. This type of anime story usually are better than romcom but this is ...
Inu ni Nattara Suki na Hito ni Hirowareta is the greatest dog anime of 2023. No dog anime of 2023 even comes close. Also, Inu ni Nattara Suki na Hito ni Hirowareta is the worst dog anime of 2023. Mind you, I actually enjoyed it. Yeah, its trash, but you aren't watching this anime unless you already know that. It's about a dog getting under skirts and helping girls with their clothes. If you can enjoy this, you are at the tippoty top of the anime community.. . Animation 7/10. - Peak camera angles, good fanservice. Sound 6/10. - OP/ED are pretty ...
delete the movie, its hot garbage.. Is the story unique? Its Unqiuely ass. did you enjoy it anyway because you like this genre/set-up? hell no, gtfo. Do you think the art style is fitting for the story? its aight. Were the characters well-rounded? no, they are ass and creepy. Did they have flaws and strengths? nah bro, this shit straight up creepy, who even came up with this???. were they unusually strong/smart/stupid? Unsually creepy that is. id the characters react to situations and events in a realistic way? no, she should've died the moment she jumped into the tree by getting impaled bruh. Do you think others will enjoy/dislike this series, even if ...
This whole anime is so derogatory towards women. It basically promotes cheating, rape of children by a 40-year-old man, sexualizing children, pedophilia, and child molestation. The premise is good but this is just disgusting. It could have been a good series but whoever wrote this destroyed it and I believe must be a pedophile himself. This show is disgusting. I cannot believe I wasted time on this. It is not ecchi. I have watched ecchi and underage characters are not sexualized especially by an old man. The art style was fine. I don't think anyone will enjoy this series and if they will they are ...
Oh Spy x Family. A show I expected to like... but didn't. It has a meandering story where nothing really happens and nothing really matters. I guess it's a combination of slice of life and action-comedy (even though it doesn't have a slice of life tag) with a simple plot where they're trying to stop a war and a spy named Loid had to quickly get someone to pretend to be his child then find someone to pretend to be his wife. Unfortunately, it's like I'm watching a children's cartoon. Like any show that is about a family is going to have a wide appeal. ...
This anime had the potential to be something good but something bad came out.I'm going to speak from the perspective of someone who has never seen an anime based on a game before The anime in my view was weak and good in many ways.. . Good parts:. -I enjoyed some of the fights. Even if the anime doesn't have the best graphics it often didn't disappoint in terms of battles.. -The characters weren't who knows what but some of them were ok enough that I cared about what happened to them.. . Bad parts:. -The graphics were poor SGAI type. With time you learn to ignore it but it still bothers ...
There is NOTHING 'Naughty' about any character or action taken in this series (as the English name implies).. It's just sad social awkwardness and repression throughout. Had this show was marketed as a repressed girl learning who they are... maybe it would work.. . The story is not very original. Repetitive themes and actions, gratuitous chase/fight scenes where the main characters are never harmed.. Forced and formulaic situations that are award in and of themselves.. There is some form of Deus ex machina in every episode.. The characters are dull and boring stereotypes, that have been seen too many times in this type of anime.. . If typical societal repression ...
Watching this OVA was a very strange experience, the idea is very simple and repetitive, there is nothing different about it.. . I suppose that due to its length there is not much development of the story or the characters, because throughout the plot they are all boring with nothing interesting to highlight.. . I didn't understand what the point was of making the protagonist an adult film actress and spreading the rumor about that, personally I think it didn't influence anything, it would have been the same if she had some other profession.. . I do not recommend this story, personally I was very bored and I did not find ...
as the first work of studio Trigger this a bad anime but some interesting ideas about this that doesn't make it a worthless crap.. . Story : story is a simple one in here I was interested in the story until episode 3 and it got pretty boring after a while the jokes were not funny anymore and if the anime was 20 minutes per episode i would drop this.. . Sound : the ending song was so catchy and was good the sound effects were probably being downloaded in a free website and the VA did a good job voicing every character in the show it reminded me ...
I recommend watching this if you can turn off your brain! With this you will be able to enjoy 100%!!!!! lmao. First of all, I don't speak English, so my English is a crap, so take that into consideration.... It's going to be my first very very angry and pissed review, so it's going to be long, patience, I have a limit of stupidity that I can accept in stories... okay, let's get straight to the point? worth your time? Only if you can ignore all the stupid people living in the same place as this genius detective. Including his dumb partner, our other protagonist. Why do ...
EA Sports: It’s in the Garbage.. . When an anime starts its first episode by having the main protagonist die in a video game of ugly anime-counterfeit Counter-Strike because his little sister had a tantrum and pushed the controller out of his hand a bit, and the protagonist reacts by melancholically musing “Thinking back now… maybe that was when it all started” followed by a time skip to the present day, I don’t know how you wouldn’t expect me to bust my gut laughing.. . Protocol: Rain is the story of a gamer. A gamer who had to give up his gamer identity and legendary ugly anime-counterfeit Counter-Strike ...
I have watched so many anime of the ‘Fate’ franchise up till that moment, and it is the first among all of those anime with the most boring story I have ever seen.. . As well I found the characters including the main one very normal and uninteresting.. It had a very bad storyline which no matter how much times I watched it did not make sense. Just knew that something is connected to the holy bell and ascending up.. Although I always regard 'Fate' franchise as one of the best franchise in my heart, but Fate/Extra: Definitely, last encore is one of those series that I would never ...
Not far over 5 years ago this must have still looked pretty old when it came out. Not the best animation style used here since it just feels dull. I get that it is a dark setting very dark things happening but still.. . The story tries to give it a vibe but it is so detracted from the story it is just pointless honestly. They try giving you characters you can get on with then suddenly it stops and goes into a battle royale with more characters it gives flashbacks for which you just don't care about.. . The artwork like I said sucks, it honestly ...
The protagonist dreams of becoming the Wizard King, who is a kind of general in the army of mages (the Magic Knights). He wants to do this not only to prove that he can rise to the pinnacle of social classes through meritocracy but also to use the acquired power to make the world fairer.. . The kingdom is divided into the noble region, the common region, and the forgotten region, where rich, poor, and destitute people live, respectively. So, it can be concluded that the kingdom has failed miserably to be a good kingdom for hundreds of years.. . Prejudices of the royalty and nobility towards commoners appear ...
The villains in this movie all have a point. They were all victims of the ruling class (royalty, nobility) who killed innocent people close to them, like family, friends, and partners. They all tried to change, reform, and revolutionize the kingdom to eliminate class differences, prejudices, poverty, and discrimination, and they all fell victim to betrayal, punishment, imprisonment, and condemnation.. . Just like in the series, the heroes need motivation to fight against these villains and maintain the power structures. This is where Black Clover fails miserably. All the antagonists are portrayed as uncontrolled monsters who want to destroy everything, as terrorists, without any judgment of what ...
Not funny enough to be comedy, not focused enough to be satire, not hype enough to be action/adventure, not hot enough to be hentai (even for whoever is into humiliation and the like), and not clever enough to be any kind of deconstruction or introspection. The only thing this anime really is is honest with its audience as to what they're in for, but it was very underwhelming given the show's infamous reputation. The shock value is certainly there, but the context surrounding it is so contrived it just comes off as absurd. And, without that context, you have a mess of plot elements that ...
I forced myself to sit through the complete season. I had to do it in bursts, otherwise there was a chance that my small intestine would crawl up through my stomach to strangle me in order to put myself out of my misery.. . Okay: First the positives.. . The animation isn't horrible. It's not great, but it's "acceptable". The voice acting is actually on point, and the theme music is okay.. . Okay the negatives:. Literally EVERYTHING else. The backstory is alluded to but rarely explained, (except the OBVIOUS bits, (I mean she's wearing a CROWN for hells sake)) the characters are flat and 2 dimensional. ...
The first season was quite a unique story, and I came to love it.. But in the second season, I was thinking to myself, 'Why am I watching the anime?'. . I couldn't tell why the story was continuing. The story was quite messed up.. The art style was not that bad, but I don't think I liked it. In the story, every character came off as if they were the strongest characters in the anime, but they got devastated by the demon king. If they are meant to be destroyed, then why are you portraying them like they are the big deal? I mean, in a story, ...
Low effort trash. From the opening scene, this anime felt like something written by an untalented self published writer. The dialogue is heavy-handed and clumsy, the central character is extremely overpowered and invincible, the overt haram theme is out of place, the characters are severely underdeveloped and one-dimensional, and every problem which arises is summarily dealt away with a heavy application of plot armor. The animation leaves a lot to be desired, with computer generated content jarringly out of place. I suppose I could see a preteen enjoying this anime, although the sexual themes and gore put it squarely out of the appropriate realm for ...
So...this exists. And apparently it's come into the limelight now because somehow, for some reason, the streaming website Mubi somehow got their hands on it, gave it English subtitles, and put it up for streaming. That's how I learned about it, along with following the Twitter account WTK, which is a good source of home video news, licensing news, streaming news, and so on. But most old school animation afficionados know something pretty interesting about the Yuki's Sun pilot: This is actually the solo directorial debut of one Hayao Miyazaki. Miyazaki worked with Takahata on plenty of TV shows and directing some episodes of stuff ...
I only finished this series because I'd seen so many people online saying it was amazing and emotional. Found myself incredibly mystified, because all the other series I've seen recommended this hard have been amazing, like, transformative, 12/10 experiences.. . Watching this felt like... if a nightmare were boring and predictable.. . I never found myself caring about any of the characters or anything that happened in the world.. For full disclosure, I was watching it dubbed due to the friend I was watching it with being dyslexic. It's not impossible that the Japanese audio had absolutely incredible vocal performances that pull the heartstrings despite the awful writing they were ...
The plot of Violet Evergarden is simple enough. It's about a girl named Violet Evergarden recovering from war, and working as a doll. Dolls are women who write letters for those who can't write their own. They're usually love letter and heartfelt letters full of feelings and emotions. This is a dilemma for Violet as she doesn't really understand complex feelings. Though as she goes to school and writes letters for people, she starts to improve and understand emotions more.. . The good things about this anime is the production value. The English Dub voices are actually good. The sound ...
Another failed anime with good potential. It's not terrible, but it was way too many points to be considered good to watch. I really wanted to like this show too because I thought episode 1 was interesting.... . 1. Ok, harem fantasy anime are cool, but why is the MC a kid? It's so weird and disgusting seeing or even thinking about it. Why do they have sexual or romantic scenes randomly with the kid and girls? idk. That's just wrong and gross.. . 2. Way too many inner monologues. It's fine in general, but not when they take up like 30% of the each episode. Like let me ...
This anime will be fine if it would be more obvious to watcher, I watched all episodes and can tell that i had to wonder why that happened since first episode to last. This anime is too much condensed, maybe if creators could stretch that history twice and create 24 episodes where everything is explained normally that will be good anime.. . I must greet graphics and battles, that was really good. It's sad that i dont know why some of them even happened but i mentioned about it before. One thing is also good, sense of humor but it's my personal preference. This two things lifted ...
Hope is the fuel of humanity. It’s what drives us to the future, and motivates us to persevere through hardship. It inspires our creativity, and influences our faith. But above all else, it’s hope that makes us human.. . And Isayama thinks hope is meaningless.. . The whole point of Attack on Titan from the start was hope. It was hope that made us fall in love with Eren’s tenacity, Armin’s wisdom, and Mikasa’s strength. It’s the glimpses of hope we saw in characters that made us invested in the people of Paradis as they fought for their very lives.. . And then the story slowly devolved into nihilism and ...
I think the feeling of disappointment made me give this anime a 1. To begin with, there will be no spoilers in this review, but the feeling is worse than that of Game of Thrones, the construction of the characters grew with each season and even with their difficulties, we viewers could understand, even when catastrophic and totally unethical decisions are made. We, although we didn't agree, understood. From the penultimate and final season onwards, the creator of the work begins to play between the lines of the characters' motivations, with their decisions becoming increasingly confusing and inconsistent with what was presented before. This is ...
To celebrate the end of this phenomenally exhausting series, i would take this chance to finally explain some of the plot points on why i think this series, overall, just isn't good fiction!. . Firstly, let me just say this: Attack On Titan works wonderfully as a thriller-survival anime. The first three seasons are some of the best and the most original concepts of horror i've ever seen in this medium. But when the infamous "Final Season" starts, then suddenly there's this huge shift of tone: from a grounded, very tactical and scientific approach, into a grandiose, very political and eldritch perspective, this series just falls apart.. . My ...
Isekai Pig Slop.. . Butareba -The Story of a Man Who Turned into a Pig- is about another Japanese otaku pervert turning into something other than human. This time they’re isekai’d into the body of a pig and subjects the first telepathic maid he meets to telepathic sexual harassment.. . If you've kept up with anime discourse you’ll have seen this show receiving praise for “innovation” or its “interesting premise”. However, Butareba -The Story of a Man Who Turned into a Pig- is the same isekai skeleton with a new gimmick plastered over it. However, unlike say, Reincarnated as a Sword which was a good anime and fun ...
Seton Academy somehow manages to be one of the most bland shows with a great concept in existence.. . The concept of two humans going to a school full of animals could have worked in theory but what they do with that is so mind numbing. The story of the show really revolves around a cooking class of diffrent species which again sounds interesting but it always gets sidelined by a diffrent and more boring plot.. . Most of the core cast only really have one joke to tell the gets repeated over and over again like the Sloth (dies/lazy) or the Panda (Rich). The main character ...
It is difficult to understand what Koei Tecmo's goal was when they funded this anime. I would like to assume that the idea was to promote and boost the extraordinary Atelier Ryza franchise.. . If that was the idea, then we have to ask ourselves: what was going through their heads when they were developing the story?. Koei Tecmo had the opportunity to create a great story, to take advantage of their incredible characters, and thus captivate the world with the extraordinary world of Atelier Ryza.. . However, instead, we are faced with an incredibly bland story with no depth. Simply put, there is no story. Atelier Ryza can be ...
A brief introduction:. I will try my best not to spoil anything about the anime. This is solely my opinion so don't consider everything I say certain.. This anime is the ultimate dilemma of which is more important. The journey? Or the destination? If you choose the first option then you will rank it generously. If you lean on the second option you will probably hate it for its ending.. . . This review is based on the whole anime but it heavily focuses on the ending. My review will be about the following factors that I consider more valuable for this anime: Anime Adaptation, Characters and Plot.. . ANIME ADAPTATION: 8/10. ...
I had 0 expectations for this show, but gah damn I'm beyond disappointed.. . I've no problems with the beginning. You know, a person who has superpowers happens to be shy and socially awkward. Things start feeling very forced when the girl on the upside-down rollercoaster wastes EVERYONE's time by chatting up "Oh no no, it's fiine, just save others first." Then, as everyone's gotten off expect for her OwO! What's this? The rollercoaster suddenly has a change of heart and decides ro skidaddle out of there for some reason? Insert some dumb explanation why it yeeted iteslf out of the rails as it was coming down. ...
- The anime is more interested in boring convoluted worldbuilding plots than the family theme plot (and they don't add anything to this plot). - Lot of setup that goes nowhere and has no use. - The characters make you lose the motivation of wanting to see them together as a happy family in the long run. - Unnecessary uncomfortable sexual scenes with a young girl being horny for an old dude. - Payoffs with no setup. - Protagonist is kind of an asshole for no reason and to people that don't deserve it. . If you want a compelling emotional story of a dysfunctional family finding one interest in common and ...
Just think, every sexual moment up till 2nd season has been centered around kids in some way in the show, but everyone IRL keeps hyping up the show and refusing to admit the problems. Last season Rudy f*cks around age 15. Rudy as an infant, watches others' sexual moments. Without spoiling this season, some sexual stuff happens that has far more screen time and intention to show the viewer. You don't get to argue "oh but in the show, you're an adult at 15". There's zero excuse to promote the show. I don't even remember what episode I stopped at this season, because it was ...
It's got an interesting premise, and even though it was using it to tell a pretty conventional fantasy isekai power fantasy story, it had enough style that I didn't mind. But after the first couple episodes, the pacing slows *way* down, more and more time gets spent on digressions and flashbacks, the premise comes into play less and less.. . By episode six, watching honestly has started to feel like a chore. Every episode after 2 or 3 just left me thinking "well, that was ok I guess, maybe the next one is where stuff starts to happen?" Episode 6 just spent the entire runtime to not-finish ...
Rewriting this now as I've finished the anime. I assume if you already like Arknights, you'll have a bias that'll help you enjoy this show but otherwise it's perfectly said as subpar in my opinion. There are a lot of flaws from characters, pacing, and the story which irritated me. I don't expect an anime to be realistic, however I also don't expect it to be comparable to a middle school theatre class. I don't mean to say that insultingly, I just feel like that's a good representation of the quality.. . Pacing is incredibly slow or decently fast, there's no consistency however except in the final ...
When did this series go bad?. . I can exactly pinpoint the moment the series went down the Mariana Trench. Episode 81 "Thaw". From then on dumb shit became the norm for this series, including but not limited to: every shot projectile will miss the target without fail and a new unheard of ability of the titans, that most likely not even Eren or THE FOUNDER know about, was unlocked when the plot needed it most, completely out of the blue. I agree with Annie, I also didn't know titans would really be able to fly, HOW CONVINIENT! TRULY A MIRACLE! Also, wasn't Ymir's intention to ...
Overall, this show was just very messy. While I can say there were some improvements (this series did not start off slow like the 1979 original, getting into the action early and often), it shares many issues with that series and added a few more. Much of the finale felt rushed and too much was built on Kamille's sudden acquisition and use of certain absurd newtype powers. The whole narrative seemed like it was jumping from battle to battle, often with little rhyme or reason, and while the original series clearly was aiming to sell toys and finding any reason to come out with a ...
""spoilers for the ending "". so why you did the rumbling eren you did it for your freinds and people right?? no? you did it bcz you are dumb you did so ymir watch mikasa kiss a dead head. then you said mikasa saved ymir and only ymir knows... plot hole after plot hole..and then the hypocrite armin(the peace guy) saying thank you for genocide.. so why not leting him continue the rumbling.are the other 20 percent are more privleged than the others.then after time skip we've seen armin going to do some peace talkes? my guy couldn't do a ...
Mushoku Tensei's first season wasn't perfect, but it was very enjoyable. It walked the line of being that shameless anime you can laugh at while also giving us characters and narrative that interest us. Having completed season 2 part 1 I have to say this show fell off. The characters we get are cardboard cutouts compared to the first season's. Their motivations are non-existent, and the impact most of them have on the world is virtually nothing. The only episodes that might have lasting impact on this once-great story are the last two, and the Nanahoshi reveal, which was not the climactic event it should ...
Isayama initially penned the first 124 chapters of "Attack on Titan" as the epitome of peak fiction, captivating fans with its exceptional storytelling. However, as the story progressed, he seemed to take a different creative path, veering away from the axis of good writing.. . The ending he delivered left many, including die-hard fans like me who had held the anime in the highest esteem, feeling a sense of betrayal, disappointment, embarrassment, and even sadness. It was disheartening to witness the butchering of something so remarkable, where every aspect of its brilliance was systematically dismantled, rendering it all meaningless.. . Im not just an anime viewer; I started reading ...
What a disappointment!. I was expecting a lot more from this anime. I mean, MC has an OP power hidden within him, but his character is horrible.. . There was no growth with the passage of time, just chance encounters, which his grandfather left him. He always gets beat up due to his rashness and not taking into account the opponent's level. There was not a single fight where he could outwit or overpower his enemy.. . I mean, what's his role as an MC with OP powers?. . His sealed self is a hell of a better character, fitting for the image of an MC. Truly OP. But I am watching ...
I struggle to collect my thoughts, having just finished the final episode. I'm still confused on how exactly I feel and why. I have championed Attack on Titan as a modern masterpiece ever since Season 3, and even knowing the ending was incredibly divisive, I welcomed it with open arms, putting my full faith in Isayama-san. Ending a story in a way that is not only good, but pleases EVERYBODY is nearly impossible. But at the very least, a DECENT ending would have been an acceptable way to cap off this incredible story.. . Unfortunately, the only word that fits is disappointing. I've tried writing out ...
I hate this ending. I'm here to give you the reasons why. If you want to you can go hate on me inside my profile page, I'm not here to appease the fanboys. I want to provide my opinion on this, this is not a hate piece on Attack on Titan just the ending please let me be clear this bad ending does not ruin the show for me and should not ruin the show for others however it is bittersweet. This is not a Game of Thrones Season 8 situation where one season ruins the entire show it's just these last 10 chapters.. . "No ...
Well.... here we are, my work of heart, the one I cherished for years! the one that made me like mangas!. . Destroyed by an end worthy of the greatest disaster.... a catastrophic and completely illogical development dismantling the best character of the work!. . An end that could have been original but that in the end is so simple and unitile... Years of loyal service so that the author unfortunately makes an average ending that resembles enormously for purposes of other works!. . The work will remain a masterclass until the big terassement unfortunately this end will haunt me and I will follow the project "SNK Reqiuem" of person thinking ...
Finally this disaster is over. Good ideas, an interesting plot, ruined by a bad development of characters, a protagonist ruined by the author, and a conclusion that doesn't close the plots but raises more doubts.. It was worth it? Is it justified to approve a work if in general it was good and the ending is a disaster? No. The ending is the cherry on the dessert. It's what closes all the plots. It's the light at the end of the tunnel. If after the best banquet they feed me shit, i'm not going to give the restaurant a five.. Shingeki no Kyojin was just that. A ...
I just lost a bit of my life just to watch it, this is simply supplement to the first season. First season was great but this "piece", ymmm i think of shi... is terrible.. If you want plot you can't find this, i think it is ova but they wanted to create another season and this ending ......... can't imagine more stupid end for this anime, seriously. I had feelings that main characters are different persons than those in first season, i mean that they changed so much... I have mixed feelings about this becouse it was very good anime, they ruined this totally.. I ...
Personnaly as someone who have been bullyed for all of my school,i hate this story, maybe it's more touching for people having bullied others if the movie is adressed to them i don't know but for me it was like to spit in my face, like a message saying "but you have to understand the peoples harrassing you, they are not bad peoples and they have good reasons after all, in fact you the peoples being harassed are the problem, look what the poor bullyes that are good peoples have to endure because of you being a problem for them, but fortunatelly for you they ...
The Eminence in Shadow Season 2 attempts to build upon the premise set in the first season but unfortunately fails to address the fundamental issues that plagued its predecessor. The series continues to heavily rely on the same clichés and parody, which, in this iteration, feels even more forced and predictable.. . The exaggerated portrayal of Cid as the protagonist, aiming to become the 'eminence in the shadows,' doesn't evolve or deepen in Season 2. Instead, it remains stagnant, resulting in a character arc that feels repetitive and lacking in growth. The humor, which was a prominent feature in the first season, now detracts significantly from the ...
Shingeki no Kyojin, no matter if you hate it or if you love it, is definitely one of the most popular anime ever made. The first time it dropped it was an instant hit, being beautifully animated by Wit Studio and with the great directing of Tetsurou Araki, you could see that the people watching it were passionate about and it and even better the people working on it were too. Sadly, there was a studio change because Wit couldn't keep up with the schedule and the man behind the original story Hajime Isayama obviously didn't know how to have the story keep a momentum, ...
This review focuses on the entire series in a honest and constructive manner.. . But where exactly did it all go wrong? Maybe when Eren was revealed to be a titan? During the battle of Wall Rose? Post-timeskip content maybe? The correct answer is all of these.. . Attack on Titan was never really skilled at its writing, the characters are hideous with often lacklustre development. I won't deny the potential of creating memorable characters who might be remembered in history for who they are, but instead the only reason they're popular is their origin. Not to mention the bland collection of tropes and inconsistent themes and constant ...
It's the kind of series that we continue to follow because it's so bad that we're curious to know how far it can go.... . Once again, we have a very annoying male hero because he is incapable of saying more than 3 words in a row, but in the vast majority of his exchanges, he says nothing! Not even komimasai, there’s silence!. He lets the misunderstanding grow.... here we are not talking about a cultural difference from Japan but about a hero who has more communication problems than an autistic person.... As is often the case in school romcoms, the main character is a cliché of the extremely shy ...
Story - 2/10. Art - started as a 8, ended with a 3/10. Voice/music - 5/10. Personal enjoyment - as in the words of Tyra Banks "It was so bad, I want to give you a zero, but that's not possible, so I give you a one." 1/10. . I usually finish whatever I'm watching, however bad it is.. I just don't really drop anime's in general.. But this one might be both the first and only. So congrats on that I guess.. . I don't have anything against age-gap animes, I even like age-gap stories quite a lot and was pretty excited about this one when I heard about it. BUT when ...
The more you go here, the more you go there, I think that's the term from my country regarding this anime.. . What actually happens in the third season is getting further away from the main plot, Initially the main character goes to the dungeon to find a mate but ends up getting involved in various kinds of problems.. . This anime only has one story plot, namely. "Tutorial on how to escape from the deepest floor". However, it has a drawback, namely that the story is too short, so other things will be added to buy time as explained below!. . I don't think it's a problem if this happens, ...
I really like anime, especially in the past when someone was trapped in a deadly game like sword art online.. . For the first and second series, I really liked it, and even hope there will be a third season soon, because in the second season the story was hanging and still unclear.. . But it's a thousand times a shame, the third season of the anime is very disappointing!. . What's disappointing?. . In general, this third season only focuses on side characters, and this is what happens in this anime, what do they really think about this third season? Even though the second season has reached its climax and is approaching ...
Episode 1 was pretty slow paced and took too long to get to any sex scenes (considering we already know about the secret of the Milf Manor from the first series. Then they showed that there was a new femboy in the cast. I was beyond excited, especially at the cliffhanger of episode 1!. . Despite the bad review given to the previous series by the king of Milfs (CDawgVA), I was looking forward to episode 2 because the advertising (such as the DVD cover for episode 2) prominently featuring the Femboy. I honestly thought the hentai was going to focus on him mind breaking the girlfriend ...
To be honest i was excited at first. But, the inconcistences of mc dropped my expectation. He yelling about revenge, vengeance, etc. But he seems like doesn't willing to do so. Remember when all of us had shown the angry expression of the mc, i thought it will be rousing. But, what we got here? An impotent mc?. Oh god please.... You wanna show gore, so show it. You wanna show thrill, then show it. You wanna show revenge, a vengeance? So let show it. Don't show us a drama comedy.. You said you hate sugar but you still eat it, dring it! Don't made ...
Oh look, it seems I’ve finally found the origin of these terribly explained, water/weather-themed, sci-fi, romance, amalgamation anime movies.. . Now, let me lead with a question:. Name for me a movie where a teenage girl possessing some form of vaguely explained water/weather manipulation abilities meets a boy who somehow helps to resolve the issue all while growing a romantic attachment to her. The animation in said film is absolutely breathtaking, a clear attempt to distract from the fact the narrative is disjointed and illogical, while explanations are skipped over or just downright nonexistent. Maybe if the director is feeling ‘creative’, they’ll swap the genders around or change ...
At first episodes , I kinda like it but the thing is when I WATCHED THE 5TH EPISODE AND READ THE MANGA.....I think i will not watch this again. I think the story is kind of not good anymore . Sorry for the creator of this ,but I will not watch this again.. . I'm so sorry to say but i know some readers or watcher may like it,but I don't think that i can continue to watch this.Due to the main character is good at first ,but NOW i wanted him to be eradicated in that show and change to Doroka. At first episodes , ...
The story so damn mess, power creep not consistence, character motive so naive, in human side no one think about the logic behind killing the witch (Like come one, they help humanity and no single character think this is wrong to slaughter a witch or living creature).. . Witch have magic, but I'm not see any of them use magic at all. Magic defense is basic, they should have that as passive which always activate but can be destroy depend on the attack and defense level. But no they can't even use defense magic.. . Also they can't even cast attack magic, they cast magic that so long like ...
Beautifully animated utter nonsense.. Make no mistake, I absolutely enjoy many of the themes "Pluto" spends much of its runtime on. The "humanity" of robots, the meaning of "family", the vicious cycle of hatred - the show (and likely the original manga) has a lot of interesting things to say about them, and if you can turn off your brain (not unlike how the robots in the show can take out their "artificial intelligence" units from their bodies), you can definitely enjoy what it has to offer. The gorgeous visuals certainly help as well.. Unfortunately, the show requires way more willing suspension of disbelief than I can ...
Like all other Iseki's, besides a slim few, this anime falls victim to classic tropes, boring storylines, and overpowered OP. While it's a nice change of pace that he isn't overpowered from the get-go, it still plays into other classics of isekis that make it a bore to watch. I was really invested during the beginning episodes and I thought it had potential, but after you get a feel of the world, it becomes stale really quickly. It takes a lot for an iseki to be good and standout from the rest, and this anime just simply didn't have that special something... sorry
TL;DR this anime maybe only for the book readers. Note that this review is only after watching first two episodes.. . Watching the first episode feels like watching 10th episode of something, a lot of unfamiliar concepts: ghost marriage, ascension to heaven, gods, generals, heaven's realm, heaven's official, none of them explained, even in the second episode. Because I tried to learn a bit of Chinese culture before, I know that ghost marriage is a marriage between someone and dead people, but this is just one of the many concepts. Maybe an average Chinese person, the main target audience, maybe, don't need explanation of these things, I'm ...
Do u know kino no tabi, majou no tabi, or any tabi show yeah this show have similliar trope with i mentioned before since mostly story centered based on mc persfective but mostly activites they did only as observer at all. . The story tried in telling about the meaning of life and immortality, but it feels more like mc itself lectured by op and still her flat stoicism really on her peak compared other anime which ever be watched so far . If you wanna see unreveal world like Made in Abbys or various character persfective with interesting behind the scene like Mushoku Tensei pretty sure ...
This anime is nothing but stupid.... . I like the art and the animation, but the story is just nonsense.. This is more of a sci-fi anime than a romcom. Have you ever met someone who could forget their glasses several days in a row?. If they do it means they can survive a day without them and without too much discomfort. Because if you need your glasses to see, I don't know how you can even leave your house without realizing that you're missing something.. . The story is quite wholesome, as most romcoms these days, but nothing that would make me want to see a second season of this ...
I dropped it after 3 episodes, when the knights started using semi-automatic handguns while having a zoom call it completely broke the immersion for me. Of course the princess is overpowered in not only her foresight, which is an actual ability her character has and not just her memory of the game, but can basically do any skill perfectly (which is explained as her being able to do because she's the final boss). She teleported into the middle of a battlefield and took out a bunch of people with guns by herself, as an 11 year old, so she's definitely a Mary Sue.
Let’s cut to the chase, this anime has a good concept but is horribly executed, it is entirely consistent of filler episodes and movies that don’t perform well as this show constantly keeps going and going never reaching the premise or point of things. At the end of the day its the same thing repeated all over again, a stupid adventure, dumb jokes some being sexual which are overall unfunny. This anime certainly does have a successful idea but at some point it just gets tiresome. It is not worth watching over 1000 episodes for, its filler, filler, filler, nothing more and nothing less. It ...
Anime Theme Roulette 🎰 Review 1 🎰 Adult Cast. Well it seems the first entry in the Theme Roulette One Outs, is out!. . Admitedly some of the concepts introduced in the show are quite interesting, how one can use psychology to predict and influence the reaction of baseball batters is a good example. . Unfortunately these psychological elements are explored very scarcely, leaving room to a sleep inducing script, made only worse by the near constant narration. . The writing can only be described as a mass of complicated words put together to form phrases that lack any complexity. As for the characters, Tokuchi is very interesting when he dives into his ...
What seemed to be a promising emotional story about a girl who finds self acceptance from a childhood of neglect and trauma from a relationship with a cold yet gentle man. Into a story of saving the helpless princess. It just falls flat.. The soft magic system makes the battles almost feel like plot devices to move the story on as the viewer never really knows the limit's of each character's ability. There is a lack of suspense and the victors seem predictable.. With the exception of Arata using his illusion at the end of his fight.. The idea or message behind her finding self acceptance while ...
Darwins Lame.. . Despite having some incredible names behind its creation such as NieR: Automata creator, Yoko Taro and Soul Eater/ Fire Force mangaka and character designer, Ookubo, KamiErabi GOD.app was a massive disappointment. It is another edgy death game battle royale anime about chosen depressed teenagers receiving supernatural powers via their smartphones and trying to kill each other so they can become “God”… whatever that means, it’s never explained. It’s not enough that there seems to be an over-saturation of death game anime out there which all bend around people killing each other for the title of “God”, but KamiErabi doesn't do anything to shake ...
Redline is a nothing burger. You may as well just watch Nascar, because this movie is empty. It's a race, between what amounts to faceless competitors, because, they have nothing to add to this movie, except being drivers for a race. The movie fails at establishing anything of value for our characters, and their story. The characters are bad, lifeless, and boring. Redline is not an 8.28/10. It is a shallow movie that is animated beautifully, that is it.. . Animation 10/10. - Its gorgeous, incredible detail, great character design, and a crisp look.. Sound 10/10. - Great sound design, good ...
I was really excited about this, being an avid WoW player years ago. It started well enough the world rules and twist were really novel and gave hope for the series, this was two episodes in. After the auspicious start it took a left turn into crapaville.. The MC is boring good at everything for no reason sad sack. The ladies love him, the guys look up to him... Sad backstory he has it all. The main female protagonist started strong but could not resist strong man MC so now she is arm candy/sandwich maker. She is literally making sandwiches by halfway point of the ...
When a series that was greatly anticipated to be amazing turns out to be the opposite, there are usually two types of people: the ones who are being honest with themselves and acknowledge that the story failed, and there are the ones who delude themselves into still thinking it was a success.. Getting a shoujo romance adapted in this time is so uncommon despite their popularity and cute dynamics so I sort of understand why people would pretend “My Happy Marriage” is good after being deprived of ‘romance’ anime that are not filled with harems, fanservice and a generic male mc.. . Characters and story-. . Mio is essentially a ...
I enjoyed s1, I did not enjoy this season for the reason that follow:. . There is no real storyline that means anything, just episodic adventures which have no meaning and end with a boss that is quickly and easily defeated as each character is overpowered.. . Each new world is just passed by never explored or expanded, meaningless. Just used to fill a episode.. . Fights have no impact and aren’t interesting as they are over quickly have no build up and nothing of risk is on the line.. . The overpowerdness of characters becomes boring as they are never challenged and the quirkiness and uniqness of new skills has ...
I remember very well that this anime was very popular at that time, but at that time I didn't think of writing a review here, and only made a few disappointed comments on social media, So let me make a review here, although not completely because it's been a long time but I still remember very well why I didn't like this anime.. . 1. The storyline is very common and already on the market, generally someone goes to Isekai and is brought back to life with SUPER POWER.. . 2. Because this slime has super strength, of course defeating the enemy is not difficult for him, and to ...
I saw a preview of this anime on YouTube, and saw several scenes about the military which looked good to watch, that's why I tried watching this anime.. But unfortunately there are too many shortcomings!. . 1. The story telling is not neat, in my opinion this is almost similar to Mahou Shoujo anime or similar.. . 2. The character's character is bad, even though the character design is cute, it is made to be cheerful, even though it is in a state of war against the enemy.. . 3. There was a lot of screaming, I got bored hearing the voice of the main character who often shouted Aoichan......!!!. . 4. Comedy that ...
Story was really nice and smooth through out first season. However after second season it started to get really messy. They use the same rise and fall plot repeatedly and pretty much to be expected. For example when MC failed to defend his hometown he "died" but somehow is still alive and disguised himself and cultivate and later to be re-unit with his family, friends etc. then 50 eps later same plot again. MC "died", disguised himself and then cultivate and later re-unite with his family and friends. He also never really reconnect with his past. As a isekai-reincarnation donghua there should be element of ...
Obnoxious, boring, generic; that's how I'd succinctly summarise Hell's Paradise. But since there is a word count minimum limit, allow me to break it down for you.. . <>Characters:. -The MC is Gabimaru, he has a wife and he is hallow, that's all you need to know.. -The female characters, for the first 10 episodes (aka the whole damn show practically) can be put in two categories: Fanserverice or damsel in distress. Sagiri and Yuzuriha manage to get their shit together in the last 2 episodes though.. -The male characters are very basic shonen tropes; you've got the man-child, the oresama, the sus brothers, the white haired teacher ...
i did not watch beyond the 3rd episode so i can't tell how good the full season is, but the fact i couldn't watch further says enough.. i like to watch trash isekai every now and then as a guilty pleasure yet even still i've never dropped an anime before.. i don't like ecchi and i'm sure that's a big part of why i didn't like it but even beyond that the story didn't manage to captivate me and i came out of every episode feeling bored, and actively insulted.. it was predictable through and through, a single scene got dragged out way too long and the other ...
I started watching this show because it had some themes I liked such as assassins and traveling to another world. Sadly, the only positives about this show were that the episodes were really short and I liked that the female lead was kick-ass.. . The story/plot was rushed. There is zero world-building. I know next to nothing about the world that our protagonist is "reincarnated" into after watching the whole show. The only thing I picked up was that people have special powers and they get tested for it when they're kids. There was no character development. And then there was the cliffhanger ending. I'm a bit ...
Looking at this anime as a whole not just the first season, one has to be a special kind of power level autist to like it. MC makes no effort to be consistent with himself. The whole show carries this bizarre sense of forced dark fantasy, bleakness in it, and is full of contrived plot points that have some characters do some outrageous things. First of all, why does our MC kill? At all? Even those who are unrelated, insignificant or even outright hostile to him. Since nothing ever poses a threat, why kill or even torture those captured. Now remember MC is just ...
A Pain in the Bulls.. . Even though nobody in the anime community let the fact an anime studio called Nut developed an anime called Bullbuster get past them, it seems the joke was on us the whole time as Bullbuster gives us nothing but blue balls every week.. . The story revolves around a Kaiju pest extermination company and their new employee and engineer Okino who developed and built his own Mecha for pest control. Unfortunately, he learns there’s much more to a Kaiju pest extermination business than beating up giant mole rats with a robot such as insurance paperwork and company finances and whether or not ...
I decided to continue watching this after the first episode because despite the male characters being awful, i saw potential in how the love interest handled the situation. The series seem like it kinda wanted to fulfill that potential but failed to do so properly.. . Basically everyone except the love interest is fully awful, with most having no redeeming moments and the ones that do have extremely few redeeming moments.. . The overall plot is very barebones which can be fine if the characters are good, which they aren't. The animation shifts a lot in quality.. . Having the extreme "lolicon" character there aswell is weird to me, is it a ...
I had to drop it because I couldn't stand listening to the girl's baby voice.. . The story has been done before. Nothing new from what I saw. The art style is fine most of the time. Sometimes the characters looked a bit awkward but that's probably intentional and it wasn't a big deal. I don't recommend this if you dislike girls talking like they're a baby. This is a common trend in Chinese shows so if you've watched enough of them, you'll know what I mean when I say baby voice. To some people, it is "cute" and "innocent". To me it's just annoying.
One half mecha anime, one half... Japanese working life drama??. Yes, it's true, despite presenting as a very boring paint-by-numbers mecha anime, equal parts of this show are spent on the life of Japanese businessmen, except they work in a mecha "pest-control business" - which means the main characters worry about things like budget reports, go out drinking with colleagues, and get chewed out by higher-ups for minor mistakes like sending the wrong file because it had the same name as the important work-related one. Yes, that last one is a literal plot point. Doesn't sound too interesting? The mecha half won't be keeping you awake ...
I gave this anime a fair chance and it dissapointed me immensely.. . The main character is bland as fuck, his introduction may have been funny but it becomes very obvious that he is just another run of the mill generic genki boy.. . He's not stupid on purpose, but he makes incredibly dumb mistakes in the game that make him seem like a complete amateur WHICH MAKES NO FUCKING SENSE since he's introduced to be a extreme veteran who can beat a CBT level difficulty game in record time. I have to admit that my dislike for the MC also has much to do with bias, as ...
Everyone seemed to like this show for some reason, so I decided to watch it too. Little did I know, I was going to end up hating the main girl SO MUCH. I seriously liked EVERY CHARACTER except.. THE MAIN CHARACTER! HORI. She was so annoying, I didn’t like her personality at all. She was so selfish and controlling, treated everyone like crap and only kind to the male lead. And when you watch an anime you need to like the main character or else the show will be very painful to watch.. It’s a pretty basic shoujo story - and there’s nothing wrong with ...
Naoki Urasawa’s Pluto – A Post-Mortem. . I know most people who watched this show probably don’t care about this detail, but it’s one that I’m going to use a lot in this review, so I’ll get it as a starting point: Pluto isn’t just based on the manga of the same name by Monster’s author Naoki Urasawa, it’s also a remake of the “Greatest Robot in the World” arc from the Astro Boy manga by “God of Manga” Osamu Tezuka. Because of this, I’m going to compare Pluto to its original material a lot, as while I believe there’s aspects it improved from the classic story ...
Cringe garbage. . Guy wants to become best in the world for no reason and then becomes the best in the world for no reason. In the process he creates an army of sicophant women that follow him around and do his bidding, but he has 0 sex drive so he doesn't think about it in a harem way.. . The MC simply does not make sense. He is not human. His motivations, progression in power and character growth, all of it is either SKIPPED completely or it simply does not make sense. Why does he want to be the best? Why does he need the army of ...
I've talked about Yami Shibai many times. It's a franchise built around short form horror from ILCA. Thus far, it's been pretty solid. Let's look at the fourth series in the franchise and see if it continues that trend.. . Story:. . We follow the same pattern as the first three series. The narrator welcomes us to the theatre of darkness and we get a bunch of short, stand alone horror stories. That being said, this is not on the level of prior series. The stories in this one are almost a joke. There are maybe two episodes out of the thirteen in the series that are kind ...
Luna and Ryuuto's dynamic may be wholesome and all, but does it deserve a place on your watchlist? "Kimizero" is like the fast food version of a romcom, and not the good kind. The character dramas are so dull even a sloth would ask for a refund on its time investment.. . Four episodes in, and I'm still wondering if this anime was created as part of a secret plot to test my patience. The characters themselves are similarly dull, some borderline hateable. Ryuuto and Luna make for a boring main couple, Ryuuto's "friends" are insufferable, Luna's friend(s) are barely fleshed out, and the lone character with ...
Waited for Kougami the entire time watching hoping he’d eventually show up, and was severely disappointed in the end. The series foreshadowed him multiple times, even stating he was out on the run somewhere, but there was no search for him or anything. Usually, I can forgive plot twists like these in other series but Kougami really made the first season for me, and I wanted to see him again because he was so important. His relationship with Akane and his struggle with Makishima is what made season 1 as good as it was.. . The new characters felt bland, and their incorporation in the story felt ...
I cannot describe how utterly disappointing this shit is. I had this hyped up by my friends as GGO but actually written well and was super excited bc i love all the worlds in the SAO series just hate the plots. I want to clarify to anyone looking to watch this, and with a similar mindset i had, this is 1000 times worse than anything written in SAO. It starts of with a great concept as any of the other stories and characters you could see being interesting, but dont worry, this series does just as much to throw it all away. My first point ...
Low effort manga / anime.. Feels like author use Copy & Paste then Find and Replace all "Vampire" to "Dragon" saved and submitted his homework.. The plot is too cliche, The MC was quite boring, then by sheer luck his past self inherited his future self powers, but even after that, MC was still a soul less character, that lets himself be used by another "Dragon" (Vampire) to kill all the other shitty dragons that none has any quality as a "Dragon" all of them have more in common with a Vampire / Demon than a so called dragon, then there is this crazy evil "Angel" that ...
Wtf am I watching, and why can't I stop?. This show is extremely frustrating. I really wanted spooky freaky horror thriller, and I'm getting unironic harem with a dash of drama. The whole story is just girls being so unbelievably stupid I can't stop shouting at my screen. The harem is so absurd, I dissociate every time the romance subplot shows up. Also, so many things don't add up and only happen for plot convenience. This show fails on every front.. And yet, I keep watching out of a hopeless desire to get the story I wanted this to be. I know I will be disappointed, but ...
Darwin's Game, an anime adaptation of a high-stakes survival game, initially draws viewers in with its captivating premise. In a virtual reality world where players wield unique abilities to fight for their lives, the potential for excitement is evident. However, the series falters in its execution, earning a 4/10 rating.. . One of its major shortcomings is character development, especially with the protagonist, Kaname Sudo, who lacks depth and clear motivations. The narrative's pacing is inconsistent, vacillating between moments of thrilling action and sluggish storytelling, often leaving viewers frustrated. The animation quality varies, with some well-executed action sequences but also generic character designs and backgrounds.. . Furthermore, the world-building ...
What happened to this season of Tsubasa? It's quite disappointing, it's even worse than your average Isekai adaptation. Despite the first season having its share of mixed-bag moments it generously doesn't look as horrendous as this adaptation by Studio Kai.. . The plot continues where it left off, Tsubasa and some of his teammates joins up with the rest of the Japanese national team in Paris, France, where they play in several matches in preparation for the International Junior Youth Tournament to face off against worlds best national teams.. . Captain Tsubasa season 2 junior youth hen suffers from stiff movements, rubbish animation, bad art composition, average sound ...
this show had so much potential with how well researched it is about the entertainment industry and the criticisms it has on fan culture, but instead it is torn apart by this weird, incest implied and weird age gap sub plot that is honestly just completely unnecessary. the characters are ok, though some can be a mess and i hate that everyone and their mom has the hots for aqua, but a lot of them simply dont stand out to me. the art style and animation is gorgeous so i gave it the benefit of the doubt when watching, but it just came to the ...
Pluto is a story that really shows its age, is a statement that best describes this experience.. . It's the equivalent of playing an old game in todays standards and you're just left thinking that we've just improved so much on the formula. It's a story with a pretty weak premise, weak setting, and weak characters. Flash backs are very poorly inserted that you often don't even realize you're in one until ten minutes later because you're constantly jumping around between characters who are robots with rockets for legs. There is a lot of nonsensical behavior due to over use of unwarranted empathy that goes beyond all ...
I really wanted to like this one because I keep seeing cool battle scenes. I started reading this after Naruto ended and dropped it around chapter 100, couldn't remember why. Recently I decided to give the anime a chance and restarted from ep 1 this time. I just finished ep 60 and I have to say I can't force myself to sit through this anymore.. . Every character is a very one-dimensional anime trope whose entire personality can genuinely be summed up in a single photograph of the character. One-dimensional tropes are fine in the beginning as long as the characters continue to grow in complexity and ...
I went to the movie with some kinda hope after watching the trailer. . Pretty soon after the movie started I got disillusioned pretty fast because the movie mostly consisted of building up the backstory for a totally boring new character (poor boy got abused in his childhood, had a rough family background) and waaaaay too much talking for a Digimon movie.... . Overall the fight scenes and evolution scenes where animated in a fresh, modern style - yet this is by far not enough when you lack the overall feeling for a Digimon movie because of missing real, extended fights.... . Gotta say that this movie lacks nearly everything for ...
I'll be brief - this show is bad in a way that makes you a bad person if you can put up with it. The camera very clearly thinks that you think it's sexy and hot and funny when a middle-aged dude molests a sleeping preadolescent, and for a sizeable contingent of anime fans it's right.. . It's an absolute crime that art, music and voiceacting this good are wasted on this garbage. I keep wanting to give it a 1 but then I remember all the rest of the show and can't bring myself to grade it below a 3. When it comes to everything except ...
Undead Unluck is one of the many recent adaptations from the new era of weekly Shonen Jump titles. The premise sets it apart from the typical Shonen story; however, the severe tonal whiplash during episodes makes it challenging to take the story seriously, resulting in difficulty to care about what's happening.. . So far, Undead Unluck's structure revolves around fights in which the main characters must identify their opponent's abilities and then utilize this information to discover their weaknesses while simultaneously defending themselves. The concept of understanding your enemy's powers and devising strategies to counter them has always been an intriguing aspect of Shonen series (masterfully ...
This one is weeeeird, and not in a very fun way,. . First and foremost, the OP and ED for this anime are great! The animation is so well done, and it encapsulates the story in a way I saw very few OPs do. The ED has one of my favorite songs, and both have this surreal vibe that if the rest of the show compromised with it, it would be so much better than it is. So, watch the OP and ED, they really are the best this anime gets!. . As for the history, it is mediocre. It is somewhat surprising with its twists, and it foreshadows ...
Grooming and Pedophilia! I thought Japan was trying to get rid of this shit but we get an anime about this in 2023? Are they just turning every garbage manga into an anime? Girl in her first year of High School with her 26 year old guardian following her around cause he's fallen in love with her? Also the people that say it's not grooming probably don't understand what grooming is. He raised her to be his ideal woman after her parents died in a car accident (emotional vulnerability go!) and when she meets him he tell her now he'll be her Dad, Mom and ...
TLDR;. . BEGONE THOT!!!!. . . ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------. Ah, where do I even begin with this web of storytelling... "Bound by Fate: His High School Love Affair"? The title should've been my first warning sign, and yet, I trudged on—my curiosity is a curse, I swear.. . As a devoted anime enthusiast and a connoisseur of light novels, I'm no stranger to characters that tread outside the realm of 'typical'. Yet, this narrative, my friends, goes beyond that. Here, we are introduced to a female lead who frolics through the plot like a flagrant libertine, compromising the very essence of character development.. . What's worse? Our 'golden boy' main character seems to be ensnared by this ...
This is seriously the worst piece of media I have ever consumed, bar none. Now I realize that might come of as hyperbole, as such statements often does, however it is what I truly believe from the bottom of my heart.. . Now a lot of people who read that statement will assume I simply don't like the show because it is edgy. Which is a convenient excuse for anyone who enjoys this trash to throw at any criticism instead of actually debating it. I actually quite enjoy edgy media, in fact I mainly consume media which is unforgivably depressing. The difference is that I usually ...
Trash Game.. . A Playthrough of a Certain Dude's VRMMO Life certainly does what it says on the box, nobody can argue that. This is the story of a certain thirty-eight-year-old dude playing a light novel shovelware game written by someone who has clearly never played an MMO or witnessed the toxic carnage of an online multiplayer lobby.. . The light novel shovelware game fittingly called "One More Free Life Online” is the playground for the certain dude’s avatar… “Earth”… no seriously, his character name is “Earth”…. He decides to make an off-meta build as an archer who can craft healing potions and cook stat-buffing food and gets ...
They say that you can tell how crappy an anime is going to be just by the first 15 minutes of it alone. I don't believe that in general but oh boy, did this anime test my patience. There's a multitude of problems with this series that are evident within the first episode. By extension, you get a good idea of exactly how the writer handles things that bleeds into the writing for the rest of the franchise. Let me just list the things I noticed within the first 15 minutes and you can be the judge. They aren't small things. They're massive problems within ...
I didn't want to watch it but did so only because I wanted to write a review for this One Piece of Shit anime.. 125 Episodes in and just as expected this show is a completely overhyped pile of nonsensical shit.. . Let's start with Luffy. First of all he's not a Pirate. He starts out by setting a goal for himself to become The Pirate King.. What Pirates do is sail the seas and attack ships with valuable cargo. That's all they do. Then they take that valuable cargo to their Pirate Island to either store it there or sell it for gold. It's pretty simple.. . Does Luffy ...
Texhnolyze is a dark and brooding anime series that left me with mixed feelings. On one hand, it's a bold and unconventional attempt at storytelling, but on the other, its bleakness and slow pacing can make it a daunting experience for many viewers.. . The positive aspect of Texhnolyze is its unique and unapologetically dark narrative. The series doesn't hold back in its exploration of dystopian themes, human suffering, and the consequences of technological advancement. It pushes the boundaries of traditional storytelling, making it an intellectually stimulating journey for those who appreciate unconventional narratives.. . However, the show's relentless bleakness and the sheer weight of its oppressive atmosphere can ...
This anime started off hard. I did not expect to see that much brutality in the first episode, which makes you left wanting more after each week progresses, but then again, I enjoy the hot, psycho anime boy troupe.. . I like this anime because it makes question morals and ethics. Who is in the wrong here? The empire that committed mass genocide on the witches, or the human wizard who is killing innocents, including women and children, as an act of revenge for humiliating and murdering the only person you had in the world? Is this a show from the villain’s POV if he is ...
I think the anime would even be decent if it didn't constantly make us think that a 26 year old man likes a 14/15 year old teenager and emphasized so strongly the fact that he sees her as a woman,I don't like that keiya is his only figure paternal because is disgusting to think about a non-paternal love relationship between father and daughter, if you like this incest vibe I think it's the right anime for you, if not, I think it will make you a little sick.. . I liked the characters and really the personalities of the characters are even okay, otherwise the animation ...
After watching this show in a day I would describe this show as an average isekai anime but a really bad one at most. The character gets isekaied to another world and is pretty much an OP sage. He goes on to defeat many foes such as monsters and dragons. The MC has no character development at all and has no emotions and he doesn't even have a background. This shows that this anime was poorly written and is pretty much a waste of time.. . Characters 2/10: The MC didn't have any emotions or personalities to be likable and the supporting characters were bland they ...
I finished watching this anime in 1 day. So I will be giving a brief synopsis about this anime. The anime is a dark fantasy show that consists of rape, enslavement, & abuse. The Main character whose name is Keyaru in the beginning he has been taken advantage of (violated & abused etc) by people who were supposed to be his allies which mostly consisted of heroes. Being chosen as a hero by fate he becomes and obtains the class and powers of a healer. When Keyaru and the band of heroes confront the demon lord, in a brief moment when his allies are ...
I just wanted to watch some good isekai man... But NANDE?!?. . This anime is what you get if you;. give a 12yo that loves Isekai money to make an anime; and this is what you would get.. . Story: Random dev gets isekai'd and gets op stats. in a very underwhelming manner.. . Animation/Art: Extremely Basic. Best way to explain would be : "Not bad;Not good kinda average".. . Charachters: Funny how the side Charachters seemed more interesting then the MC. They don't even explain how he got isekai'd.. ...
Somewhat Disappointing.. . I think there's no better way to describe it. Initially, the plot seemed very interesting, but unfortunately, it didn't turn out that way.. . It starts well; the introduction of the initial characters and their development is very good. However, after the third episode, everything seems to lack coherence. They introduce characters without a clear purpose, which doesn't contribute to the story's development; the romance gets caught in a constant push and pull that promises to progress but ultimately remains stagnant.. . The animation is quite simple, which is understandable given the work's style, but the quality of the drawing is questionable at times, affecting the visual experience. ...
They gave a 60 year old man magenta hair, a terrible Southern accent, and Doflamingo's glasses and expect me to take him seriously?. . I checked this out after hearing that it was one of the best One Piece movies, and I am leaving completely unimpressed. The plot is "bad guy wants to destroy everyone" in service of the same boring backstory you use when you have no ideas for why someone can justify their extreme means. The animation is good for about 3 minutes total. It's uncomfortable in the fanservice department given the messed up ages of the female crew. Barely any of the crew ...
I would like to offer a "not recommended" review which isn't mostly about how Testsurou has an annoying voice.. I'm going to follow the format that MAL had me use last time I wrote a review, and make a note and give a score for Story, Art/Animation, Character, Music/Sound, and Enjoyment, with a final overall "why".. Art/Animation: Art is based on Leiji's manga, which has the One Piece problem of drawing women the same, except he does so for not only every women, but teenagers and old folks as well. Character design is a 2/10, then, I guess. It has basic anatomy, and pretty much nothing else. ...
Another show that got hyped into the stratosphere. This time, the big secret is a classic trick that all creatives consider at some point called "put your best foot forward". Even if the rest of your work is completely worthless, as long as the beginning can hold people, your success becomes almost guaranteed (sunken cost fallacy and all that). I am a bit ashamed of myself, but even I am not immune to this trick and so, after finishing this mess, I can safely say that ZOM 100 is a very strong contender for the worst show that I have actually finished. It's a bit ...
All three seasons of the anime were very good, but this movie failed miserably to deliver what it should have. While some people may disagree with me, I feel compelled to express my overwhelmingly negative feelings about it. I recommend that people simply read the final 2-3 chapters of the manga, which offer a far better ending to the series.. . The anime "Karakai Jouzu no Takagi-san" boasts exceptional art, solid direction, and great music. It may not be the funniest anime, but it captures the joyfulness of the characters, and had me cheering for Nishikata every step of the way in his interactions with Takagi. The ...
Never written anything in MAL, but this awful anime made me write a short review... . This is one awful anime.. In general CGI isn't great and in general a terrible art choice, but here it looks like the most generic, boring and lifeless thing ever, they also changed how Vash the Stampede looked for the worst. He is such a boring/blend looking MC now... On top of this they also left out Milly, although she is mentioned once, who had a pretty big role in the original anime and was somewhat of a crowd favorite.. . There is reason for Vash the Stampede's (the ...
This has to be worst thing I've ever watched, not even 5 minutes into the OVA and it gets weird.. The title is interesting because surely they're not incestuous, they are. The brother is so weird, he's overprotective and sexualises his sister to no limit. The title lies he doesn't love her, he wants her in a sexual way. The pair are the most boring and overdramatic main characters, they just boil down to what they are. INCEST. I don't know how either them think its good to want your sibling in a weird way let alone your twin.. Another thing is the god awful ...
It had the potential to be a very good anime, it's very cute even, but it gets lost in Echi and silly scenes, The art fits the story but the story doesn't have a weight that accompanies the art... Characters weren't very deepened, and their biggest plus point for me is just the cuteness. It's even complicated to create an extensive Review because I don't even have much to say about it. It's likely that those who watch it will like it a lot for the cuteness but I don't recommend it because it's just a detail, far from something complete, so I dropped it at ...
Aims for the stars, misses and shoots itself in the eye. I respect this show for trying. I judge it by how it actually performs, and it performs poorly.. . Obviously, this series exists because someone behind it is passionate about motor racing. If you want to see some car racing... go watch actual cаr racing competitions. Stories about sports can’t just be about sports, they have to be actual stories to justify their existence. There are multiple ways to achieve that. It can be Cute Girls Doing Sports. It can be sports-themed battle shounen about Friendship, Effort, Victory. It can be over-the-top camp where the fate ...
I don't understand why this anime has such a rating, nor why it belongs to the seinen category. If this anime is for anyone, that is for teenagers, for killing time. I was expecting an interesting story of students at the university, interesting events related to the diving club, interesting characters, but there is nothing of that. The characters are boring and one dimensional, actually they are all the same, there is not a single interesting character worth mentioning here. The whole anime boils down to casual conversations that should be funny but aren't, they're also pointless and cringe. There is no plot, no character ...
If you are like me who hates pacifist main characters who can't take a side then you are going to hate the climax. Our annoying MC couldn't take a side even though it has been abundandtly clear what he should have done but he continues to help the "villains" who also don't get any punishment whatsoever despite all the cruel things they did. when i reached that point i couldn't wait to stop the movie since it took a really tasteless and infuriatin turn. like get a drip and do what must be done. Hated it felt like i wasted 2 hours of my life ...
am i the only one who thinks the animation and visual design in this show is extremely average, sometimes even bad?? i feel this way about pretty much everything mappa puts out, but I went into this expecting it to be different. I tried watching some of the more talked about fight scenes on youtube, and I had the same reaction. Like yes there's a lot of movement, and sometimes there are cool individual moves, but overall the choreography was often hard to follow or didn't have great setup/payoff. the overall style also suffers from the look of "artists who have only ever drawn anime ...
This show is actually so ridiculously absurd, it's hilarious. Yes, it's extremely problematic right from the very beginning. Starting from the age gap to the harrassment to the imaginations lmao. This show is not meant to be taken seriously. I really hope the author wrote the manga as a satire because if they weren't, they are seriously mentally ill. Anyhow, I won't recommend this show to anyone. I was still able to sit through the two episodes because the premise just got absurd progressively and I found it utterly hilarious.. . P.S. Chad Shunsuke actually scored a friend's dad! 🗿 DILFs are only a dream for many.
THIS IS A VERY BADLY ADAPTED OTOME GAME!. . I kept watching because of the good-looking guys but gosh, it's so poorly done. The plot and everything else in the story is barely explained.. . It's sad because it has great promise. I do like these kinds of smexy stories once in a while.. . I expected there to be some sort of sexual tension. Or a tease. Or a hint of romance. But it didn't meet any of that.. . Because as much as some of the scenes are trying to be "hot" . . . at the end of the day, without proper build-up, and without any decent plot, ...
A Girl & Her Paedophile.. . I ask you to imagine a Shoujo scene with a tall, dark, brooding, debatably handsome twenty-six-year-old man telling his fourteen-year-old, barely starting high-school, pubescent yakuza mistress whom he raised like family, almost like a daughter, that he's been thinking about kissing her romantically for realsies behind a template of that famous scene from Smiling Friends where Charlie says “Look Pim, I know it's our job to help this guy and everything, but I think this guy’s a lost cause. He’s obviously made up his mind, why don’t we just cut our losses and get out of here?”. That's all I could ...
I gave this a 7, however I believe this entire show and this season in particular could be ranked anywhere between a 1 or a 10,There is just so much wrong and right in this season, there are so many 10/10 emotional moments that are immediately tossed out the window since the show runners need to show that kazuya is awkward or its been 20 minutes and we havent gawked a girl yet. I want to defend Kazuya because I think he can be a good character If the show lets him be normal, without spoiling, he seems to lack an understanding of human ...
After ep.10 I complained about this title to my friend and he told me that Violet Evergarden was written by an 18yo girl. Idk if that's true but it certainly is evident that neither writing experience nor talent went into making this. The protag girl for some reason was intentionally made to be as dull as possible and in absence of any interesting supporting characters this makes the story utterly unenjoyable. What we have then is yet another KyoAni eye candy without substance (alright +1 star for visuals).. . So for the recommendation part: I would argue that if you're a 10+ year old male ...
Why does this anime exist?. . Why does this anime exist?. . Why does this anime exist?. . . . Help I need to fill a word count or something please let me out of here. The comedy is bad and repetitive, the characters are not likeable. ...
While I thought the anime would be decent, and maybe slightly interesting, considering there isn't many series related to witch extermination, especially with that much cruelty. (there're some manga with similar concept, but they're 18+ and completely whacked) The more we go into each episode, the worse the writing becomes.. I don't know if this was messed up by the mangaka himself, or the studio animating it and finalizing it as a product, but the actions of every single character, their emotions, their train of thought, and reactions are all terribly written, as if done by a teen who's bad at writing essays... At this point ...
The moment you start watching this anime, you'll feel that something is off. The CG graphics in the in-game scenes are so outdated that it's hard to believe it's a work from 2023. It feels like you've gone back 20 years in time.. . But it's not just the graphics; the story is lackluster, and the characters are flat and passive, making it impossible to relate to them. There's no anticipation for the next episode due to the unconvincing narrative.. . Doubts arise about whether the writer even watched an esports match before creating this anime, given how little it seems to understand the subject matter. If you remove ...
This "thing" is so bad I don't even know how to explain it.. (Small amount of spoiler warning). . First off, let's dive into this the school and romance theme is pretty common in anime. The whole high school vibe gives authors an easy way to throw in romantic scenes without much fuss. It's convenient too, no need for some elaborate setup about the main character and pals meeting up. Cool concept, right? Well, that's the theory, but let me tell you how it can all go downhill.. . So, here's the deal. The first season had a major hiccup, which I'll get to in a bit. Towards the end, ...
Trash, trainwreck, confused. I love B movies and nonsensical plots, but this is absurd. It almost feels like it's trying to be Serial Experiements Lain, but hopelessly falls short. I also get the impression it's really made as a cynical cash-in, but I can't explain why for spoiler reasons. Avoid avoid avoid.. . My first issue is with the key characters. This anime is set up to be about the 'family', but it isn't really. The mother barely shows up and gets no arc at all, the younger brother gets plenty of screen time but little to do. This anime is about an angry neet who hates ...
I think this has become an objectively bad anime, and that is really too bad. The story is pretty cool and has so much potential to be a great anime, but it’s just not. First 3 episodes were pretty good, but the 4th episode took a horrible turn and left almost no room to recover. Pacing, gone. Story, gone. Consistency, gone. Combat quality, gone. Decent dialogue, gone. Music, poor. Art was always meh.. The first episode or two generally showed good effort in telling the story and putting life to the characters, after those episodes though there’s nothing to redeem the bad anime that this ...
Ragna Crimson is another anime that features a common edgy protagonist, an unfunny dwarf companion. Also, the focus on how to kill dragons with silver is really bad. The protagonist's fight in his edgy mode and the way the dragons are defeated lack emotion. Although the first episode lasts more than 40 minutes, it fails to capture attention, unless your preferences are aligned with the younger audience, around 12 years old.. . It is a completely repetitive story, the score it has and the comments that you could see on the pages where you watch anime are written only by children because they are just excessive overvaluations, ...
If you come looking for clean musical production - you likely won't find this enjoyable. This has officially earned my lowest rating for an anime to date.. . A story about hip-hop, with an underground type setting, is a good idea. It's a widely followed genre and has plenty of room for a great story - and great music to go with it. That's where it lost me. It's almost like the audio team was only given a maximum of 32kbps of audio detail to work with. The sound stage is terrible, flat, and lacks dynamism. I understand it's unrealistic to expect studio quality sound from an ...
After initially dropping this there is only one reason i gave in to giving it a second chance: Kyuubey is adorable. . Repeat after me, cats are adorable, cats can get away with anything, cats can rip your soul out of you and they'll still be the most eternally cute cuddlefluffs of the universe. . Ok now onto the actual review. . I'll admit, this wasn't quite as bad as i thought it'd be, it has a few redeaming qualities, the aesthetic for one, from Madoka's house to the school to the hospital, these imposingly large settings along with the series's borderline obsession with chairs gives it an incredibly eerie vibe. ...
*spoilers for Gundam Build Metaverse, as if anyone actually cares about the plot for this one*. . Gundam Build Metaverse is the latest 3 episode Oobari Gundam anime, and much like Gundam Breaker Battlogue, it’s stupid and terrible. It’s selling the Metaverse as something great for Gunpla and as if it’s any kind of positive thing to speak of, rather than a predatory version of VR with 796% more microtransactions and crypto peddling. It does all this by showing previous main characters from other Gundam Build shows all happy while the kids play with their toys in this Metaverse which is hardly a leap forward from the ...
Why do you watch anime where the protagonist is reborn into a fantasy world of magic and swords? To see his so called "realistic" struggle with the mental trauma? No. We watch it to get away from our shitty world to a fantasy world where the dominant protagonist goes through an adventure and comes on top. If we wanted to watch a person struggle with a mental trauma then we will go to some drama series.. In this season the writer was all out of ideas I guess. Because of that this shit season was made.. If you are here for my opinion on this season then ...
This show never made me laugh, never made me take interest in a single character. AND had a semi-idiotic plotline that was unbelievable stupid and boring.... I can't believe anyone would write that it was, 'hilarious.' (Of course maybe if they meant hilariously bad).. . It suffers from a completely unlikeable protagonist. It has a hyper yet failing pretext about religion. It takes all the negative aspects and tries to make fun of them via terrible tropes.. . Once again, I find this show to be a waste of animation talent. Is there really NOTHING better they can find to animate than this crap?
Ok, Fuuka is not the best work of art that existis, but Stiller it was the first manga that I got real lya attached, back in 2017. I was an anime only guy before that. Anyway, I love the manga of the series, so I decided to watch the anime after I've read some stuff of the manga, and oh God, what a bad decision. The anime is fun and all until it gets to the end of it. I will not say what happend, but it dramatically changed where the story headed, to a point that is impossible to even go back to what ...
I cannot Express in words how much I trully dispise this siries. God, in the Middle of the series I felt some liquid in my ears. It was melted brain and blood. The Aho girl is the most annoying and stupid character that I ever seen, to a point that is not even funny, its just awful. His friend is also as annoying and disgusting as she is, even though He should me the Normal guy that gets annoyed and suffers a lot :(((. IT JUST DON'T WORK, God, he becames just annoyng as her with his attitude and violent temper. The only torelable character ...
Overlydramatized sob story. If you're a man don't watch this. This loser women's power fantasy.. While male power fantasy characters start of average looking, this girl is beautiful.. As discarded she was now she's wanted by everybody. Being wanted is the power fantasy of women.. Drawing quatility is fine but there is little to no animation as images are mostly still.. protagonist's voice is very annoying.. Well I think the actions of this girl is very feminine which goes with the theme, it's not something for men.. Honestly I was bored as I saw where the story was going, I didn't want to put more commitment to it.
When I watched first episode of Naruto, Bleach or Shingeki no Kyojin I knew I found something great and I wasn't wrong. First episode of Kimetsu no Yaiba was beautiful, it sounded great, but it was incredibly boring. And it didn't get better. I dropped it when I realised that everything here is generic: plot, maine character, the evil. Everything in this story seems obvious too and Tanjiro becomes more and more annoying. I could point specific elements in KnY and explain where I've seen them and why they are so bad in this anime, but I don't want to waste even more time for ...
For starters, don't be personally offended because someone is criticizing something you like. If you took your time to read this (possibly bad) piece of critic, do it so in an impartial manner.. . WORLD BUILDING AND A LITTLE MORE. World building is nonexistent. That pretty much sums it up. I can start by criticizing the beginning of the FIRST episode where, as if stating its own blandness, it showed the infamous rape AGAIN (in its entirety). Why? One could say that it was used to define the grimdark setting of the anime, or even to try to show the personality of the protagonist. But the rest of ...
One character... really can ruin a season. An entire franchise, even. And that character is Wiene, despite all who may praise or defend her character. She made the show too serious and too realistic, removing the joy and fun that the series used to be. This season was borderline unwatchable because of her. We want to see Bell's growth, not this nonsense, this moral dilemma about monster rights.. . Danmachi started as an ecchi slice of life, much like Konosuba. That's why it got popular in the first place, and it was supposed to stay that way. Thankfully the next season restores the status quo to a ...
Another cliche magic school anime with boring characters and the cliche of the power of friendship that resolves any problem, the premise had potential, "a school that is possible die inside while trying graduate", no one died, if died I can't remember because the characters are boring and irrelevant to have any memorable moment.. . Art syle is good and was the thing catch me, definite above medium, it can sustain the quality in moments of fights, some episodes with a lot dialogues looks like a good PowerPoint, animation doesn't disappoint much when necessary and music was tasteless to be noted.. . Story was very predictable as always ...
The source of this anime is amazing, it deserved much more than this horrible adaptation. . In this adaptation the pace is incredibly fast, in just 4 episodes it covered a lot of major story points, depriving them of any meanings and pathos, making them unnoticeable. . The art could be passable if not for the complete disregard for proportions. Animations are powerpoint level. . Music? I can't even recall the op or ed the soundtrack is meaningless. . I just can't watch it anymore despite my love for the source, i even regret to have watched 4 eps. If you are interested from the synopsis or whatever else just do yourself a favor and ...
Jiok is a Studio Dadashow work from mid 2006. It was directed by Yeon, Sang-ho and I have no idea what to expect from it so I'm just going to dive in.. . Story:. . The basic story is that this is a semi-fantasy world where angels exist and they show up to tell you future events like when you're going to die and where you're going after you do. The film contains two halves, one where a man is told he's going to die shortly and he's going to hell and another where a woman is given five days and told she's going to heaven. The film ...
I'm gonna start off by saying that the animation is pretty good, the opening from Back-on is solid like usual, I kinda liked the setup and personality of the new characters, and seeing the old favorite characters show up was fun.. . The problem is everything else.. . This show feels like somebody had a whole plot lined up, but then at the last minute a Marketing Suit walked up and told them they had to cameo basically every major past character, making sure every new Gunpla they want to sell shows up, and they only had three 25 minute episodes to do so.. . So out goes ...
The story is lackluster at best and lets be honest, it takes a backseat to the hip-hop/rap performances. Nothing about the story was interesting; I know I'm not familiar with Japanese hip-hop culture, even though I do listen to a lot of rappers (artists & battle rappers) from that area. Maybe that's why it didn't jive with me like it should have.. . The odd hip-hop segment will have 1 character with awesome rap flow but that's it. The beats are terrible; well written on their own, just not good enough to freestyle or rap to. I suggest someone remix it - I ...
This show promotes noncery - not ok at all. . I decided to give this anime a go because I thought to myself there was absolutely no way an anime would be this blatant. Sad to say it is.. . The FL is 15, the ML is 26. He's her guardian. This is just straight nonce bait.. . Which sucks because the art looks decent, genuinely a really nice style though I worry that now the design of the FL is meant to emphasis how young she is, which again just gross. I don't see much good with this series, like it's actually just weird and genuinely made me so upset ...
"I can see people calling it a fun guilty pleasure, but one of the highest ranked anime of all time is a catastrophic crime". . Hunter X Hunter 2011 is one I have heard of for years. In fact I caught up to the manga many years ago during one of the many hiatuses. I remember thinking the manga was pretty good. Anyway my brother told me it was his favorite anime. He is not usually into anime so I thought it would be a great thing for us to bond over if I watched it again. And so I started.. . At first things seemed good, ...
Ok guys, for those of you who have watched the first season, you definitely think this anime is good?. Yes, that's what I feel too, especially since the opening song is still ringing in my ears.. . However, since the second season, I started to dislike this anime, not because of the bad quality, bad characters, but because the MC is really, really disgusting.. In the second season I was starting to get bored with this MC's behavior, especially if I had to see him again in the third season, it wouldn't be that great.. . So the main drawback in my opinion is that the character named Kazuya is ...
Another waste of anime talent. I rated this 4(bad) as I just watched another anime that was even more cringy. Why the need to make super overpowered reincarnation animes are beyond me. I'd run from this one.. . The protagonist is an unlikeable and poor excuse for a living being. I can't really say there were any redeeming facets about the worm. I think a worm is more impressive in personality than this self-proclaimed shut-in. The whole show is centered around this SUPER powered idiot that's so bored, even in his reincarnated life, that he's still bored, still WANTS to be ...
It's sad to see such a waste of potential and skills at anime used in such a terrible fashion. Making people so overpowered that there's no need for a plot as there's no reasonable antagonist.. . Characters always screaming and have no real substance. I can't understand why they'd use a girl for the voiceover of the English dub. It sounds awful and worse than even Naruto (a cringe worthy voice if ever there was one).. . I wish anime would get labeled as 'slap stick annoying' when there's no real substance and that reviews on this site were shorter and to ...
This has to be the most psychopathic anime I ever watched in my whole entire life. Art style and music was great for it being one man, but the story got way too deep and serial Killy. Is this some sort of cry of help? like dude this got Hella creep for a 4-minute length labeled movie. This actually is some creepy pasta type beat right here. Man is pulling an ynw Melly but in anime form. I can't. Make a movie not a crime scene please, watch at your own risk. I would for real give it a 0 because it Doesn't have my ...
the anime are not bad at all, but, dont have any reason to watch this, its just a lost of time. its just boring, start boring, end boring.. . the anime dont have desnecesary fan service, and i like this in the anime, the desing of the caracters are nice, but that was the good points, dont have any other. . the desing are really good, but the animation are average. . the history, just doesnt exist, its a sequence of fillers. . the caracters development, dont exist too, the fox girl say a thousand time "wow, they are progressing", but we barelly can see any diference on the protagonists. ...
Story and Characters: 3/10. . . Kanata does not have an ambition to be the best racer, drifter, or to win anything. He moved to Japan to find his father, and does a terrible job in that part.. . A typical underdog story with amazing skills that comes out of nowhere. He meets a girl named Ren Saionji who apparently does not believe in love at first sight, but falls in love with him at first sight.. . The anime emphasizes in the first episode how "hot" they both are, like it's supposed to add something of value. Kanata gets invited to the MFG and that's how the story begins.. The protagonist has ...
This is the most cringey, edgy, 'look how deep and conflicted I am', garbage I've ever set my eyes upon. Absolutely no decency, no self-respect, no authenticity, no common sense, no nothing. It's just another reminder of a perpetually morally bankrupting society nowadays. Thanks!. . To put this basic, it's porn. With a terrible story and characters I can't empathize with. It's about sex crazed horrible people who create a love hexagon with terrible cliches. The story is stupid, it just keeps getting worse and they dig further into becoming a slut.. Characters are terrible, contrived, unlikable, and honestly just plain disgusting.. . No, I would not passionately make out ...
This MIGHT be the worst anime I've ever watched.. . I've watched a tad bit of anime in my time being alive, and this has to be the worst I've ever sat through. So terrible that it has prompted me to write my very first review. I find it jarring that majority of the reviews on this anime are mostly positive. Did we watch the same thing? Am I stupid? Did I watch the wrong anime?. . From the first episode to the last, this anime brings nothing. The animation, art style, soundtrack, characters, and plot are just... bad.. . The animation is very slow. The fight scenes make ...
This was disappointing and frustrating to watch. It is a short series with even shorter episodes. You would think there would be some real development, but it fails to meet the smallest of expectations. No development. No story. No character building. Every situation had predictable endings.. . All it has going is the artwork for the female characters. Why in hell, does the ML not have a face and no one has names?!. It’s like the writer couldn’t be bothered with it.. . My Tiny Senpai was waaaaaay better. I say don’t waste your time on this and watch My Tiny Senpai instead.
16bit Sensation: Another Layer is just bad.. . If you know anything about technology, it's frustrating how main premises and plot points resolve around topics author of the comic book didn't research all that well.. Looking for good, quality and well executed art? Go look somewhere else.. Series got seriously cheap vibe and already on third episode it went from mediocre to "quality" filled. The classic "quality" that will get fixed on bluray release.. Audio.. Whoever decided to cast high pitched hamster for the role of main protagonist... dunno, it's just baffling. Soundtrack is bland, opening song is weak, ending one is skippable as well.. . Main plot: a young adult, or rather, ...
Kuroinu II: The Animation is the adaptation of the visual novel 'Kuroinu 2 — In'yoku ni Somaru Haitoku no Miyako Futatabi' by the company Liquid, presented as an episode released in the year 2021. This anime serves as a spiritual sequel to the earlier series of the same name.. . The story unfolds this time in the western lands of the continent of Serenus, at the heart of the nation of Negramstia. A century after its inception, this nation had reached the pinnacle of prosperity only to plunge into decadence under the reign of the formidable Empress Radmila and her extraordinary powers. Other nations, no longer able ...
Hello Everyone, this is my first review ever and what a better way to start, than from lowest rated anime in my completed list (at least for now).. . Oh dear Shinmai Maou no Testament. How much guilty pleasure I had watching your first season and how I suffered during the second one. But to begin with something positive.. . Graphics and music. . I have to say that both graphics and music are pretty good and they are an overall improvement from the first season. I don't want to write about them much more, since they didn't blew my mind, but they haven't worsen the experience. What did, however, ...
This is 100% the worst piece of hot garbage i have ever seen in my life. It's about an ugly sh*ta stalking some man he met years ago, stalking his sister just because they're related, destroying the mail he delivers and then getting praised for it, etc. Not to mention the author is most certainly attracted to minors, given how many weird, uncomfortable scenes there are of actual children with extensive talk of their underwear habits. This show legitimately made me uncomfortable numerous times and I think nobody should watch this. Even prisoners at Guantanamo Bay should be spared from this sorry excuse for a ...
the premise of the show was promising. but the protagonist of gleipnir is so fucking boring. my guy adds almost nothing to the show. the show is worse because it's not even bad it's average, absolutely average. I did not find any enjoyment while watching. the pacing is bad, characters are mid, story at first glance interesting then super average. at first I thought "wow the story will probably be unique". It was, in a very average way. It was uniquely average.. I wish this kind of animation was used in other shows because the animation really grabbed my attention. so the only good part ...
Psychedelic shitshow that sexualises sexual violence and abuse towards women. I think I made a mistake watching this because Osamu Dezaki was involved and Tatsuya Nakadai voice acted in it, lesson learnt. It's supposed to be about sexual liberation but the art is crude and brutally exploitative. The creator of this movie were probably a bunch of men with no idea the nuance of the experience of woman and their sexuality. Really unique art and watercolours used, really some of the frames were gorgeous. But tacky and gaudy execution.. . I rarely write reviews, i just hate this movie so much i had to write one.
Well how do i say it!! I didn't liked it. After watching season 1 i was waiting for the season 2 but for me it's a total disappointment. The second season starts Very quickly and we see the villain. they doesn't explain who is he ,where did he come from? what is his motive!! Just a bad guy who wants a times skip powur. First time i was like oh strong how they gonna defeat him? But after episode 10 they easily defeat him like he is a a bad guy from filler episodes. I watched like 10 episodes and there were no good action ...
There are some audio and animation issues, and voice acting is not always on point. The writing is not good, except for some of the comedy. Many dialogues and interactions are poorly written, suspense is not done right, the villains are just evil to the point of being silly, the male protagonist backstory is not realistic.. . Though there are some interesting plots thrown in the mix, a little less focus on continuous action and a little more slice of life would have benefitted Super Star a lot, the protagonists *are* interesting, and some relationships between characters could have used more room to breath.. . Season 2 ...
One of the worst animes I have ever watched, the worst romance for sure.. . Bland characters, absolutely poor story and dialogues, extremely predictable, boring and self centered.. It pretends to be deeper than it is.. It's like a young man's fantasy of what is like to be an adult with an adult relationship acting like a mature adult for their age.. It's like the author had never had a relationship in his life and he's just guessing what it feels like.. . Episodes 7 to 11 felt like I was rewatching the same thing over and over again. I swear to god I was checking to see if I wasn't rewatching ...
I only got to chapter 7 because I literally fell asleep while watching. It is amazing that someone payed anyone to animate this bunch of shit, even the animation is crap.. I thought it would be funny when I read the synopsis, but I couldn't have been more wrong.. I only got to chapter 7 because I literally fell asleep while watching. It is amazing that someone payed anyone to animate this bunch of shit, even the animation is crap.. I thought it would be funny when I read the synopsis, but I couldn't have been more wrong.. I only got to chapter 7 because I literally fell asleep ...
This is an anime that's so bad, it was actually difficult to track down. The only torrent of the video always stopped downloading at the last megabyte, as if worried that completing the download would install a gypsy curse on my computer. Nearly every archive of the video is either dead or behind a suspicious paywall. And, the cherry on top, I ultimately had more fun trying to find this obscure piece of forgotten media than I did actually watching it.. . This is the only review that will likely ever be written for something this completely horrendous, and so allow me to do the solemn duty ...
This show finally made me realize something, I am no longer the target audience for seishun romances.. . I hate the miscommunication, I hate the blatant and stupid misunderstandings, I get so bored whenever the two shallow main leads stare at eachother for a ridiculously long time while a slow piano piece plays in the background and I cannot for the life of me stand what massive dumbasses all the side characters are.. . So I guess it's good that this series finally made me admit to that, but besides that it has little no other positives.. . I was really hyped to finally get another romance that deals with age ...
Anime Genre Roulette 🎰 Review 13 🎰 Vampires. . Another extreamly difficult review to write, why you ask?. . This show is not good enough to lord over nor bad enough to justify laughing at it or going on a raging rant. Everything from the direction to the script to the animation is utterly mediocre. And mediocrity puts me to sleep. . Oh what's that? You aren't here for anything above avarage, just looking for something gore-filled for a fun halloween night?. Well this anime ain't even good for that!. ...
After seeing the ending of the first season when Rudeus was abandoned Eris, and in the OVA version it showed that they had just grown up, made my interest in this anime decrease even more.. . After seeing the illustration of Rudeus growing up, I thought his thoughts would also grow up, but after seeing the second season, all of that was refuted.. In this second season, Rudeus is mostly daydreaming, absent-minded, and his comedic value is completely lost unlike in the first season.. . The next disappointing thing was that Rudeus was still stressed after being abandoned by Eris for no reason, and the worst thing was that ...
Terrible and transparent copy of DragonBall. Every idea has been lifted from some part of DragonBall prior to 1996. The main character is a (horribly designed) version of Goku. There's a Piccolo, a Krillin, a Roshi, a Yamcha, etcetera. It is surface-level theft, but every character is infinitely worse than what was copied. Goku now has bright orange hair that, for some reason, becomes straight like Paul Phoenix when he's angry. Krillin is obese, has a bald, flat head, and is obsessed with trying to get women. Their personalities are beyond a parody of themselves, and in the dub I watched, they were unimaginably annoying. ...
A very uninteresting and dull detective themed show with a very boring main character.. . Beginning sucks for sure. Begining is what left me a bad impression of this show. A guy who's been off the business for so long agrees to get back into business after this guy he's never met his entire life says he would care for him during the action. Truly a very cliche and an unrealistic start to the anime. About 10 mins is wasted for this. The op detective guy is so boring he doesnt even tries to solve the cases. He literally knows everything. He sees a dead ...
Watching this anime was honestly challenging I had to get force myself to watch it. The story has been stretched for money, so nothing really ever happens and when things do happen the mc fucks up and sends the story back.. . The characters are forgettable and flat. It feels like the. author doesn’t care about them. Other than the mc and. some of the female cast their just forgotten by the author.. The mc is a literal idiot who somehow got into college.. ...
Birdie Wing Season 2 is an absolute mess and it pains me to say that.. . After finishing Birdie Wing Season 1 you get the distinct feeling that you watched the first half of a season rather than a full season on its own. Which is awkward but survivable, if the second season just finishes that promised arc. But unfortunately it is abundantly clear what happened here; halfway through production they were told they were only getting twenty-four episodes and were going to be cancelled afterward.. . Maybe that's a bold statement to make but its the only thing that makes sense with how erratic the pacing is for ...
This show is so.. SO BAD. I just can't believe that it's considered peak fantasy by so many people. This season's starting arc was the worst part, I truly considered to rate the whole season 3/10 because of the sheer physical pain from it's storytelling. I'm not joking, can't imagine that there is even one single person who didn't cringe from Rudy's maniacal obsession over Roxy's panties. In every stressful or just really any emotional moment in the first arc, the panties must play a role - he squeeses them in his pocket or smells them, or just thinks of them. It's ...
If you want a normal story about people overcoming their emotional problems and well paced developments stay away from this anime.. Personally my score is that low because I feel betrayed by the story.. The parts that made me interested in it and the general progression of the plot are discarded and substituted for cheap moments of shock value and a complete disregard about pacing.. Until episode 5-6 I had my doubts about some aspects of the story,but was interested in the redemption and recovery of the main characters,but like I said,this goes to the trash and the story never really recover,ending without really accomplishing anything other than ...
Ahh.. finding the forgotten gems of the past is hard but always a thrill. We are bombarded with hundreds of shows in this day of age, yet it's nothing like going back and watching a hand drawn shows now and then.. . Legend of Basara was made towards the end of previous century, based on the source material that ran though the 90s and as expected from shows of that time it follows some basic principles that were used then. You can't really take them into account while evaluating an anime (the endless name calling for example). It's just how the things were back then like it ...
It’s fascinating how fundamentally, ontologically bad this series is.. . “Ontologically" means by its very nature rather than by circumstance. Most bad stories are bad for pedestrian reasons like bad dialogue or bad characters. Theoretically, you could fix those and tell the same story in a way that makes it good. Wataoshi is an entirely different beast, you can’t fix its dialogue or characters because nothing is wrong with those. It’s bad because its themes are repugnant, its premise is stillborn, its format is unsuited for storytelling, and it's an all-around artistic failure.. . One half of it is that the show belongs to the otome villainess isekai ...
"I'm a bird, Morty". 6/10. Alternative title: I max out Attack and Luck, and Truck-kun never got me, but VRMMO did. Am I actually the Strongest Lvl1 with solo-levelling OP cheat "debuff" skill in Another World?. . Are the Visuals great? Yes.. Is it better than Sword Art Online? Yes.. Is Shangri-La just another generic non-tensei isekai without the visuals, and without SAO being the godforsaken benchmark? Also, Yes.. . Takt Op Destiny, Lycoris Recoil of this season. Eyecandy hiding a boring AI generated story. One Piece levels of pace with barelarely 14mins of anime every episode, rest are recaps, omakes and mascot doll cringe. A short/ONA masquerading as a fullfledged TV anime. /EndReview.rtf. ...
Fourth time's the charm, right? Surely Adult Swim and Production IG will get it right! Serving as the direct sequel to FLCL: Alternative, this is set to be the final FLCL series by Adult Swim. Will the sequel project go out with a bang or a whimper?. . We follow our protagonist Masaki and an eccentric girl named Harumi, who have locked themselves in a strange tower. Masaki has the ability to see these strange ghost-like beings that seemingly no one else can. The two venture into this mysterious tower to find the answers they're both looking for.. . The series starts out with quite a bit of promise, ...
After watching, overall 6/10, not good and not bad, just normal.. . 1.This anime adds a little fan service to certain episodes and especially in the ending, but in my opinion, instead of fan service, it's better to focus on the storyline to make it more interesting.. . 2.The character who is too excited about her dry comedy is called Caroline Carol, which I think is just ordinary.. . 3.For the MC's background, it is also absurd that war victims continue to live peacefully and there is absolutely no further information about the results of the war.. . 4.The MC's voice when he was little and his pseudonym character was ...
The concept of this show suggested some nice fantasy slice of life comedic potential. Instead we have an airheaded teenage witch that is irresponsible with dangerous magic and has a tendency to be maliciously abusive to anything she decides she doesn't like. Her torment of the guy that genuinely likes her mom is not funny at all. The fact that she appears to get away with it with no consequences either makes it even worse. The mom is a sweetheart. The daughter is a monster yet fawned over. Extremely unlikable character. Also the Auntie with the BDSM simp "familiars" is also totally unnecessary and unfunny. ...
Ultimately this is one of those niche concept pieces from the 80s that the japanese were doing.. . On the pro side it has 80's animation. Its not the best ever but far from the worst.. . Themes are heavy but generic; humans are problematically tribal.. . I understand this was adapted from a late 70s manga, so problems with pacing or glossed over plot elements can probably be attributed to this. Overall this didnt make it unwatchable but imo may have led to characters being somewhat unrelatable. Not having read the source material though I cannot confirm, maybe they're just inherently written not to be relatable, its not an unusual ...
This is a singularly unfunny anime. You have the world's most unlikable main character, teamed up with a punching bag, her mother, and a summoned creature. The mother does have two witch friends, but they offer nothing in story building.. The art style is not bad but nothing special.. The plot is always "airheaded girl attacks anything that likes her mother.". It is not even a good "slice of life" anime as they don't progress from the single joke.. If watching characters get hurt, killed, eaten and abused, you have found the anime for you.. All that said, if you liked Dropkick on my Devil or The ...
this anime made me come back on MAL after a couple years of not updating it just to say this was a really badly written and directed show, i mean some of the concepts are interesting, but just are barely explored. It feels like a fanfic some 13 year old wrote, lack of direction and like kinda stupid side plots that it'll explore then ignore then explore again it's strange. The main characters i find to be annoying and very 1 dimensional, like some of the random mood-swings which is supposed to "show off their personality" come across like how a child would act. Also ...
This is a very tough rating.. . On one hand the second episode, Kondos gorilla marriage, is a nice episode. An 8/10 on its own. . But the first episode, Im giving it a 2/10. It would be a 0/10 but it had some really nice comedy.. . The Semi-Final should have been part of the Silver Soul Arc, and Kondos marriage should've been part of Farewell Shinsengumi or some other place as it did not make sense to put it here.. . The OP is same OP, it was not bad.. . ...
This show has devolved into just countless side characters fighting each other with minimal backstories on all of them. This show in general focuses more on side characters than the main characters and for that reason I can no longer continue with this story. Ohma Tokita and Kazuo Yamashita are nowhere to be found for the first four episodes of this new season and with how little both of their personalities are the creator has to rely on side characters nobody cares about to keep the viewer interested and for me it's just not worth watching if the main characters continue to just be put ...
*maybe slight spoilers on how the episode is structured. . Man, I really wished they never produced this OVA. The preceding two seasons of Kaguya were a 10/10 for me (I've not gotten to the third season yet), but this OVA was a disaster.. The OVA consists of two disjointed stories, both of which were awful.. . The first story was excessively lewd, featuring bouncing breasts and almost-naked characters in extremely compromising positions. It's extremely hard to believe that this is the same anime as the regular Kaguya episodes - cutely romantic, with a slight hint of sexual reference. This, on the other hand, was explicitly dirty, and made for ...
The problem with trying to review Seija Musou is that it elicits very little feeling, in that it's neither especially good nor especially bad. Trying to describe why it's so average is also difficult as the descriptions could apply to a dozen other shows, some of which aired in the same season.. . By now the premise is so played out it barely needs mentioning; A barely developed cardboard cutcoat human being gets transported into a typical western fantasy RPG setting with guilds, dungeons and a leveling system which serves as a lazy shortcut to let the audience how strong the characters within the setting are. To ...
I usually divide my reviews in different categories for the shows such as plot, characters, art, etc however I feel it is useless to do so in this title since it is a recap episode and I did that on my review for the main page on MAL for "Mashle". I will keep this review short listing just a few good points as well as bad points on it.. . The only positives I can find in this underwhelming recap is that it is not simply a mashup of old scenes, although it still is in it's majority they make a couple of new scenes regarding Mash's ...
Summary: "AI rules the world" in Ep 1 is fine as setting, but not in climax without development.. . Reading the synopsis, it looked like a heart-warming story of a broken family reunited via online game. However there is no such healing at all. It was good until Ep 5, especially due to the difference of art style between real life and game, but went somewhere else after the twist in Ep 6.. . Good character design (not only their looks, but also their traumen and accompanied behaviors) and animation, but it seriously lacks coherence in the story. It shares many subjects with SAO, but failed to justify ...
I'm a millineal who grew up like countless children who watched Pokemon every Saturday morning on WB Kids or 4Kids watching season after season seeing Ash and Pikachu's journey, but this final farewell to Ash Ketchum is just a flat out slap in the face to every Pokemon fan...especially long-time fans who have been following Ash and Pikachu's journey from the very beginning.. . I'm not surprised that the Pokemon Company took this route considering they will inevitably bring back Ash and Pikachu in the future if the TV franchise starts to plummet in ratings, but to just make this final season nothing but a bunch of ...
'Reign of the Seven Spellblades' is a fantasy action series about teenage wizards at boarding school. It has a lot of ideas and it tries to do a lot of things, many of which could have worked: after all, it's basically 'Harry Potter', only darker and more violent. Unfortunately, every part of it is rushed, forced, and underdeveloped, practically perfunctory: watching an episode feels like reading a plot synopsis. It's an awkward mess from start to finish, entertainingly bad at times, but mostly just boring.. . It is immediately clear that the series is drastically abbreviating its written source material, and whatever appeal the original may possess, ...
Had a bit of hope for this anime made by Netflix, but unfortunately it wasn't very interesting.. . For the beginning of the story, I thought it would be good and according to my taste, telling about warships, but unfortunately it's just a preview, and what's worse is that it tells the story of a NEET who plays in the virtual world and is too obsessed, thus ignoring life in the real world and even his own family.. . Until episode 3 I was still trying to survive, but unfortunately the longer I watched, there wasn't anything interesting. I think the story is normal, just like anime with other ...
It's really hard to believe that this anime is so bad, not because of the graphics, but because of the bad way the story is told.. . The first thing that bored me was that the characters immediately appeared all in one place, and they just chatted as if they already knew each other, and this is only episode 1, even though there is no explanation at all about their relationship.. . The second thing is that there is already a problem, even though I have only seen episode 1 for a few minutes, but there is already a problem just like that, what I don't like is the ...
So... this show is like Death Note; you'll expect so much because of the hype and be like... meh. With a main characters' name which translates from French to English into The-suspicious Red-lamp... meh.. . It didn't feel like a waste of time; I just preferred Cross Ange, which I found to be a pretty close similarity as far as story type goes. What is supposed to be intense, falls flat compared to other shows that did similar things in my opinion.. . Basically I don't recommend it; yet, if you choose to watch it... it's not trash. Restored my rating system to default so I ...
The show has a great plot/story to tell but it's heavily ruined by a bad writing. There are so many things that could have been written better and to add up with how the characters feels so bland. When I try to find it from a comedy side, there is not a single joke that's funny. I also tried to be positive that maybe, MAYBE the fight scene would be good but, NO. For the animation and art, it's below average. I found myself quite often multi tasking while trying to finish this show because it come to the point that "why you feels the ...
I thought of a few ways this could go.. One,. The guy and best friend end up together.. Two,. Everyone tries pushing him back on the track of liking this girl because that's in the script, it's his destiny.. . I'm going to leave those two options, those are just predictions, those may not even be what happens. But think about why I'd come to those conclusions. Let's work backwards.. . Everyone knows this kid, Sajou has a crush on Natsukawa but when he suddenly gives it up, everyone is like "what gives?" I think this is kind of relatable in a way because I've gone through similar stuff, as have many ...
While i could go on about how this anime doesnt really tell a very interesting story nor brings anything new to the table in the aspect of horror stories or shocking media, i am not a man of many words so to put it blunty i really dont recomend this anime neither as a piece of horror or gore. It feel closer to the old wave of explotation films, like a mondo film and the fact that this was sort of a "passion" proyect of one man rubs me the wrong way.. . As someone who's favorite genera is horror, gore and violent films, in ...
I didn’t like the anime before, to the point of dropping it just because it was boring. It was still fine, I got why some people liked it, but the appeal wasn’t there for me.. . Than I decided to read the novel, it was amazing and I loved every page. I decided to revisit the anime (first episode) to see and I am honestly very disappointed.. . Why was there Nise flashback that was (as far as i remember) never in the novel? That was supposed to be a mystery. People who have not read it are only gonna be confused (as I was) and those who ...
The concept of a delinquent gang being converted into a basketball team by a single passionate player is pretty cool, even if it might've been done before, but the series just doesn't do enough to live up to the premise. The animation and plot just lack oomph, no single movement feels powerful, not even dunks, and it feels like the characters are just letting the story happen around them with no real personal stake or will the MC is also wildly inconsistent in his behavior, and just isn't likable. The "fanservice" is also disgusting, they keep shoving sexual situations without ever considering what the characters ...
The show is wrongly attributed as "Godfather of Isekai" and should be avoided at all cost. This show has some good to maybe even great elements going for it, however it also contains some of the most vile aspects i have ever seen in any anime. I would never recommend this series simply from how they portray extremely series events in a lighthearted/joking manner.. . I am not going to mince words here, the main character is a pedophile, rapist, and molester. Normally these traits are given to the antagonist to make the audience obvious who the villain, yet your supposed to cheer for his character development. ...
Imagine you read lord of the rings, and you really loved it. Then you heard there was a movie adaptation and you got really excited about it. The first movie gets released and its pretty good. Of course the books will always be better, thats just how it is, but you really had a good time watching the movie adaptation.. . Then the second movie gets released, and you are ready for another 3 hours of amazing world building, fights, good dialogue... instead what you get is 2 hours of Frodo telling Sam about his erectile dysfunction while hes smelling Galadriel's used panties.
what a stupid childish anime ...
The Show went from being about the protagonist trying to reunite his family to him trying to find a way to heal his erectile dysfunction.. This season a slob and not interesting at all, I cringed at every episode.. The plot was going nowhere. Nothing happened at all.. The animation and art style were decent.. There were barely any fighting and that was what I enjoyed most in the last season.. No one in their right mind would enjoy this season, only if you were a goon, and even then you might dislike it.. . . Spoiler Alert: The solution to ED is to become gay
Ah, it's one of those shows where writers think main character who doesn't stop screaming is a form of humor. It is not. And it's annoying. Every single thing that happens his reaction is a stupid scream as if he's a transplant from another planet which is devoid of underwear or magazines or members of opposite sex. It's also one of those shows where supporting characters are far more interesting than main ones even though they are not special in any way themselves.. . Story is pretty much about nothing. They will find a mundane everyday task and the stretch it to fit entire episode. Literally! Inevitably ...
WARNING !!! THIS SERIES STARTS OF GOOD BUT THEN LOSES TOUCH WITH REALITY.. So, the main character just likes a girl and starts to understand her feelings. BUT OH MY GOD, I COUDNT BELIEVE THIS WHAT HAPPENED NEXT. The writer has no inspiration to make this story worthwile. From a relatable character starting to like a girl (which should be relatable to most of boys/men) it turns out to be running in circles all the time. The author tries to make it entertaining which it is but if you have been in real life. If you ever be in real life, talked to a girl, dated ...
Okay, let me start off by saying, that I definitelly belong to the target demographic of this story. I belong to the people who screamed at the screen when Beast became a human again at the end of the Disney movie and monster dating sims are basically my cheap serotonin generators.. . Yet, this anime grinds my gears so bad that I think it’s aimed mostly at closeted furry incels. Not only is it badly written and naive in every aspect, Sariphi, representing the viewers insert, is a bland 2D cutout with no personality beyond the typical „innocent submissive girl“ archetype. It’s very hard to understand why ...
Watch the first season, then jump over to the manga. Season 1 ends at about chapter 37.. . Why swap to manga? Because Season 2 attempts to shove the entire rest of the series into 11 episodes. Arcs are cut, butchered, and the ending is turned into a slide show with NO context as to what is being shown.. . I haven't read the manga yet, so I had no idea what to expect. I was still heavily disappointed, and was even more disappointed when I figured out how much was cut and changed. If you're a manga reader, stay FAR away from this season, it will infuriate you.
I'm so sorry, but.. it feels like this was written by a teen. It's so.. overly dramatic, it's trying to be deep, but it's not, it's unnecessarily complicated, the romance between the mains feels weird, there's no chemistry between them and it's so forced. They'd be better without each other in my opinion, they're both pieces of work and exhausting. So is the stag.. . I sort of liked the concept and thought it was a thriller or horror, not a high school romance drama. I thought they were all adults.. This was hyped, I'm disappointed. I'm trying to like it, but so far, I can't.
TLDR; Good OP and ED, decent animation sometimes, horrible plot and character progression, nonsensical world-building and magic systems. Don't waste your time unless you want to hate watch or completely turn your brain off.. . The Good:. The best part about this show is the music. The OP and ED are both pretty good, and may deceive you into thinking this show is worth your time as they did for me.. . The Meh:. The animation is passable most of the time, and even occasionally decent, just don't go in expecting to have your socks blown off.. . The Ugly:. At the beginning I thought this could be an interesting Harry Potter meets ...
It's not exactly bad, just incredibly bland and forgettable. You're better off spending your time watching something else.. . This special is divided up into two segments of differing genre that have the thinnest of connections.. . In the first, a couple lose their tickets and take up an offer from the creepiest man alive for a discount flight. Instead the flight is just, well, cheap. Oddly prescient in how airlines will now nickel and dime you for everything, but it's still one joke that never evolves or goes anywhere else. The shared hardship makes them appreciate each other a bit more instead of arguing so much? Maybe? Still. ...
This is the most overestimated anime that i ever seen, the score 8 is simply a collective delirium, the anime have some good point, but this wont make a good anime, i will enumerate in three lists. . Good points;. the soundtrack are really good. . yes, are just this, i am thinking about for 10 minutes and i dont get any other good point. . razoable points;. caracters: some of them are really good like yamazaki, he is a human that definily exist in some place in the world, some of them are strange to think about like misaki, but the satou is simply the devil, and i am not talking ...
As a fan a games myself, I can tell ya with uh with uh with academic authority that this game FREAKING sucks. Let's take a gander at the ten commandments of this game.. . TEN COMMANDMENTS (no relation). 1. All murder, war, and robbery are forbidden in this world.. 2. All conflict in this world will be resolved through games.. 3. In games, each player will bet something that they agree is of equal value.. 4. As long as it doesn't violate pledge three, anything may be bet, and any game may be played.. 5. The challenged party has the right to decide the rules of the game.. 6. Any bets made in ...
This is a scam anime, what doesn't have friends? In the end they ended up gathering in one place and creating a HAREM.. . I used to like this anime, but not now, especially not this second season.. The level of intelligence possessed by the character Kashiwazaki Sena equivalent to an elementary school kid, too stupid, even when teased by Yozora he just obeyed without thinking first.. . My hatred for Yozora's character is also increasing, because she is always the source of trouble, doing pranks that I think are too much, a character who is selfish, wants to win for himself, and worst of all, when his hair is ...
I've heard some people compare this to Ascendance of a Bookworm. Watching this anime reminded me of Ascendance of a Bookworm too, but only because I was shocked by the stark contrast as to the quality of the writing, pacing etc. Ascendance of a Bookworm is exciting, entertaining and well written. This anime is bland as hell. This anime has a bad case of tell don't show. They skip along at an enormous pace, peppering the episodes with "a few weeks later" cards and giving us zero development. Every character is one dimensional and so boring. They seem like they're trying to paint this world ...
To say this was a dumpster fire would be an insult to dumpster fires. Where to begin? So, the story pickups right after the first season. No rocket science there, but then doubles down on the nonsensical drama that happens for no good reason and continues to emasculate men. The girls don't get away either. Their IQ seemed so low, that the military would refuse them. The adults, the few that they had, could have not been more retarded. Mix that in with the dumb AF story with the standard anime must have school tropes and you realise that "Redo of healer" might have been ...
Really didn't jive with this one's story at all. It feels exactly like when a little kid walks up to you with their action figures in hand and starts acting out wild action scenes with senseless kid logic but expects you to take it just as seriously as they are. Meanwhile you're just nodding along waiting for them to get bored and wander away.. . Weirdly the part of the story that I found myself most interested in was the section where Yoko was living as a teacher on a small island. I liked the idea of a teacher who was secretly a mecha fighting badass, it ...
I thought it was meh.. . Art was about the same as the preceding first anime season. Animation was slightly better. There was much better use of the cgi models this time so that was an improvement. Nothing to write home about here.. . Plot and development I did not like. Comparing just to the manga and not the light novel, some things were altered for the sake of time, cut out, or just not adapted well. I thought it would be a stretch to fit the whole goblin paladin adventure into just under an hour and a half while making it feel good and I was right.. . Conclusion ...
Another disappointment in comparison to the original. While I liked Alternative slightly more than Progressive, I think the difference is negligible. Also my first time rewatching and while I think it was a bit better it still is just a cheap copy of the original. While I dont care to write much for this I want to point out a scene I think perfectly encapsulates what they did with these new seasons. The scene where all the girls are playing Jenga and the main character holds up a Jenga piece and on it is written "never knows best". What a joke, a needless reference to ...
This was a disappointment. Just finished my first rewatch after almost 3 years of first watching it and I didn't like it then and I don't like it now. The original FLCL was really just lightning in a bottle and they failed to capture it again. It feels like they go to the point of making fun of the fans of the original with how absurd the made Haruko, now don't get me wrong she was always crazy but they made her into some sort of cheap imitation of what they think Haruko is. The rest is also in the end just a copy of ...
This show is not going to be liked by everyone. It's based on the idea that constantly screaming and overreacting is funny, which it is not. Most of the story is nonsensical, which is completely fine if that's the goal of it. But characters are not well written or acted. In general we are suppose to observe this egoistical character grow up and change into more reasonable and down to earth one. Problem is, he keeps screaming non-stop. Well, everyone is screaming non-stop.. . I tried watching it because I kind of like the premise but it's taking a real effort not to close tab every time ...
I would like to write about the MC character only, which I have observed over episode 55.. MC is a fool who and over-reactive. Only follows his emotions and does not plan ahead for different scenarios. The more you watch this Dongua, the more you wish MC's death, because he never learn from his mistakes and always pretend to be better than others.. . Face enemies, enemies about which he doesn't have enough info, and doesn't listen to other's advice. Impulsive and reckless behavior.. Even if this dongua is focused on cultivation, MC does not focus on his development of techniques. He even has rare treasures but doesn't ...
What is the purpose of this story? and what genre is shounen? ecchi? drama? comedy? horror? gore? sci-fi? I do not understand. There are too many genres included in one story with very very bad story development. Even though the story maker included the genres above in reality the story does not meet the minimum requirements to enter one of the genres above.. really wasted money and energy to make this anime or story. My advice is to make a story that leans towards a genre, adding lots of genres is good but getting the timing right slowly is the proper way.
This is one of those childhood anime that is full of memories, but after I watched it thoroughly, I decided not to recommend this anime.. . The reason is simple, there are too many flashbacks in each episode, this is the worst motive for stalling time in my opinion. there are a lot of useless episodes but most of them are filled with flashbacks which are very long, long, very long and even take up several episodes.. . I don't have a problem with flashbacks from each character, but the problem is the positioning, for example, I was enjoying watching Naruto fight but suddenly I met another character and ...
The storyline is just ordinary, nothing interesting.. The reaction of the male character towards the little child is very excessive, you could say it is very boring.. . The story is spinning in place, there is no progress at all, if there is at least a little, it's running in place, the story revolves around that.. . I don't know what else to comment, but one word for this anime is "Boring". For those of you who are looking for an anime with a more interesting theme, I hope you don't watch this anime, because it's very boring. There was only sleepiness when I saw it
Just... Why? Go to watch the old 2d version please, my eyes were crying.. . Suggested to 0-4 years old children because of the graphic, that's all. Don't watch it.. . Incredible that I'm forced to write a longer review, I never write but this... Thing... Really deserve a bad review, they could have done a remake with new Anime graphic, instead... No comment. . It's visible that is high quality graphic, it's just a ridiculous style. The story is literally the old one, just a remake.. . I just saw some pieces because it's literally the old story, at least I didn't waste Lot of my time, but I anyway did, could ...
After watching the first season of this anime I came in to the second season with low expectations since the first one was mediocre, after a couple episodes I started getting intrigued again by the story and it seemed to maybe have the potential for a massive boost in writing quality from the first season and then, just like the previous season, all my hopes for the show and it's potential were shattered by other factors such as the bland characters or bad animation. In the end "100-man no Inochi no Ue ni Ore wa Tatteiru 2nd Season" felt like an attempt to make a ...
A repetitive, predictable, and uninteresting season. Endless fights with literally no stakes. Extremely boring characters who add next to nothing to the plot. Most of them are clichés with a colorful touch.. 90% of this season is just characters fighting and learning nothing, always "going above their limits" (but they actually have literally no limit). Where is the story? A 10-minute backstory, very similar to the one of absolutely every demon slayer out there, is just extremely boring: "I had a tough life and then a demon [almost] killed my family, so now I kill them back".. The animation is gorgeous though, ufotable did a great ...
The idea that Thorfin had any meaningful character development this season is simply WRONG. The premise of pacifism, more specifically the ideals that Thorfin was preaching is simply flawed.. . Consider the following: Without hate, love is meaningless. If you do not hate those who destroy what you love, you do not love.. . In just one small sentence, the whole premise of Thorfin's season 2 "character development" is rebutted and we didn't need 24 episodes to realize pacifism is a fundamentally flawed premise.. . Throughout the show, the viewer is force fed this idea that to be morally virtuous, one must 'have no enemies' and forgive literally everyone unabashedly. ...
The story still is pretty shallow and other than finding out things about the different worlds and how to get back, there is not much to it.. . The characters were okay, most still are. Asakaze is the worst one by far and has no purpose other than lusting after Nozomi and insulting Nagara in a weird way supposed to be tsundere? I guess, but it just sucks and is weak.. . Nozomi is instantly turned into the quirky-can do everything-loved by everyone-knows everything-puts her nose into every business-is scared of nothing-etc. pixie-cut cute "different" girl. It is unrelatable and really weak, considering how she started out. She risks ...
I discovered this anime by chance; the image piqued my interest, reminding me a bit of the vibes from "Eminence in Shadow." Unfortunately, I'm already nearing the end of this first season of 15 episodes, and I don't feel any attachment to any of the characters. The story's introduction is non-existent, and I simply feel like I'm watching episodes that contribute absolutely nothing, and this happens with every episode. I had to wait until episode 6 to finally be introduced to a bit of the story, but since then, the anime has once again veered off into things that are completely irrelevant to the plot.. . I ...
This is pretty bad. It's about an eternally grinning idiot kid stumbling his way through a zombie apocalypse just thanks to convenient writing and plot armor. It has NTR in episode 1, it has a blooming naked bromance while every potential female love interest that's not in the OP song is killed off along with all episodic characters, sometimes inches from the mc without him doing anything and worst of all, him forgetting about it 5 minutes later and going on to grin and spout bs like he'll save people from zombies as if what just happened no longer counts because it was in the ...
"Dead Mount Death Play" is a hybrid anime that combines various genres, including isekai, action, mystery, and supernatural, offering a refreshing break from traditional isekai formulas. It features a dark, edgy tone with violence, gore, and adult themes, appealing to mature audiences. The premise revolves around Polka Shinoyama, a powerful necromancer reincarnated into a young boy's body in modern Tokyo, leading to comedic and dramatic situations.. . However, the anime has significant drawbacks, such as poor animation quality, inconsistent action scenes, slow pacing in some episodes, underdeveloped supporting characters, and unresolved plot threads. Despite its unique concept and potential, these issues hinder its overall quality. While it ...
Do I even need to say why this show sucks? The fact that Yunyun is one of the premiere main characters of this side show kind of tells you everything you need to know about the show.. . Megumin is one of my favorite characters from Konosuba, yet this show just absolutely sucks. There's no real manzai energy from Kazuma or Aqua since they aren't in the damn show for most of it, and while Megumin is a classic and good boke when Yunyun is acting the main Tsukommi in the show, that leaves you with much to be desired.. . Animation is fine, even good. Comparable to ...
If time travel ever gets invented I will go back in time to tell myself to not waste my time on this show.. . The art style was hard to look at, but a good anime watcher knows that that does not equate to the anime being bad. I, like many other seasonal watchers, welcomed Yumemiru Danshi wa Genjitsushugisha (2023) into the Summer 2023 lineup with open arms. I was particularly drawn to the FMC, and with this being a harem anime I checked out the other girls designs and was drawn in.. . Fully knowing that harems are not the pinnacle of animes, I thought this ...
Legend of Duo is bad. That much would be obvious, if you looked at the review score. However, it's bad in a way I find quite fascinating. Animation is a difficult field, and when I look at LoD, when I see how many corners somebody had to cut to get an even remotely coherent product out the door, I'm left wondering why this was the form the show ultimately took. What incredible disconnect had to exist, between vision and reality, that made the product that found its way into my hands so catastrophically inept? LoD seeks to tell a dark, suspenseful story about a vampire ...
Not even the soundtrack could save this garbage. The original FLCL was an amazing anime with an incredible soundtrack, great characters and a unique concept. This was just a money grab from Adult Swim to squeeze as much money out of the FLCL IP as possible. The charm of the animation from the original is replaced with a lifeless and bland CGI style. The side characters are lifeless even Haruko, the main character and the one saving grace of this dumpster fire, was barely in her own anime. Every anime they release under the FLCL name ruins the original let FLCL die.
First and foremost, I would like to emphasize that I started watching this anime because of its promising plot concept and the tremendous potential it seemed to offer. The first two episodes served to establish the world and the backstory, and in my opinion, they did this task quite decently.. . However, I must say that from the third episode onwards, I noticed a significant decline in the storyline. The main character, Haruto, was the reason I started the anime in the first place, and it's unfortunate to see how he has developed. Even after his rebirth with incredible abilities and the highest magician level in this ...
No. Just no, seriously.. . 1. "I'm level 1, but my unique skill makes me OP.". Was this supposed to create conflict? Why even have the limitation of being at LVL1 when you'll hit-kill everything regardless?. . 2. "Monsters drop vegetables, food, and any items you'll ever need.". Who had this idea? This is how am I supposed to be curious about this world's system? To see how complex and original it is? This story's uniqueness is entirely based on slimes dropping carrots. Even if someone ever liked this, it only gets repeated over and over to literally everything in this story. Politics, economics, characters, skills, everything... everything is based on ...
Mostly Spoiler Free.. . This movie was not made for me, since I do not have TikTok. A lot of the focus of this movie is on Music and dance choreography, and I just do not care. If you are like me and find those Dances a bit cringy, some sequences of this movie are hard to get through.. . First, let's talk about the good things. The movie was mostly animated on a good to very good level. Little sakuga like we got with the finale of Wano and some CGI Models that stuck out a bit, but the finale was beautful and many art decisions, like the ...
I watched the original and enjoyed it but I wouldn't really say I have overwhelming nostalgia for it. When I heard of Trigun Stampede I didn't have any strong feelings one way or another about it. I thought, maybe they might fix the flaws of the original, or maybe they will do their own thing, but whatever they do, best of luck to them.. . Well I finally got around to watching it, and unfortunately I'm left with only a feeling that I've wasted my Saturday morning. I'm a simple man with simple tastes. Just give me an interesting sci fi setting, a few cool characters, ...
I misjudged this anime, I was suspicious from the start.. . The first thing is the strange character backgrounds, really very strange, starting from aliens and others.. . The second thing is Tsukkomi, or the person who responds, among these 4 characters only 1 responds the most, even though sometimes it's not expressed directly, but it's quite boring.. Yes, who else if not someone who can read everyone's mind? Among the other strange characters, only the mind reader excels, and who gives a lot of Tsukkomi to the other characters' behavior.. . In my opinion, if it's like this, it's better to watch Saiki Kusuo, with the same power of ...
Didn't expect a sci-fi series to start dragon ball lvl fighting whereas the enemy is literally madara lvl. Shinpei would've been wiped out within first 10 EPs. The story dragged just bcz of pure plot armors. I appreciate the anime though for the good plot and bringing a concept like time travel. And you bring time travel things get pretty complicated as our human mind didn't reach that level (proof is steins gate). Steins gate was sci-fi focused. It discussed about time leapp, time travel, timelines, butterfly effect etc. But if you are here to enjoy those concepts then sorry you are in the wrong ...
Story: Literally non-existent. Each episode resolves of pseudo-developing football skills. The characters get a pass from another player and than stand face o face for 30 seconds and talk toxic redudant bullshit to each other to make sure the one speaking is more alpha than the other.. . Characters: Nothing special here. Typical shounen character set, fancy hair styles. There is the already mentioned pseudo-developing of each character's individual skill set, which some people might find interesting. While this is a shounen anime i can understand this doesn't have to be near to realism, but it gets boring pretty soon. Its a typical schema: Isagi faces a ...
I don't wanna sound rude, but this film is exactly the same quality as Pompo's films lol. . It feels like the entire movie was made for portraying an irony. . The story is so shallow, the characters are so bland even the Pompo herself, and i couldn't find what's so interesting about this movie other than the visualization, just like Pompo's films.. . Visual wise, they're good but not that great, the animation, the design, and the colors in this movie. I really love the transitions they use. I love how they try to put movie-like effects in an animation which is kinda tricky, but they made it work.. That makes ...
Having seen every other Steel Angel Kurumi, I don't think this OVA could have finished things off in any worse a way. If you have enjoyed the rest and are thinking of finishing things off with this, save yourself the disappointment; the series should have ended with Steel Angel Kurumi 2.. . Zero is essentially a completely different style and tone to every other episode. From what I can tell it's more oriented to the background lore of the manga which is glossed over alot in the other anime adaptations. It's basically an attempt at a futuristic romance which sounds like a fun concept, but it just ...
Not sure why everyone else acts like the show did a hard turn away from a serious plot into slice-of-life harem antics. It was pretty clear that the whole corruption explanation and goal of curing it was superficial at most, a mere excuse to justify what the story is really trying to do.. Nagi has a very cute design and the show contrives many ways to focus the camera on her legs, ass, and breasts. I'm also a sucker for girls in boots like hers. Since this is the primary goal of the work, by that metric it begins as a 10/10. Unfortunately starting with episode ...
I wouldn't recommend it if you are sensitive to the invasion of personal boundaries and peer pressure. The main character is forced into situations that trigger him even though he has trauma. His best friend, Eiko, knows his trauma and seems to lack common sense and empathy even though she claims to care about him but is the biggest culprit in forcing him into these situations. The girl he tutors seeks the dark spirits but has a profound purpose and prefers to endanger herself than others. She shows the main character more consideration and empathy than his best friend in the few days she has ...
Serial Experiments Lain is a show that comes up on many people's "must watch" lists. Honestly, no clue how that happened.. I swear, this is one of those shows people add to their list so they feel smart.. . Sorry, but no.... . It's not very engaging or compelling. When it finally does get interesting, it does so in short bursts. Most of the time is spent listening to electrical buzzing and lain staring at walls, turning her head slowly. The show is fine, but I don't think it's a must watch, nor something to eventually get to.. . I'm gonna just come right out and say it.. . Most ...
I have go to say, my mind was blown when I found out that MAPPA,. the same studio that did Jujutsu Kaisen and Yuri!!! on Ice, also. worked on anime like this and Days. Regardless, I consider this. to be a very interesting show that both embraces and subverts. tropes commonly found in sports anime.. . Visuals: It's MAPPA, so the visuals are, as expected, pretty. great. Although not quite at the same level as some of this. studio's more popular works, Re-Main still boasts visuals far. above the average seasonal anime. However, I do have one gripe.. ...
Feels like a non-canon spin off... with many key characters removed, pasts altered, and some personality changes. So if you enjoyed the First and Second season I personally would recommend you to skip it because in my case this season (Full Throttle) does left a sour taste in my mouth and kinda tainted my overall enjoyment of the Taiho Shichau Zo series; if you are a casual enjoyer just want something to fill you mind, "Full Throttle" is not unwatchable per se but can be boring sometime so certainly there are more better shows that will worth your time out there.. . Firstly talking about how ...
The initial introduction was very bad, in the first episode I was confused, whether this was a preview for the next episode or not, After watching it for a long time, but the results are still the same, what's wrong with this anime?. . The comedy is bad and not at all funny, plus the perverted comedy about men's trunks, to be honest, it actually makes me even more disgusted and strange about this anime.. . What I'm waiting for is how the MC process can end up in Isekai, but even after several episodes I haven't found that answer. The point is that this is already in Isekai ...
This anime is soo bad. ... it had great potential but they made the MC a 40 year old man in a kids body who goes on to sexually abuse children , he kidnaps abuses 2 girls in the show , worships panties , gropes girls breasts , forces them nude .... suffers from ED for a whole season F stupid ... The story had good potential like I said but it quickly goes from oh this is looking good to wth .. MC is a 40 year old pervert he has underage sex with one character who is also underage ... the Japanese are ...
Sword Art Online Alternative: Gun Gale Online is not an alternative to Sword Art Online. Instead it assumes you've watched the first two seasons of SAO and is simply a story set in the same universe. That means that instead of the story being about Kirito and friends, it is about a girl with a height complex who plays in Gun Gale Online as a pink loli and talks to her gun.. . The story initially is not bad and the plot makes sense. As the anime goes on however, it starts taking GGO way too seriously and treating it as if it's real life instead ...
If the process of having an identity disorder could be physically condensed into an anime this would be that anime.. . Never have a seen a story that knows less what it wants to be. Characters veer wildly between being good guys and bad guys, not in a realistic grey area way, but in a "flipping between extremely cartoonish poles" way. Characters will be attempted rapists one episode then become a silly comic relief guy later. Characters will be painted as evil and trying to control Nike and then turn around and be extremely genuinely written like "we were just worried about her." The biggest flip is ...
How can a show with a rate of 7.48, be so bad???. . It started great at first, I thought I had found another great show about cars apart from Initial D, but it turns out to be just another disappointment.... . I am only 10 episodes in and I already feel bored: every race feels the same as they always take place on the same road and nothing special really happens.. Let's talk about that spot, which is just a highway, no particularly dangerous corner or anything, just a straight line (more or less).. This is kind of the opposite of Initial D, where you could defeat any car as ...
At first I was intrigued by this anime since it seemed like a take on Harry Potter, but it quickly went off the rails. I'm 11 episodes in and I don't particularly care about any of the characters, they lack depth and you're not given a reason to like each of them. I feel like every episode is some meaningless mini boss battle and I'm struggling to grasp the plot.. . I'm going to stick it out until the end, but with all the quality anime that exists... this really isn't worth the time. I would've liked this better if it was more slice-of-life following students through ...
I somehow watched Eromanga Sensei to completion, including the OVA. Here are my thoughts:. . Basically, this anime has a ton of sexualization and not much else. If you want ecchi cumbrain garbage, here's your jerk material. There's no other major selling point here.. . Most of the main characters in this are writers or content creators in some form – I thought this might be an interesting dimension to explore. Unfortunately, this show does not deliver any kind of interesting story whatsoever. The supporting cast, despite being composed of artists, are mostly treated as sex objects, and the scriptwriting reflects this accordingly. I was initially hopeful for the ...
I watched Idol Jihen, also known as Idol Incidents. Here are my thoughts:. . This anime is about idol girls who are also politicians within the national Japanese legislative system. Despite some mature themes involved, this show basically feels like a Saturday-morning cartoon meant for a child audience. The plot is mostly episodic and usually involves the simplistic use of some kind of political conflict, such as a scandal or public policy decision. Aside from these political themes, this feels like a generic formulaic idol show; this anime isn't nearly as creative as it could have been. Regardless, the unusual juxtaposition of idols and politics is silly ...
I watched Tsurezure Children, also known as Tsuredure Children. Here are my thoughts:. . These are ~12-minute episodes that consist of generic highschool romance skits between various student pairings. The characterization of these students is shallow and tropey.. . I found the dialogue in this to be very clunky and unnatural. The romance feels quite inorganic and hamfisted, and overall simply not emotionally engaging. The script is seriously awful and a crippling flaw from my perspective; it feels so unnatural it's uncomfortable at times just having to listen to it.. . The characters have simplistic same-face designs, and the animation quality is unremarkable. The voice acting is okay but that doesn't ...
Isekai Cheat Magician is best described by a string of 48 vomit emojis, and the word “mid”.. . I’m as big an isekai junkie as anyone, and it still took me over a year to get through these 12 episodes. I’m not even going to bother snagging a free MAL entry by watching the extra episode that aired with the rebroadcast (because this was somehow broadcasted on Japanese TV twice).. . The general understanding of Cheat Magician is that it’s generic garbage, but that undersells just how difficult it is to sit through. It is front to back boring, nothing it attempts works. There aren’t even any insane plot ...
Rising of the Shield Hero season 2 is a major disappointment.. . When I originally watched this show I had watched only the anime, but season 2 was so basic and unpolished that I started reading the Light Novels which by the way are in no way perfect but are well above average and a very enjoyable read.. . If you are an anime only viewer and have come here after season 1, I highly advise you read the manga instead. Start at around chapter 33 to get a better grip of the pacing, this is well before season 1 ends, because some major changes were made to the ...
I usually don't write reviews, but this Anime has such awful writing that I feel compelled to.. . Starting with the only redeemable point, it is well animated and has beautiful art.. . Now the bad points on this Anime, which are ALOT:. . The characters and history seem to have been written by a kid.. The main character is a straight-out loser; he has no redeemable points other than *MAYBE* being kind. Some of his traits;. -He's a spineless coward.. -He has white knight syndrome.. ...
This anime is your average generic middle school romcom. The workplace setting is pointless because all the characters act like middle schoolers.. . . I honestly can't find the words to review this anime because of how little content it has. The series always sticks to safe generic plot and never does *anything* original. You have seen this stuff in most classic (older) romcoms where the two main characters keep hesitating to take the next step. The plot never moves forward, and you can't distinguish between episode 1 and 10 because there's barely any progress.. . The dialogue, plot, characters, art and everything is just tropes copy-pasted from existing ...
The ending of the first season left the story in a really awkward place. With two of our three protagonists getting deleted from the story and Rudeus turning into a bit of a doomer, there was always going to be some weirdness to the transition. While I do think that they could have handled it much better and there are problems that really didn't need to be there (mostly concerning Rudeus), the end of the third episode left me hopeful for what was to come. Sure, Sara is no substitute for Eris and Soldat didn't exactly put his best foot forward, but I could see ...
Painfully drawn out, uninteresting characters, uneventful plot all makes a boring show. Don't get me wrong a show can be slow paced and be brilliant but this just doesn't. The hook for this show is this is an Isekai where the characters are struggling to fight the weakest monsters. This could have been really interesting if it wasn't butchered by the execution.. The fighting is the best part of the show, the challenge of defeating a single small goblin by 6 people. They are uncoordinated, incompetent, the left overs.. . Most of the show is an uneventful waste of time. Every scene is excruciatingly slow which would work ...
Golden Kamui. . I've heard a lot about this anime on YouTube, especially that it's supposed to be relatively funny. And to my surprise it is, it has a similar and qualitative humor as Gintama. And it even has a rather interesting main plot, which is actually in the spotlight and not just secondary.. Unfortunately... these positive words only apply from season 2 onwards. The first season is so bad that I considered quitting the anime at episode 7. The pacing was disastrous, the animation mediocre, the dialogue dull, and no tension at all. There was a joke 2-3 times per episode, the leftover was even more ...
This was bad news for me after I saw the first episode, even though I had hoped that this anime would become my favorite, but unfortunately no, the score is not fooling.. . The first thing that disappointed me was that the MC, who was initially fat, bullied and had a messy life, only for one thing he turned into a handsome figure, seriously?. I thought MC was a normal person, but who would have thought that trash like this could become handsome just like that.. . The reactions from the NPCs are outrageous, yes I know that if you see a handsome person you will be amazed, but I ...
The storyline is very normal and already on the market.. There's nothing new in my opinion here, this is just an Isekai anime with copy paste from other Isekai.. . The first thing that is very common is that MCs are unemployed, NEET, Hikikomori, or something like that, I like to wonder why unemployed people like this can suddenly go to Isekai and live a good life?. You could say this is just a trick, and don't expect you to be like the MC in this anime.. . The second thing is the stupidity of the goddess who sent him to Isekai, I'm also surprised by this, how come she has ...
The show it self to me isn’t special. I can’t blame the show it self since romcoms are very predictable and the art style looks very good but I really didn’t care about most of the characters, hell I don’t think I liked a single one except maybe the grandpa except he only shows up for like a quarter of the series. Gojo (i think that’s his name only seen the show twice and that was a while ago) is just bland and boring. And he acts like he’s an elementary school kid. Also the show isn’t really funny, half of the jokes are just ...
Yami Shibai 11 is the latest installment of the horror anime series that uses the traditional Japanese storytelling technique of kamishibai. However, unlike the previous seasons, this one fails to deliver any genuine scares or suspense. The stories are bland, predictable and often illogical, relying on cheap jump scares and clichéd tropes. The animation is also poor, with stiff movements and dull colors. The voice acting is mediocre at best, and the sound effects are overused and annoying. The only redeeming quality of this season is the opening theme song, which is catchy and eerie. Yami Shibai 13 is a waste of time for any ...
Somehow expands on every aspect of the world while being worse in every way compared to the first, which itself went from top anime of the season in the first 3 episodes to bargain bin anime by the end of the first.. . But it's a trainwreck you just can't stop watching.. . For that reason I do not recommend you start, as I will likely be watching the 3rd season despite all this because the show is written in just the right way to hold the viewer hostage, ending on a cliff hanger that you need to see completed.... that is resolved by the end of ...
Sword art offline Ordinal Scale follows the same format as the previous versions of Sword art Offline, namely the format of a newsshow. This time it is just a 15 minute episode about the events in the movie.. . The story this time is that they're holding a newsshow to make you enjoy the movie more. The most important part are the playback corner and the life counseling. Both of these segments focus on the romance aspects of the movie instead of the actual interesting parts which is a shame. The humor is still bad. The only good part is that they explain what the buff ...
The dialogues in this show consist of:. More than a dozen times, Gabimaru mentioning his wife as his sole reason moving forward.. More than a dozen times, Sagiri battles with her own dilemma, while saying that "she thinks Gabimaru is dangerous".. And more than a dozen times, Gabimaru acknowledges that he is hollow and shouldn't feel anything, but he does.. And if that doesn't convince you, that Jigokuraku is somehow even more narcissistic and edgy than Eminence In Shadows, I don't know what will.. . And before you think that those are good qualities, because you too do enjoy show like Eminence in Shadows, let me break it down for you, ...
Serviceable and forgettable is not good enough for an award winning manga. What a poor adaptation of a masterpiece of a manga.. Important context removed, sloppy pacing just to fit episode and time guidelines, impactful scenes watered down by subpar voice acting or framing, and panning shots and still frames galore. This does not show the uniqueness of skip and loafer as a standout among school romance- something that many of the "mixed feeling reviews" are saying, that it feels same-y.. . The positives of the manga are placing these characters in what is ultimately a good relationship devoid of any of stupid or straight up ...
One of the anime with a high level of popularity in its time, I often see various posts about this anime on various social media, and what's worse is that they praise it too much.. And it's true, it's not the same as what is talked about by those who like this anime, I think it's just ordinary, not very interesting.. . And I give the score as mediocre, to be honest, what makes me not like this anime is not just the story which is mediocre, but because fans are too proud of this anime, some even compare it with other anime and according to them this ...
When Karl Marx said "Workers of the world unite; you have nothing to lose but your chains" -- the chains in question were surely each episode of Girlfriend, Girlfriend.. . This show is absolutely horrible and I loathe every episode.. . Saki is the Original Childhood Friend, and Naoya finally dates her in high school. Saki makes an offhanded remark about "Don't go Cheating on me~!" and Naoya won't. But you know what he WILL do?. . Manipulate Saki into a "polyamorous relationship" she. . a. Doesn't want to be in. b. Didn't ask for when she agreed to date you. c. Doesn't know/trust the other girl (and you don't either, mind you, ...
Very hard to watch this after watching the Original. This lackluster anime fails to surpass the original in terms of voice acting, intro and opening credits/music, proper dramatization of events and good comedy. There is soOooo many classic moments in the original that makes it worth watching more than once. Even though this stays more true to the source material, this anime series does not MOVE you as much. The animation is too brightly colored for how dark some moments are (much like in the remake of HunterXHunter). There is a lack of great background music that delivers that feeling when you know there is ...
This would have been alright, but it becomes too derailed towards the end. Especially considering how nice the initial setting is. They eventually introduce some interesting elements and characters that would have made for a great overall story, but these show up way too late in the season for it to matter. My guess is they're a set-up for a second season, HOWEVER those aren't enough to circumvent a fatal flaw in the plot - the clones.. . At a certain point in the story, the main character decides to create a clone of himself to take his place and do the things he doesn't want to ...
English: My experience was bad. Despite not reaching the point of abandoning it, the plot and the main character contributed to a constant feeling of boredom. The protagonist, far from embodying the desired qualities in an isekai, seems to resent every aspect of the adventure, from fighting to simple work or study. The plot, which promised a lot with typical elements of reincarnation, broken powers, and difficult missions, failed to fulfill any of its promises.. One of the few redeeming aspects was the occasional entertainment provided by images during pauses. However, the overall humor left much to be desired. Secondary characters, on the other hand, lacked ...
Worse anime ever. Honestly! 🤢. The rude kinkyness, blasphemous overtones and absurdity of the plot.. The humor often resorts to cheap gags and kink innuendos, it really s*cks. Instead of using humor to enhance the story or character development, it often feels forced and puerile, diminishing the overall viewing experience.. . The central premise revolves around a high school student, who is burdened with a peculiar curse. He is constantly presented with absurd and often embarrassing choices. This premise sets the stage for a comedy, but unfortunately, the execution falls flat.. The most glaring issue with this anime is its excessive reliance on absurdity and randomness. While humor ...
Do you enjoy cosplaying as a furry? - is what the producers gathered at the team discussion before creating this 'masterpiece' anime of the year animation. No its not the fact that this anime's premise is centered around furries and animal communication on why its so appalling. The protagonist, Odokawa, resembling a boomer beta walrus in character design, further adds to the show's glimpseness into why it is such garbo .. . The concept of anthropomorphic animals as primary characters is a bold choice for Odd Taxi. While other anime have successfully blended human and animal traits (e.g: Beastars which is a real 10/10), this series struggles ...
Sword art offline II follows the same format as the two previous iterations as Sword art offline, it is a chibi newsshow that reviews scenes from the main anime and is mainly about the romance aspect of the anime.. . The story is a newsshow about the entire second season in which scenes are reviewed and talked about. It conists of the same 5 elements as before namely: news headline, trivia, playback corner, viewers questions and slot talk.. Trivia is still interesting and there are two segments of it now which is neat. The other sections are all not interesting and focus on the romance which isn't ...
this show has an interesting premise but it is executed extremely poorly. the main character cheats and lies which is to be expected but he also has unreasonable luck which ruins immersion. the rules of any and every game can be ignored if it benefits the plot in any way whether or not it makes sense. the writers pull random abilities out of nowhere every episode that can change the rules so wildly that they might as well not exist and if needed the rules will be ignored without explanation. there is very limited romantic build up for characters in the show and most of ...
Hametsu Flag Season 2 takes everything that was somewhat fun in the first season and completely throws it out the window in favor of the most bland, do-nothing plots you've ever seen. 9 out of the 12 episodes are forgettable (very generous), and when something happens to develop a supposed "relationship", Katarina is quick to forget and return to her smooth-brained sweet-snacking status quo.. . It's typical for harem shows to stunt the development of relationships, as doing so would "pick favorites" and destroy the harem, but you can't just have NOTHING happen like this, especially when there's so many involved. There's barely even infighting, or ...
Do you enjoy simping for a girl that doesnt ever texr you back? Do you love purchasing 'content' of girls that love to milk you for your money? If so, then this show was meant for you. . What did the producers think when making this show? "How do I use deep quotes for 14 year old kids to make this show sound deep and thoughtful "- is what the producers of this anime thought they were doing. How do I use my grandpa's dying breath to encourage me to persue a fruitless acting career. How do I employ some some extremely smart and attractive Mizuhara that ...
This is a light show, so it won't really make you want to see the next episode, but it's a good way to kill your time. This show hardly has a plot; each episode focuses on a single event, and the subsequent episodes will differ from the previous ones.. . The show has decent animation, good voice acting, and typical sound effects. I don't know when the source material was created, but based on the character design, you can assume it was created in the middle of the 2010s, which is not awful in and of itself.. . The bottom line is to watch this if you don't ...
"Horimiya: Piece" unfortunately, falls short of the standard set by its parent series, "Horimiya." While the original "Horimiya" captured the hearts of viewers with its endearing characters and meaningful relationships, "Piece" struggles to maintain the same level of engagement.. . The story in "Piece" can be described as mediocre at best. It lacks the depth and emotional resonance that made its predecessor so beloved. The episodes often feel filled with boring and dragging plotlines that fail to captivate the audience. Even though there are occasional funny scenes, they are not enough to salvage what should be meaningful episodes.. . One of the disappointments of "Piece" is the noticeable lack ...
Have you heard about the Isekai in which the guy reincarnates into a Vending Machine? More of that in a minute.. . Are you kidding me with this garbage... Talk about destroying your premise within the first two episodes.... Basic idea is that the MC is supposed to be stuck at level 1, which implies that he will be insanely weak.... . Which is true for all of like 5 minutes, as the MC discovers that while he is stuck at level 1, he is the only one in the world to have infinite stats allowing him to quickly brute force literally everything; making him stronger than even the ...
To summarize the anime, it would be like this:. . A 11-13 year old trying to create his first anime story and took heavy inspiration from Star Wars, Pokemon and Bleach.. . I will explain in detail in segments.. . -->> Why is it like Bleach? Because Bleach had one of the most random, non-sensical and incoherent stories in anime I've ever had the misfortune of seeing, especially a 200+ episode Shounen at that. In Bleach Rukia and Orihime would get randomly kidnapped 10-20 different times and the band would go and rescue them only for the same to repeat all over with nobody learning anything from it. The second was ...
“High School Prodigies Have It Easy Even in Another World!” is what happens when You play too much Civilization with cheats on.. . One day a plane carrying seven highschoolers that are the best in their fields crashes. After regaining consciousness they discover they got transported to a fantasy world seemingly without any rhyme or reason. In that world they start helping people that showed them kindness only to end up leading a social and industrial revolution.. . Our main cast consists of:. . Tsukasa - head of the Japanese government. Seriously, who in the right mind votes a kid for the job. He is the leader of the coterie and… ...
It's a Naruto movie, there wasn't much to expect from this. Incredibly, it did not disappoint me, but not because it was good, but because I expected a fairly mediocre production, a cashgrab for the fans.. . Much of The Lost Tower is built on the viewer knowing a little about the series. If this is not the case, you will not understand the reason for many of the characters or the dialogues.. . Naruto is Naruto, there is nothing more. The real protagonist, Sara, is a flat character who they tried to give a hero's path to, but her execution was pretty bad. The villain, as is customary ...
The issue with Hell Paradise isn't the animation or lack of originality. It actually has a pretty good premise, but the execution falls short.. . Just imagine being deemed so dangerous that they send you to an island of monsters to meet your end. From a storytelling perspective, it's hard to think of a better starting point.. . The most notorious criminals from the entire country are carefully chosen and dispatched to an island inhabited by monsters and gods in pursuit of the coveted Elixir of immortality. In return, whoever manages to claim Elixir will have all their sins forgiven.. . You might expect these hardened criminals to be more menacing ...
Fran is too cute.. . Overall, it's a wholesome isekai so far... sure many are discriminatory towards black cats, and Fran is a black cat... but the sword has such a nice relationship with her. He's like an older brother or something, it's so cute!. . Alright, since that review was too short to post I have to add things now. All I really wanted to say was that it's wholesome and Fran is adorable but here goes: It's a non-pervy isekai! How exciting! Obvi: some guy dies and is reincarnated as a sword, but it doesn't seem to be some weird perv otaku like in many ...
A basic normal 20 so minutes length recap of the first 8 episodes of Bleach TYBW Ketsubetsu-tan season, airing a week after episode 8 in order to ease overall production.. It has all the hype battle scenes till then with some dialogue for context, no extra narration, no ED.. Some cool small touches are:. - Some OST change here and there. - a poem added at the end (if you remember correctly, the tv version of episode 8 ended with a Bambies card). . I recommend it to die hard Bleach fans or to people who for some reason forgot about the first half of this season or to battle fanatics, ...
For how highly rated this anime was it's surprising how unlikable the characters are. Tsukimi and Kuranosuke are fine enough but a bit bland but the NEETs? Oh my god what a desperately, deeply unpleasant collection of characters. They ranged from annoying to actively crappy people. It was hard to engage with the main storyline because yeah, I don't really care if a bunch of mooching jerks lose their house.. . The designs for Tsumiki and Kuranosuke are pretty cute, I do like the art style when it's not drawing vaguely human shaped blobs. I don't know why the NEETs were so cartoony in comparison, it was ...
Don't be tricked by a pretty face and what sounds like an interesting plot description; this movie is dull as paste.. . You'd think with such harrowing plot points that the story would gripping and intense but the way its told is so unbearably slow and with such pretentious self aggrandizing that even the most dire circumstances become grim monotony.. . The art can be incredibly beautiful in snapshots but those snapshots are sparsely sprinkled through very minimally animated sections, infinitely looping scenes that go on forever, and outright still images. You'd really get the whole art experience of this just looking at a collection of screenshots. I'd honestly ...
The comeback of FLCL with 'Grunge' was honestly very disappointing for me. Although this show demonstrates heavy inspiration from the 2000s release, it struggles with elements that seem unsure about how to move forward with the setting and cast.. . The three episodes are meant to showcase the characters Shinpachi, Shonari, and Orinoko, but out of these three, only Orinoko had a properly developed personality and backstory. Shinpachi, an attempt to resemble Naoto, was never explored any deeper in the first episode, even though he was supposed to be the main character. Instead, the entire episode felt like a regurgitation of ideas and messy direction that simply ...
There are two kinds of bad anime, anime that you know are bad but you watch anyway and anime so bad you drop it. This anime definitely falls into the latter camp.. . From the start the anime has an incredibly awkward vibe in terms of its tone, characters and themes. The characters don't seem to behave in a natural manner and have a sense of fake wholesomeness to them that's just incredibly off-putting. The animation itself is okay but the art style and character designs are generic and bad. The anime bills itself as kind of anime Harry Potter but has no interesting characters and ...
It started with an intriguing premise and captivating first episode. The initial plot setup was full of potential, leaving you eager to see where it would lead. However, as the series progressed, disappointment set in. It became meandering and lost its direction.. The character designs were interesting, but with average animation and composition, it wasn’t anything special.. The animation quality also suffered, with inconsistent pacing, and lackluster fight scenes. It's regrettable that a show with such a strong start ultimately failed to deliver on its early potential.. ...
“I want my 8 hours back” was the first thing I thought to myself when I finished the final episode. I’ll be completely honest, this anime is one of the most appalling animes I’ve ever watched to date. Despite the somewhat interesting story concept presented here, the execution for this anime was simply atrocious in almost every single aspect.. . In this anime, we have our protagonist, Ibuki Keita, who meets this girl, Kuro, and makes a contract with her due to sudden unforeseen circumstances. And throughout the anime, the ideas of “fate” is presented as a common motif as Keita and Kuro tries to find a ...
Season 2 had promise but was just a rushed mess. They overloaded with so many fights with little in between time, and it didn't explain what was happening. It is almost impossible to feel anything due to how they had to wrap it up and fix season 1's slow pacing. Aside from the main fight, most of them were pretty forgettable, only one maybe daeriblade vs mihaelis.. This is largely because you didn't have a central suit, and factions weren't easily defined. They crammed so many suits, you have to literally pause to find which is which. This show had the most suits pushed into ...
I’ll preface this review by saying that I am a huge fan of Rent-A-Girlfriend. I have rewatched the first season three times. I have spent days worth of time listening to OPs, EDs and the OST of this show. I have bought hardcovers of some of the volumes of the manga. The show resonated with me so profoundly that it is no exaggeration to say that it changed my life, in ways I cannot even begin to describe. Even for me, however, Rent-A-Girlfriend season three was not enjoyable.. . This season centers more around Kazuya and Chizuru’s dynamic as director and actor instead of client and rental ...
The anime was awesome! The animation and voice acting were top-notch, making the show super enjoyable. I especially liked how they portrayed the ghosts; it gave the whole thing a really creepy vibe.. . But here's the thing, the random fanservice shots in the anime got on my nerves big time. It felt kinda unnecessary and took away from the story. So, I decided to bail on the anime and stick to the manga instead. The manga has all the good stuff from the anime, minus those weird fanservice moments.. . So yeah, if you're like me and don't want to deal with that fanservice stuff, go for the ...
As much as I'd want to go ranting so hard, I'd just refrain from doing so as it's clear to me now, that this entire season (Part 1 and 2) has been designed for younger audiences. And I'm ashamed for denying that for too long. So me wasting my time on this show is all on me. I've got nothing and no one to blame but my Emi-and-Suzuno-simping self xD. . Obstacles that have been set up since the beginning of the series? Taken care of in a matter of seconds.. Characters being kept hostage and/or in a tough situation needing to be saved? Effortlessly saved in a ...
Yoshio Aramaki is officially one of the worst content creators in Japan in my book.. Not only did he create one of the worst historical novels (it could very well be the worst) in Konpeki no Kantai but he also created this strange thing that is difficult to describe.. Like many people here already said "Big Wars"? more like Big *BORING* Wars!!!. The movie tries to tell a great story but it doesn't have the time or the proper writing for it, Yoshio simply doesn't know how to write a good story to save his life, even with an interesting premise.. It is not completely an atrocity like konpeki ...
It's very decidedly average. Maybe even blow that. I do enjoy the world. There's some fun things there. Economically it doesn't make sense for a world where everything is monster drops. Including money. After all that would be... you know what I'm not going to go on a gold rush rant yet again. I spend two hours fuming to myself after that episode.. . Again I like the world. Economics aside it is interesting to be in a world where everything comes from drops. I even like that when left alone they spawn more powerfully as Strays if left alone. It's WILDLY inconsistent about that though. Sometimes ...
Before this anime was released, many people were looking forward to its presence, starting from the characters that looked good, and the title that seemed promising.. . But unfortunately all of that is just a hallucination, basically this is just an anime with fan service, it doesn't prioritize the storyline, even though the character design is good the story is bad making it unbalanced.. . The initial introduction is quite boring, especially as the voice actors I've often heard in several previous anime make me even more bored, I tried watching other episodes hoping their fighting scenes would be good, but unfortunately they weren't, Everything was bad, long-winded, a ...
Holy crap there was not one single episode I could have cared about even in the slightest. Slice of Life anime aren't my favourite genre, not by a good longshot, but I'm willing to give any one of them a chance and a good watch-through, but that wasn't even the problem. This was supposed to be an anime that revolved around drama/performance art and comedy, and there was...no...comedy. Nothing was funny, every scene was bland and fell pancake-flat. I practically hated every episode. Definitely never going for a second watch, and I'm glad the pain lasted only twelve episodes...that's probably about 12 episodes too many, ...
It is spring at last, a sunny Monday morning: the breeze feels cool on your skin, the cherry blossoms have bloomed, filling the surroundings with their sweet, acidic, smell; gently caressing all your senses, while you listen to your favorite morning playlist. You have just boarded the train to school when, suddenly, she appears. She dashes towards the train, barely making it through the closing doors, scraping through their thin gap. You observe her quietly, enchanted by her beauty, as she bends down to catch her breath. She lifts her head and your eyes finally meet. You both instinctively look away right when the train ...
This show is... boring.. . Whatever direction you thought it was headed in the first 2-3ish episodes is NOT where it goes at all. In retrospect, it's like those episodes are from an entirely different show.. It becomes the most tedious and drawn out pseudo crime mystery drama story you've ever seen, with a bunch of characters you don't care about, and lore that makes your eyes roll to the back of their skull. To make it more fun, the show decides the main bulk of the plot should take place in one empty room. Whoever came up with that is truly a genius.. . This is one ...
This anime is an isekai that has nothing going for it except for its unique concept, namely being reincarnated as a vending machine.. . The story is about a guy who likes vending machines, dying by being crushed by a vending machine, reincarnating in a fantasy world as a vending machine. While there does seem to be a storyline, most things that happen in the anime are random and don't follow a solid storyline. Some of the events that happen in the anime make great use of the fact that the main character is a vending machine to come up with some unexpected and interesting solutions ...
I did not enjoy this season at all. It was frankly super boring and uninteresting.. . . The biggest flack I have for this show is that it was not really comedic. For a comedy show you cannot have 2/3rds of the season being a super dramatic and nonsensical fight drama.. . Speaking of the fighting, when they went back to the Ente Isla it was super boring. The main problem is that there was no weightage. Who were the villains? Why do I care?. Sure they explained throughout the few seasons but I kinda tuned them out haha... because it was so boring.. . I just wanted a show which looks into ...
I gave this one about 3 episodes and by episode 1 I could tell this was ripped straight from a light novel and slapped together quickly. Visually its good but there is jut so much dialogue. The plot itself i also so confusing and unsure of where its headed it practically loops back on itself just to explain away any plot holes. Light novels thrive on using words to explain whats going on and well anime just doesn't succeed in that realm and it becomes stale and boring. You get bogged down by all the talking and still frames where only the characters mouths are ...
To be honest at this point I don't even want this series to get another season. I liked S1 a lot, S2 was disappointing, but there was at least SOME hope things would go better at S3. Well, it didn’t. So here is a quick list for you if you are considering if this anime is worth your time.. . -Visuals. Yes, I know I am late to the party, I just thought that I could get used to it. I couldn’t. Everything looks like it is some of those “cute girls doing cute things” slice of life anime on an extreme budget, but we have a ...
I would not reccomend one piece the anime, but I would reccomend the manga.. . Good:. Characters - One piece has some of the best written characters I have seen in anime. Humour - maybe not at the first few arcs, but one piece has made me genuinely laugh a few times, which is more than I can say for most anime. Plot - It might feel repetitive when you go through arcs and there are new people to save and whatnot, but it gets super intricate and I love how everything is connected. . Bad:. Pacing - the pacing is so terrible in the anime it is borderline unwatchable. All of the ...
Mushoku Tensei II: Welcome to Incel Hogwarts. . Just watch Ep4, Ep9, Ep11 and Ep12 and you'll miss absolutely nothing of consequence. This season has all the trappings of a filler arc, but I'm told it is actually a quite condensed version of what happens in the manga. God knows what dreck they must have cut if THIS is what we're left with.. . Story: This season the plot alternates between Rudy crying and Rudy assaulting a series of teenage girls in an attempt to reclaim his manhood. His erectile dysfunction is a physical manifestation of his depression and anxiety, but the episodes spend an inordinate amount of time ...
Jujur sebenarnya anime ini bagus dari segi jalan ceritanya, cuma apa yang saya tak suka adalah yuri, ibu nya Rin dan Yukio yang ingin berteman dengan para syaitan, jujur itu karakter yuri itu sesat weh, kerana ingin manusia berteman dengan syaitan? What The Fish Man!. . Penyebab mengapa saya tidak merekomendasikan anime ini bukan kerana anime ini jelek dari segi animasi ataupun ceritanya, ceritanya bagus, animasinya okelah gak kayak ep ep, dan semua karakter nya pun menarik, dan ada tiga karakter favorite saya iaitu Rin, kuro dan Shiemi, yang buat saya tidak rekomendasi kerana anime ini sedikit sesat sikit, kerana ada yang kata mereka bukan seperti ...
In my perspective, this anime lacks coherence and fails to establish a strong narrative foundation. To begin with, the story stats with a seemingly random scene that bears no relevance to the subsequent chapters. The characters are unengaging, with an absence of substantial context regarding their identities, occupations, or the underlying motivations of the antagonists and protagonists. This results in a perplexing viewing experience. Personally, I found no enjoyment in this anime at any point, and I am uncertain how I managed to endure it in its entirety. Each episode appears disjointed, resembling disparate tales that fail to interconnect logically.. . One noteworthy aspect worth mentioning is ...
one of the most anticipated movies turned out to be such a huge dissapointment to me , with weak repetitve plot and classic ending proved me that i was right about my thoughts of some trend movies or anime in general , i know its about opinion and taste but the matter of fact not everything is trend it means good , some showes really overrrated and others really underrated so basically the thing here is you have to experience the thing by yourown self and see how it handle , regardless the animation was pretty decent no doubt in that however this movie feels ...
This show started off well enough, but quickly fell off the rails with it's annoying and frustrating moments that eclipsed the more cuter and wholesome acts, and never really got back on track again.. . I was quite looking forward to this show, in an already packed Summer 2023 season. As a studio, Doga Kobo is a personal favorite of mine, so I was more than willing to check out Shiro Seijo to Kuro Bokushi. They are the creme de la creme of CGDCT and/or wholesome slow life anime at the moment, the synopsis reaffirming my feelings once again, anticipating another relaxing and funny Doga Kobo ...
A 3/10 anime that occasionally reaches 6/10 with it's amazing soundtrack and CGI. But is a boring slog outwith that.. . Wangan Midnight offers a different and unique spin on Racing anime. Set primarily on the Wangan route of highways but dabbles in others. As such, straight lines are the name of the game, and the need for speed is more necessary than the drifting techniques of Initial D, the anime this is most compared to. I will also be making this comparison.. . The CGI is amazing, and holds up well today. The cars are very well detailed and the backgrounds provide a beautiful backdrop as ...
With such a ridiculous premise and equally ridiculous name you'd expect this anime to be pretty wacky, right? You'd expect some serious off the wall humor full of nonsense. That's what you would expect from such a story with such a stupid plot. If it were like that this show would be so funny.. . But no, it sadly is very average. Below average even.. . I watched at least an hours worth of this anime, and there was only one joke at the beginning that actually landed. After that we get introduced to incredibly shallow characters that you'd see in every average isekai. The designs are...alright, again very ...
What I expected after the first episode - Discount Bakemonogatari.. What I got - Discount Fate Spin-off.. . The Monogatari Series, or, more accurately, its anime adaptation by studio Shaft, has had an absolutely profound impact on the industry. Yet, compared to similar era-defining shows such as Evangelion or Madoka, it spawned a shockingly low amount of straight-up imitations. And it's not hard to see why, an author has to have at least 150 IQ to even attempt to write this type of story, as well as immense confidence not to be afraid of unfavorable comparisons with Nisio Isin. Though IQ below 100 and the Dunning-Kruger effect is ...
Alright so, Atelier Ryza is a show that came out of nowhere to be honest. I tried getting into it because you know (Thighs) but the plot is just literal garbage and repetitive. I know it's adapted from a game but come on this almost made me sleep, this is just not for me. I feel like the only good thing about this anime is the friendship between the main characters, the artstyle which is really pretty actually, the animation which has insane lighting and is really smooth and... ahem (Thighs). Anyways, this is not worth a watch from my point of view. It's boring ...
Game is a famous theme in animation, with many hardcore fans who are proud of understanding something faster than others. To meet the expectation, novels/comics/animations in this genre have to design a flawless game with an ingenious solution. "Liar Game" is one of the best that meets this requirement.. . "Liar Liar" may attract those who loved "Liar Game" with its title, but they will be soon disappointed. All game is done in form of digital game, and administrator can easily manipulate game data. All the plot in this show is "when you can cheat, you win", so there is no need to design a fine game ...
Some context is necessary before diving into the review proper. This is a 3 episode OVA adaptation of a multi-route visual novel, with each of the three episodes covering one route from the game. The characters are the same each time, but each episode is standalone and there is no continuity between them by design.. . From that preamble, you can probably guess the main issue with this series, right? The OVAs lop off a large chunk of the game's story (released as a separate game called Memories Off Pure) and have to condense hours worth of content in each route to a crisp 30 minutes that ...
While the visuals thematically are great, especially considering it's a hand-drawn animation, the plot of the story is just one big fever dream, nothing makes sense, there are no characters you root for, and at any moment the movie just felt... baffling and confusing. Why would such a large government security building have such a small and poorly secured room for Tetsuo? And how did Kaneda just end up holding a laser gun out of nowhere? Tetsuo is almost worth sympathizing for, but just comes across as annoying and brash to his friends who helped him in the exposition. And Kaneda was just trying too ...
It's easy to be offended by a show with a premise like this, but let's just stipulate from the beginning that this is an age gap romance between an adult man and a high school girl. We all know the deal here from the synopsis. If this sort of a thing is a hard no to you, you probably aren't even reading this review. So, taking Koikimo on its own terms, does it succeed at creating a compelling romance? I will spare you the suspense, the answer is an emphatic no.. . Before diving into the meat of what went wrong with this series, I think it's ...
It’s just random stuff that works for other shows thrown together and it doesn’t work.. . CONS. . -Extremely predictable and basic story. . -Art style fits the story but it’s basic and not memorable. The designs left a lot to be desired.. . -The characters are your basic cool guy, hype guy, plus girl combo. . ...
I watched Knight's & Magic. Here are my thoughts:. . This anime is about a geeky programmer who gets isekai'd into a fantasy world where he is transformed into an androgynous mecha-fanatic (inb4: wow he's literally me!). The isekai world is like a medieval fantasy setting but with mechs added. Basically, this is a typical isekai show but with a lot of mecha-related content. If you stripped away the mecha theme, this would be an utterly generic medieval isekai. The mecha theme in a medieval setting is the only thing this anime has going for it – there really isn't any other selling point. In general this ...
Same cycle as professional teaser takagi.. Slice of life. No comedy. Little romance and only kids embarrassing themselves. Nice art style.. . As the title says the show leaves alot to be desired and would lead me to class it as a mid season fodder of an anime.. The cycle which is used is girl who repeatedly forgets her glasses gains friendship through her male peer who is overall a nice boy and helps her cope when she isn't able to see.. She also seems to be near blind and short sighted so everything ends up with her having to smother her face so she can kind of see what she ...
I watched Akiba's Trip. Here are my thoughts:. . The plot is mostly episodic monster-of-the-week stuff that is consistently boring and idiotic. Basically, there are bad guys in Akibahara, and the only way to fight them is to strip off their clothes (hence the title of the show). It's as moronic as it sounds, and it stops being funny after about 5 minutes, yet entire scenes are devoted to it, usually multiple times per episode. The fight scenes are boring as hell and drag on way too long. This show overall is frankly just completely retarded, and not in an endearing way either, at least not enough ...
Supposedly this is an horror and supernatural thing, with a little bit of mystery, but out of nowhere, it shoves some out of place comedy into your face, followed by some shallow teenager drama thing, and only after that they decide to reintroduce us into what was supposed to be the main focus, the supernatural horror thing, just to shortly after disfigure it into a action based fighting or chase/escape scene, that while everything was being rushed, because for some reason we gotta go back to the teenager drama thing.. . The comedy mix with horror wouldn't even be a problem, there are lots of shows that ...
Typically, the best, or at the very least most memorable, romance and slice of life anime have an engaging story and a likeable set of characters. There are countless anime out there that follow this, however The Girl I Like Forgot Her Glasses doesn't have any whatsoever. The main leads of this series, Kaede Komura and Ai Mie, are some of the most annoying protagonists in any romance story I've seen so far. Kaede constantly thinks and says very weird and at times lewd thoughts about Ai, while Mie's IQ drops over 1000 the second she doesn't have her glasses. The show also likes to ...
I accidentally saw an anime with a high score and hoped it would be good, but unfortunately it wasn't, The story moves very slowly and is difficult to understand because the story moves so slowly.. The sound effects also make my ears hurt, especially when there is a scene where one of the characters has a nightmare, and I as a viewer have to listen to the unpleasant sound. Very annoying, for what reason do I have to listen to the nightmares of that character?. . The character design is also bad, especially their skin color, like the skin of a dead person, too white, are they ...
Let's start this off slowly. I... don't mind stories that have slow starts, some may have a rough start but still managed to be a groundbreaking experience to behold. I... don't mind romance stories despite my personal dislike for them if the characters are likeable and a joy to watch without feeling unnecessary and existed for the heck of it. I... also don't mind if the animation looks mediocre or generic, it doesn't entirely determine the anime's quality as long as the story is not... boring. Yet this is what this anime has managed to pull off, a disappointment in terms of characters, visuals, ...
Please don't go straight to points that are difficult to understand at the start of the episode. I don't understand whether it's a scene in the future or not so I'm confused about whether to skip it or not.. The storyline is very ordinary, for the MC who is too cheerful, and says he just wants to make friends while hiding his true identity, It's not too much of a problem for that, and I feel like I can watch this anime all the way until the last episode.. . But unfortunately in episode 5 I had to feel disappointed, because there was a female character with ...
when you don't have a plot for your story, it means that you have room to develop chemistry between your characters, but this anime is only about a clumsy woman who comes back from work and eats her cat's food.. the pacing is tragic btw, I've never seen a story with a worse pacing.. . now, the reasons I'm not giving this a 1/10:. 1. the animation: it's a little uncanny but it's still good.. 2. Fukuzawa (the mc): her personality made the show bearable for 3 episodes. but keep that in mind that it's only her raw personality bc she never ends up being in an interesting situation ...
This season can simply be summed up in one sentence with "they are just like us you bigot". The concept of adventurers getting stronger by killing monsters and monsters getting stronger by killing adventurers was too simple of a concept so they had to give us this 12 episode drawn out lecture all because a tiny minority of monsters are sentient. Its reasonable to not like monsters because it should be common sense to not like them, they have killed a lot of people and because a few are "good and are sentient" does not change that fact. This season goes well out of its ...
Honestly not a bad reincarnation anime so far as the story is concerned, but the main character's multitude of sex crimes really drags it down. You'll casually go from scenes of this guy pulling of awesome magic in a new world where he gets a much better family and life, (which will be genuinely heartwarming to see) then you'll see him sexually assault a sleeping 9-year-old child. Yeah, that killed the dying horse for me. I understand he's a main character with flaws (mainly being a creepy dirtbag) but the anime revels in it to a disturbing degree.. . I've seen a bunch of ecchi and ...
I have absolutely no idea why this got renewed for a second season.. . It's literally a slice of life isekai of a vending machine with a harem. That is literally all you need to know.. . The setting is bland.. Only good music was the Op.. Vending machine can only say like 6 or 8 phrases and only communicates through that apart from inner monologue.. Character design I don't even want to talk about.. Animation was seasonal fodder level.. No comedy all just slice of life harem vending machine. No joke.. ...
So it should be Isekai, Adventure, Fantasy, but what we get is School Drama.. All this is better done by many other anime, more emotions and character are better build than in this one. Plot armor are used too, so happen that falling, so happen that land on x, so happen that it was in y place, and... yeah. (and was few of this multiple things happen at once so scene could happen). Animation is bad, but I watched a lot worst and it didn't stop me, because story was interesting, this... I skip some episodes, because they was nothing interesting in them. 90% of this ...
It has some protentional but the character development needs work, the dub voice-acting can be iffy (even if they have great voice actors), and it tries to be a political thriller but the main character is a whiny idiot lol. It tries to tackle a lot of important things but just kinda fumbles it because the way the situations are dealt with aren't realistic, the plot resolve doesn't feel impactful.. Morgiana was the best character because she had clear development, reasonable decisions, good voice acting, and she just actually gets shit done.. Sinbad also kinda just ruins the whole character development and tension of the ...
I just can’t get over this animation. This was the wrong series to experiment with this 3D-2D animation style. The characters look grotesque—more so than in the manga—and their movements are stiff and unnatural. It feels clinical and more inhuman than it needs to be. This would have been much better as a traditional 2D animation.. . I love the manga—truly one of my top mangas ever—but this anime is just such a poor adaptation. Physically difficult to watch. Also, I’ll never forgive whoever it was who decided that Legosi (named after famous B-movie actor Bella Legosi) should be pronounced “Lego-shee.” I can forgive the original VO, ...
I... honestly don't know how to feel about FLCL Grunge. I wanna like it, but I can't. Visually, it's pretty fun. It's no Beastars or Land of the Lustrous, it certainly has its iffy moments, but the lineless cel-shaded style is cool. However, the actual story is the definition of mediocre.. Grunge felt like a re-tread of almost every single one of the original's story beats. It doesn't even do anything to subvert them or put any sort of spin on em. When it tries to do something different by throwing some (somewhat typical) emotional punches, they don't hit as hard as they were probably intended ...
This anime is entirely carried by the good-looking characters and the animation. Everything else is just bad: the MC is meek, indecisive, has zero self esteem and her personality is practically being depressed and doing chores for her husband. The pacing is slow and the plot is boring. The action parts are lacking suspance or any real sense of danger and you can easily predict the outcome. The romance scenes are meh, there's no chemistry and the male lead's feelings seem to develop from pity. Watch if you have nothing better to do and want to hear people talking in the background.
What the fuck did I just witness?. . I am not that new to anime, but I have this goal to watch many different genres and go through different themes (as in the plots) as much as possible. I have seen mixed reviews about Domestic Girlfriend and it's been on my watchlist for quite some time. Because I am a sucker for romance in any shape and form, I decided to finally watch it. And for your information, I did not check the MAL score for this before watching, which I kind of regret now.. . I did rate this 4, which I think is GENEROUS. The only ...
Talking about bad adaptation, I guess most of us already know about the live-action “Dragon Ball Evolution” or the second season of “The Promised Neverland”. Welp, unfortunately, it just happened to be the same case for this Anime. I didn’t have much expectation when seeing the trailer but this is just too much to deal with. Calling this abomination a trainwreck is even an understatement.. . The disaster inherently stems from the concept in the first place. Let’s imagine, if allowing Anime to be aired on Netflix through batch release is considered a crime, then allowing the masterpiece “Hi no Tori” to be directed by an incompetent ...
I DO NOT RECOMMEND TO ANYONE THAT IS HUMAN OR ACTUALLY HAS EXPERIENCE WITH SUICIDE!!!. . Watching this movie was a HUGE slap in the face to anybody that has experience with suicide! None of the actions portrayed in this movie are realistic, it feels like suicide and deafness are being use for a tear and a good rating.. . It looked and sounded great, characters acted inhuman, all serious parts of this anime made me irate because I couldn’t believe that they acted the way they did…this movie is literally filled with the worst people I’ve ever seen. . Movie is completely unrealistic and it pains me to see it ...
This anime was released a long time ago but at that time I didn't really think about writing a review here, and now I will.. As you know, there are TV and BD versions of anime, so for the first time I watched the TV version, and in my opinion there was nothing interesting about it.. However, because many people said that this anime was good and many people praised it, I decided to watch it again in the BD version, But unfortunately my opinion still remains the same and has not changed, I think I was wrong in judging this anime because I only think it's ...
The Demon Lord is reborn as a typical nobody has managed to worm its way into becoming my least favorite anime of all time. I'm actually impressed by that achievement and I've watched plenty of degenerate trash before, so that says a lot. It took me over a year to finish this series because after watching one episode I would need a mental break I will try my best not to repeat what everyone else have already said, but seeing how many reviews there are, that most likely will seem impossible. I will also be avoiding spoilers.. . Story: Actually had a good premise and I was ...
I felt like the show was extremely boring. It tries to be an emotional drama but with semi-episodic approach most side characters are not given enough time and Violet is just not interesting enough. She weren't given much of a backstory - all that we shown from her past is three key events and even her "flashback" episode just recycled them. Also, it's still not not clear what her robotic arms bring to the story besides some surface-level symbolism.. . I guess all and all my expectations for the show just too high. For someone who's into anime drama it could be a good show to ...
I watched Imouto sae Ireba Ii, also known as A Sister is All You Need. Here are my thoughts:. . Wow this is complete trash. It was a mistake to feel the slightest flicker of optimism for anything created by the same guy who wrote Boku wa Tomodachi ga Sukunai. Despite being about the manga/LN industry and having characters who are slightly older and 'more adult' than your average anime, this show is surprisingly juvenile. The author really channelled their inner 14-year-old boy into this.. . There is a ton of sexual humour in this and most of it is utterly moronic, even by anime standards. Furthermore, the amount ...
I watched ACCA: 13-ku Kansatsu-ka. Also known as ACCA: 13th Territory Inspection Department. Here are my thoughts:. . I'd describe the world this takes place in as a fascist monarchy. Culturally, it felt like a mix of France and Germany but not overtly Nazi-inspired (aside from the uniforms). It also felt like a mid-20th-century time period but with some modern technology added like cell phones and desktop computers. It was peculiar. Sometimes a random piece of technology would appear in a scene and it would seem very unusual and break my immersion for a moment.. . This anime is about a political conspiracy that unfolds painfully slowly over the ...
I watched Kimi no Koe wo Todoketai, also known as I Want To Deliver Your Voice. Here are my thoughts:. . This is just a ~90-minute movie, so I'll try to be brief.. . It should be noted that I'm a huge sucker for anything relating to DJing, or radio, or talk shows, or just anything that involves sharing audio with others really. For this reason I thought I might like this movie, and was cautiously optimistic about it.. . The plot of this feels kind of unfocused, and most of the movie consists of the various teenage girl characters messing around in this radio cafe place. There is some petty ...
I watched Tsuki ga Kirei, also known as The Moon is Beautiful or NyQuil PM. Here are my thoughts:. . I tried. I swear I tried. I tried my very best to like this show. I dropped it TWICE – once shortly after it aired, and once again when I gave it a second chance around 2019. I picked it up a third time in 2022 in a desperate effort to see what the hype was all about, yet still I was disappointed, although did finish it. I did my very best to like this show, and watched it in a variety of states of mind only ...
I'll be honest. At first I was intrigued by the premise because it seemed like the first few episodes looked like a mix of Classroom of the Elite and No Game No Life. But I was wrong. VERY WRONG in fact.. . The premise being that the main character has to pretend to be the strongest student is fine. Even the cheating is fine because it was necessary for him to keep up the facade and the games that were introduced along the way were intriguing enough right? Well just throw all of that out the window. Rules? What rules? Who cares about the rules of ...
An anime with a great concept, about a great hero that has fallen from his power level after saving the world and then trying to live a normal life. The only issue is that it fails to deliver in showing any great plotlines.. . The concept of a great hero having to go to school after he lost his powers and then just want to live his life, can make for some exciting scenes. But it fails to show this, and instead often shows how the main character still can handle all enemies with a single hit. Which completely destroys the concept and possibilities for development. So ...
I watched Juuni Taisen, also known as Zodiac War. Here are my thoughts:. . So basically, as you might have guessed, there are 12 warriors, each of whom are vaguely based on a zodiac animal. They all fight each other to the death simultaneously in an abandoned city because of a battle royale-style competition. It was interesting to see how the various warrior abilities competed against each other (and worked together in some cases). I'm a huge sucker for battle royale-style conflicts such as this.. . The actual battle royale plot is easy to watch and makes for suitable binge-watch material. If you just feel like burning through an ...
Look how they massacred my boy.... I wont build an objective critic about this, I'm really disapointed by this season.. . I think MT season 1 was a masterpiece, especially part 2. I genuinely think Mushoku Tensei is the best anime I've ever watched, despite the fact that there are a lot of really out of pocket "ecchi" scenes I cannot bear, they did depict a man that is deranged, scarred by his previous life and those scenes brought authenticity to the character of Rudeus.. As we follow him on his journey we watched him grow much more mature, responsible, sociable, we witnessed the rebirth of a man who ...
One paragraph reviews #1:. . The best entertainment value you will get out of this stinking rotting corpse of a show is if you watch it high af or grogged up on 1.5 speed. Somehow watching it faster makes the even the unfunniest of the jokes this show throws at you tolerable and depending on your state actually funny. There literally isn't anything else good about this god forsaken anime. The artstyle for some reason has unreasonably bright scenes likes it's a bit too vibrant flashback that doesn't end until your suffering of watching this anime does. The character designs are uninspired even for Isekai standarts and ...
You can also skip this one, refer to my review on Battle stage 3. It was terrible.. . I cannot believe such an atrocity ended the beloved Initial D series, though it is probably for the best.. . Any Initial D outside of the main Stages are quite bad in my opinion.. Non-Canon events generally have no weightage to them.. . I am not even going to talk about the story, since some others talk about it. Why the story does not work? Well.... . ...
Battle Stage 3 was really really bad actually.... . I cannot believe such an atrocity ended the beloved Initial D series, though it is probably for the best.. . Any Initial D outside of the main Stages are quite bad in my opinion.. Non-Canon events generally have no weightage to them.. . People waited 7 years from Final Stage to Battle Stage... and for them to get this is frankly disappointing.. . I am not even going to talk about the story, since some others talk about it. Why the story does not work? Well.... ...
What a terrible run, what was once an interesting anime in a sea of generic isekai has become yet another generic isekai.. . This season is basically divided in two parts: the first one is mostly about Rudeus having a relationship with a side character that gives of that filler feeling to it since they won't have any active role or relevance to the main story; the second part is about Rudeus meeting Sylphie, but they just keep on stalling this meet, or rather having Sylphiette reveal who she really is.. . This season is also the cringiest so far, edginess levels that are very embarrassing to watch, the ...
Animation: Bad. Character development: Horrendous. Audio: Atrocious. Adaptation: Pile of feces. . This is an adaption of a actually really good game by the talented and dedicated solo developer Shitou. This adaptation effectively ruins all of Shitou's carefully thought shame scenarios, all the content that made the game such a success was reduced to generic low budged sex scenes, all plot and character development was cut for the sake of those horrendous generic scenes.. Something else that bothers me is that every time someone says 少女 there's a really loud bleep sound which gives this work the killing blow as they keep saying 魔法少女 all the time. Note that under Japan's ...
Has the slave trainer premise, but there's no rape, no BDSM, no humiliation. There's just normal sex, anal sex, blowjobs. The only thing that make this anime slightly different of 2000 others is the protagonist that has some kind of badass charisma.. Recommend it to those who dislike rape, guro or any other kink, cause it has none.... The story is the classic premise of a feminine school that turns JKs into prostitutes.. The art looks good in the majority of the time, sometimes it feels like "Welcome to the 90s".. With the exception of the moans, the sound kinda sucks.. For characters we have our protagonist, a drunk pimp ...
I have never felt so thoroughly repulsed in my life as I did while watching the first episode of FLCL: Grunge. Perhaps it’s a sign of the current state of the medium that a beloved OVA has been turned in a soulless cash-cow franchise with each successive sequel becoming somehow even more creatively bankrupt than the last, but regardless Grunge outdoes itself in being completely void of any artistic merit, passion, or ability to inspire anything other than instinctive aversion to the rational mind. It’s clear as day this is a vanity project, the long-dead corpse of a once great 6-episode series being puppeteered by ...
Hakushaku to Yousei (Early and Fairy) Specials - a picture drama where the characters recite lines from Shakespeare poems. The poetic lines are recited using Old English terms like "thine" and "thee".. Imagine sitting through literature class deciphering the intricate meanings behind every line of Shakespeare's poems. A dictionary needs to be rested in the audience's hands that cracks the Old English terms into the modern day language. Even the subtitles and captions are written in Old English. It confused me greatly. There's no substantial plot. It's more of a poetry recital. I'm also not in the mood to crack each poetic line to decipher the ...
Without a shadow of a doubt the worst piece of media I've ever had the displeasure of watching. An incredible premise that contains so much potential, but doesn't fulfil even a sliver of it. Shallow in every sense. Posing as an intellectual anime, but its everything but. Obnoxious characters. Horrifically paced story where nothing happens, only to end on a cliff hanger making you want to watch the next episode... only for - suprise surprise - nothing to happen again. Every awful trope from shounen anime rolled into one. Not a single redeeming quality.. . I watched 'Angels Egg' for the first time last night and the ...
Everything this anime was praised for in the first season--high production values, cinematic direction, extensive worldbuilding and engaging turning points--is now nonexistent as it hones in on all the things that made this a nauseatingly unpalatable work from the very beginning. The only thing that remains this season is what Mushoku Tensei has always been at its core: An unsophisticated and unprofessional generic power fantasy isekai with fetishistic eroticism as its defining characteristic.. . Mushoku Tensei wants to have its cake and eat it by being a pensive fantasy epic about redemption with immersive worldbuilding whilst incorporating trashy seasonal ecchi power fantasy elements operating on hentai ...
Awful, the biggest problem is that the Art style changed, it feels more like those Chinese anime or those Korean anime.. . I really hate how different the sequel looks and feels compared to the prequel, it doesn't feel like I'm watching (Masamune-Kun no Revenge), more like watching a Chinese anime despite it being the literal sequel, I was completely lost in the first episode, but I think that's because it has been quite some time since I watched the prequel back in 2017.. . I gave up on this on the third episode, I was very disappointed that I couldn't even bring myself to endure watching despite being ...
FLCL Grunge is the worst FLCL sequel yet. The original FLCL was one of the most creative, beautifully made anime of its time, with every bit of it oozing with the passion of every person involved, but as has been proven time and time again, Americans getting their hands on anime has heavily hurt the industry, and the FLCL sequels commissioned by Adult Swim have been no exception. Not even bothering to bring back the minds that made the original great, Progressive was a swallow attempt at trying to make the OG again, but lacking any of the charm and boundless inspiration that it had, ...
What a failure of a show this was. After watching Immoral Guild and KamiKatsu I was really looking forward to a bit of guilty pleasure ecchi so you shouldn't have trouble imagining how disappointed I was when we got served up whatever slop this was.. . This was supposed to be ecchi, but it was so lame that a normal anime heavy on the fan service would have been more titillating. The girls looked okay but were let down by the animation (except for the stills in the ED), and their personalities were flatter than the paper they were drawn on.. . As for the comedy, entire episodes would ...
Gather 'round, folks. We're about to take a trip into the dumpster fire known as Masamune-kun's Revenge.. . Picture a plot thinner than a sheet of paper, characters flatter than day-old soda, and a 'revenge' plot so juvenile it'd make even a high school drama seem profound. This anime redefines the art of cringe.. . Masamune-kun's Revenge manages to squander a potentially interesting concept, delivering cringe-worthy 'comedy,' ludicrous drama, and characters you won't even remember once the credits roll.. . In short, this anime is like a guilty pleasure you know you should quit, but you keep coming back for more disappointment. Grab your popcorn and brace for impact. You've been ...
The original Fooly Cooly was like lightning in a bottle. It was something that can't be replicated, and remains one of the most iconic series in the history of Japanese animation. But here we are, with Adult Swim's third attempt to capture lightning in a bottle with another series.. . Grunge takes place on a different planet, seemingly a post-apocalyptic dystopia setting where crime is rampant and people are trying to get off the planet, but with limited shuttles left. With this being a different planet, not only are there humans, but there are also rock people for some reason. No other explanation is given on the ...
The original FLCL remains as one of my favorite anime of all time even after 20 years. I also enjoyed Progressive and Alternative quite a bit. I was wondering if the music had an influence on my opinion on them but I do genuinely really like the characters for those two and after watching this I know for sure that it wasn't just the music.. The one point I'm giving this anime is from the first episode and the music alone. The first episode was decent. I rated the anime 6/10 after seeing it and then it got worse. Way worse.. . It attempted to be a reboot ...
I'm writing this review from the perspective of someone who loved FLCL Progressive. I genuinely think Progressive earns the name FLCL. Alternative needs a rewatch before I give my full thoughts but the point is I'm speaking as someone who doesn't think the existence of these sequels is an abomination upon mankind.. . . What the fuck is this?. . . Let's go back a bit. I'm of the firm belief that we were going to get sequels to FLCL no matter what. It's not Adult Swim's fault, it's Gainax's for not selling the rights to Hideaki Anno and/or Kazuya Tsurumaki so they could sit on the rights until they croak. ...
Out of all of the reincarnated-as-an-unusual-thing-in-a-generic-fantasy-RPG-inspired-setting isekai series, this is certainly one of them. I had high hopes for this to either be a wacky parody or an unusual approach to the typical setup, but unfortunately the show plays its premise completely straight and has no creative way of telling it. The guy is a vending machine that's also an adventurer for the guild that helps with clearing out monsters in the labyrinth. I'm very sad to report that somehow it isn't anywhere near as fun or funny as that description would imply.. . It has every flaw you'd expect from a generic isekai - the supporting ...
1st of all it's not canon. The story doesn't convey any message or anything nor does it have a theme. It just feels like a very long side story mixed with what if.. Secondly the villains don't have any good points. their motive might be good but even they have to know that what they're doing is just pure bulls**t.. And lastly the captains are completely useless like what the actual f**k. And the new recruits can do all of this stuff but the captains are just there for supporting them instead of then being the head of the attack. It doesn't make any sense why would ...
Just read the manga... They're way hotter in there and the story has more substance.. . They skipped over stuff in the animation that could have made it more enjoyable. Like... unnecessarily skipped stuff too. It's such a shame because they were in such a rush to get to the smut when adding the elements they left out wouldn't have prolonged it by too much. All the things that accurately convey emotion and set the tone/mood of the storyline were sacrificed only for it to end up being less than mediocre. They truly fucked it in the ass on this one, in a bad way.
Let's be honest, everyone went to Liar, liar knowing what they would get. Waifu bait, some ecchi, the mlg edited trailer with air horn sfx, mind games. I started watching this show with anticipation to get entertainingly trashy show, but it turns out to be extremely boring inferior version of The classroom of the elite.. . The main character arrives at Island as a new student. Then, he stumbles upon the granddaughter of the director of the school he attends. Later, they decide to conduct a battle between each other and mc accidentally beats her. But he was a complete washout, and so as to save the ...
I gave this an try, because I watched Love Hina, Green Green, and a few others back in the day and kind of enjoyed them at the time. After being disappointed I tried to watch them again, and got the cringies at my old tastes. So what I would say, right away you will know if this is your type of show, and you may find it funny or enjoyable. Keep in mind what I learned, Love Hina was a long time ago so your tastes may have changed.. Story was what you would expect, the art was good, colorful and easy on the eyes, ...
I wanted to like this anime. It looked pretty interesting at first, but instead it did the exact opposite of interesting me and put me to sleep.. . . Story - 4. . The story was honestly pretty interesting at first. You have this girl Honoka who travels around a desert in some kind of tank. She meets a bunch of people along this journey and also happens to possess a third eye. Only problem is that the story goes absolutely nowhere for what is probably half of the series.. . Almost every episode is some boring dialogue nobody wants to hear, or a basic fight with no build up or hype.. I ...
This review may come across as blunt, but it's important to address a rather unsettling aspect of this particular anime. It ventures into a somewhat questionable territory with its voyeuristic portrayal of high-school students and their revealing outfits. Speaking as someone who has predominantly indulged in anime that aligns with broader audience tastes, I found this show disappointing.. . There exists a fine line between pushing boundaries in with the animation and storytelling and delving into unsettling, uncomfortable territory (sexualisation, weird crotch-shots of the female students), and I believe this anime falls into the latter category. If you are genuinely enjoying this series without irony, I would ...
This anime is incredibly awful. Characters are non-existent. Story makes zero sense. This is main hero D riding distilled to its pure form. There is absolutely no reason to watch this. If you do, then you'll forget about this waste of human labor in a month at most.. . The first season had some actually funny moments at the start, considering how ridiculous it was in handling literally everything, to the point that it made me think it's a parody. And then somewhere around ep 4, I realized it's actually taking itself seriously. This is when I knew that humanity is doomed. I have no idea how ...
So… I kind of knew during season 1 that this show was bound to be a flash in the pan. It’s the kind of show that survives on power fantasy as a way to both hook and maintain an audience, and I thought it worked pretty well S1. The humor was pretty solid, especially when it came to reactions to our lead character Anos Voldigoad. But the cracks were starting to show even then as the opponents ramped up and absurd abilities became increasingly more absurd. That’s kind of the point, but there’s only so far you can take it before it all starts to ...
Horimiya is very weird because when you look at it from afar it looks like a shoujo, when you read the synopsis it is literally the same as a generic shoujo, but when you see where it was published it is in a shonen magazine, and I know Horimiya isn't the only example that can be said that it looks for a different demographic than what it actually is, but really, Horimiya is like a very watered down version of Kareshi Kanojo no Jijou.. . The problem with Horimiya is obviously how the premise is good, but it doesn't know how to work it out due to ...
When I saw the tags mecha and parody, I expected something along the lines of Darling in the Franxx. But nope, the most mecha parts of the anime are the TV heads and the bike.. . FLCL: Grunge is the fourth season in the FLCL series, pronounced "fooly cooly" (if you don't already feel stupid saying it, you'll feel stupid watching it). I tend to jump into seasonals, so I didn’t realize it was part of a larger series until a few minutes into the first episode, when I had no idea what was going on. The episodes are titled after the main trio of friends: Shinpachi, ...
Wow, a few years too late but we got the continuation of Horimiya. Well, calling it a continuation may be a bit of a stretch. We have more of the character and the same title name, but I have no clue why this is called Horimya. Well, let me make a bit of a list to make it easier for everyone.. -Romance. It is dead. I think nobody forgot that the culmination of romance was in the main story and the episodes after that were just some kind of fillers that missed their train and came after the show had ended. And now we have an ...
Me in Summer 2020: Maou Gakuin's a fire show, with the gigachad of Anos VoldiGOAT, he's rocking asses with a harem and a fan club that adores everything about him, and he respects everyone to the max!. . Me in Summer 2023: Maou Gakuin's a disaster show, yikes. Aniplex's continued mismanagement of COVID, which saw this show (and Ayakashi Triangle) infamously delayed by almost half a year, and the worst offender of all: VA Tatsuhisa Suzuki's BIGGEST scandal of his life being ousted from the AniManga scene altogether, replaced by Yuichiro Umehara as the gigachad's new VA...that doesn't sound quite right.. . Back in Summer 2020, when the anime ...
I've never seen the first series before this one, The only thing I can think of is that this anime was quite popular in its time, yes, I know that very well because I have also heard that the name is quite popular, Samurai X.. The first episode seemed ordinary, there was nothing special in my opinion, nothing interesting, I tried watching the next episode but it was still the same. I was hoping that the fight scenes might be something I would like, but it's still the same, In essence, there is nothing that moves my heart to like this anime, not at all.. . Apart ...
An Isekai where a dungeon drops things like weapons and groceries that's exclusive, how neat, but being OP while being stuck at Level 1, it's not.. . For time millennia, on and off, Isekai stories have all been the same copy-pasted blurb that doesn't distinguish one from the rest, and there's really no point on the discussion that every new Isekai from progressing anime seasons will ever be any better, at the very least to stand out. It's the same affair with novelist Nazuna Miki, whom in his run has created at least a new work every other year since 2013, creating mediocre works that are more ...
For the first episode I watched it with full hope that it would be good, but after I noticed it was getting boring, Remembering too much about what MC has done in the past, keeps crying because he regrets what he did.. Remembering too much about the storyline in the game, if it will be like this, or will be like that, every action always brings up past memories in the game, and this applies to episode 1, it's very, very boring.. . For episode 2, the storyline has been replaced with a small child who was supposed to be a slave in MC's past. Episode 3 ...
The storyline is boring, from the start it's not interesting, Introducing yourself to the audience takes too long, and the scene at the beginning is repeated again.. Boring story, every episode there is always a problem, and the same thing keeps repeating itself, namely going to the past and changing it, The only difference is the client and the process, but the essence is still the same, boring!. . The initial prologue is also very annoying! Why does every episode always introduce the same thing? Even though just 1 or 2 time is not a problem, But all the episodes are filled with the same introduction, I'm sick ...
I gave it lot's of time to get good, just in case, and it never did. Heavy like pop music, dark like white paint.. . Do you like metal? Do you like dark fantasy? You probably won't like this.. Do you like being pandered to? Do you enjoy every line of dialogue being exposition? Are you pretty dumb and easy to manipulate?. This might be for you.. It's all so forced. The dialogue, the action, the "ecchi", the names, everything is trying so hard to be cool and edgy. This is the "hello follow kids" of anime.. Metal heads can smell a try hard poser from a mile away, and this ...
Only for fans of Asemu Arc from the original show. The first episode of the OVA isn't so bad (feels like a retelling almost), but the second episode carried expectations that Zehearts character would be expanded upon beyond the unsatisfactory development he had in the original show. That is unfortunately not the case, as they simple double down by showing more scenes that affirm that he is a stupid character, and basically ignore the actual plot ofnl the show to just show him moping on the mothership.. . I can't recommend this to people who haven't seen AGE, as it (especially in episode 2) expects you to ...
Look, I don’t think this season is terrible, if you like it, you do you. What I do think however, is that this season is a tremendous letdown when compared to the first. That is also why this review is marked as [Not Recommended], not because this show is garbage, but just because I wouldn’t recommend it to people who liked season 1, like myself.. . Let’s get the good stuff out of the way. The animation is just as good as it was in season 1, the same goes for the direction and music, though there are fewer memorable tracks this time. Voice acting is as ...
A dudebro anime, that's Oshi no ko. No depth, no premise, just a bunch of bug eyed teenage girls with no personality.. . Though the first episode was interesting, the rest was a free fall to garbage land. We were promised a story of revenge, a chase to uncover the truth, but all we got instead was superficial teenage melodrama. No offense to anyone who enjoys that, however it is decidedly not my cup of tea.. . The characters were super boring. Noting but generic and cliche sob stories narrated again and again with the hope that repetition would make them sympathetic.. . Not worth watching, I'd like ...
MC is reincarnated as a healer in a world where healers seem to exploit others for their services. Just think of it as American health care meme, but in a middle ages fantasy setting.. . We all know how this goes. MC is "nice" and doesn't want to let people die as a healer etc.. But what really surprised me was the story and pacing.. . Positives. 1. Actually hard working MC: Isekai garbage usually either grant OP cheat powers or just show a montage of hard working MC in the first few episodes before making him OP. But this is the first series where he actually IS weak. ...
Anime with likeable characters that suffers greatly from unsatisfactory ending and pretty much a nonexistent/boring plot.. . This anime centers around a fairly well written and competent protagonist. A protagonist who finally gives into his rejection and decides to put his efforts towards other things. He essentially betters himself and in this regard has a great deal of character development. Is it character development, or rather depression or feelings of dejection that make him the 'realist' he now is. However, I feel the english title "The dreaming boy is a realist" is kind of a stupid one. If that was ...
I watched this without knowing anything about the games and was ultimately disappointed. Someone who loves the games might love this show.. . I expected 26 episodes to be epic but every arc felt the same, war. There are machinations and the theme of endless conflict does have it's purpose in the shows direction. However, I got board with every arc being about war and feel the show could have accomplished the same in fewer episodes. And, maybe that was the goal, to tire out the viewer in the way war would wear on those impacted by it. The show often feels like a fantasy period ...
All of review paragraph included only what's present in Anime but not compared to Light Novel.. . The Animation and storytelling, Character art shines in focused scenes, exuding a sense of cuteness, but otherwise maintains an average quality with occasional flaws. The color grading suits the theme well, but the animation as a whole remains rather lackluster, with some scenes feeling sluggish.. . The story, unfortunately, they're lacking the depth and engagement one might hope for. Missed many important part and connection between the plots. Many scene doesn't make sense. Pacing is inconsistent with moments of slow progression and rushed sequences that disrupt the narrative flow. Themes and ...
Its a simple show. At around age 6, MC gets her memories from past life and realizes that she is a villain princess who will bring this country to ruin (does lots of evil stuff in the process). And she wants to somehow try to save her kingdom from herself.. . It does resemble bakarina in regards to villainess + harem + not realizing that everyone loves her + saving the love interests etc.. But this show is much darker with basically no comedy/romance.. . Right now, we are still in the harem gathering phase. It basically loops through a plot that roughly goes --> "introduce sad ...
Just looking at the name of the anime you should know what you're getting into. I thought, "Murder Princess is one of the most on the nose and cheesiest names for any anime I've ever seen and it's only six episodes, so it can't be THAT bad. There should at least some entertainment value here." This has to be some of the most boring and soulless 2 hours of my life. This anime was so boring that I couldn't even watch it all in one sitting which is really saying something for the minimal content present.. . The anime starts with a bounty hunter searching for her ...
This is very cheap and awful production it is a disrespect of the manga level of art. If they made it with the same anime tech that they used in the 90s version it will be 1000000x better. I dont know who did made the decision but it should be considered one of the biggest mistake of anime adaption i really hope that another company take the story and make another anime, or just listen to the fans and take their opinions into consideration, but on second thought if they really care about the fans they woul have never made it that way. I gurrantee ...
This anime had me intrigued from the start, but as the episodes rolled on, my initial excitement turned into disappointment. I kept hoping for a deeper storyline to emerge, but alas, it remained a series primarily focused on relentless, often bewildering fights.. . One of the main issues I encountered with this season was the lack of a cohesive narrative. While the previous seasons had some semblance of plot and character development, this instalment seemed to abandon that entirely. The show came across as a collection of random battles strung together with minimal context, leaving me longing for more substance.. . Character development, a crucial element in any story-driven ...
In a sea of anime where Isekai is the most prevalent genre, stories need a hook to get their audience interested. What better way to garner interest than having an absurd story premise? However, Reincarnated as a Vending Machine isn't the first to have a protagonist turned into a non-human entity. There's been a gimmick for many different animals and objects over the years including a spider, sword, pig, slime, and even a magical girl's wand. This brings with it a dilemma on how our protagonist interacts and adapts to a world, with the challenges of not being humanoid.. . Isekai has the potential to create ...
An interesting core concept of an immortal-oni crime busting duo pales quickly when the author decides to go the route of 'let's see how many public domain fictional characters (and some historical ones) we can shove into a gothic mystery show', and of course Sherlock Holmes is there, and of course the author feels the need to show how awesome and better than sherlock holmes his original character is.. . This show has become embarrasing at this point, what could have been a really cool concept with, by the way, some REALLY good animation, artsy design, and excellent (initial) atmosphere, is dragged down onto the level of ...
After watching season 1 for the second time I was still chasing the high that psychopass' amazing writing, philosophy, and reaching mysteries provided me with. I hadn't exactly heard great things about season 2 but I was willing to give it a chance simply because I'm a fan of the franchise, wow was this a mistake. Everything is bad, the new characters, the lack of the mc from season 1, the writing, the plot, everything falls short.. . I found myself constantly confused and irritated with the choices of the characters and the non-sensical things they would do and say. It seems as though the methodical and ...
Do you know that animation, as a medium, has reached a point where its maturity and ability to discuss important, relevant issues and to inspire people in their daily life is equal if not greater than live-action movies and series? Kanashimi No Belladonna, the Satoshi Kon trilogy of Perfect Blue, Paprika and Millennium Actress (trilogy made by the same company who did this, of all things), Sailor Moon, Cowboy Bepop, Ideon etc. etc. etc. all helped to push the medium out of the sole children's reach (I mean it with no offense for children, who are everything other than stupid) and they're far more relevant ...
Typical slice of life office romance but something is missing. The lead male is just there to do whatever the female lead wants without any motive. He doesn't seem to want to get to know her, he's just happy that she is cute which makes it super bland. There is nothing notable or interesting about him or her, besides her ginormous breast. I don't feel at all invested in weather they hookup for not. There is no emotional attachment to any of the characters. They all just show up to work and don't seem to have any solid backstories or motives to push ...
what a disappointment.. . from the first season and first half of this 2nd season you might think that the anime will end up in some grand scale something, like maybe similar to code geass, but they are nothing alike. the main characters are small timers, nothing grand about them. it's like the creator had an idea about their characters, it had great unique premises, then they all fall flat because this creator couldn't imagine them improving their personality or goals/choices or just even keep them steady. he simply just couldn't imagine how they could end up in the end.. . so the anime is full of character ...
Trashy and cheap anime, each case is poor, the evidences the girl sees are not shown for a viewer, so you cannot play along. Characters stories are not built well, just random OH AH things thrown, thus you don't feel attached. The general idea is nothing new, just another "revenge" thing with not much emotions. Animation is good, but not the main girl's face whish is terribly plastic.. After I've seen some reviews I feel like I'm watching a different anime. I wouldn't suggest this anime to any person.. . I've seen other anime with geniuses, it was much well rounded, you could feel how hard they needa ...
LIMP. . . WAITING FOR THE CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT THAT NEVER COMES. like Soooooo many tittles.. it starts promising , we have hope and then it turn into a glass of warm urine.. . MC dies whilst working for and explotitive company .. only to die and volunteer to do the same thin a new life. he sleeps, works and drinks the toilet water . The drug his boss gives him cause ED. he find a out in ep.10 . He apologies all the time, even after getting stabbed . Seriously, what the hell is up with these writer.. . he isnt able to progress any relationships, his only ...
I will get straight to the point. This is very much like any of your average Isekai, but with the hook that our MC is an OP vending machine.. . At first, it did seem interesting because how does a vending machine do *anything*? Well, that is simply solved by giving our MC all the usual benefits of an isekai world.. 1. He can turn into different kinds of vending machines by unlocking them. He can sell food, drinks, magazines, dry ice (frozen carbon dioxide), oxygen supply, water, petrol, AED, masks and the list goes on. we are really exploiting the vending machine hook to its ...
This anime suffers from trying to draw things out too much. You sit and wait for the thing which you know is going to happen for 6 episodes only to NOT have it happen - WAIT TILL S3 - and stay interested is the money-grubber's plan.. . The premise, the enemies, the relationships, etc. have stayed ENTIRELY the same since ep1s1. If you threw in some kind of new info that changed things, or additional chars that actually added something you didn't know then you could justify the lagging story. Sad truth is, though, the entire story is just a tease. It is setting up a ...
And so, another season has ended. Is it good, did it fix the mistakes of the previous one? Of course not, “if it’s not broken - don’t fix it” as they say, eh? As I did for the previous season, let me tell you where this one falls flat.. First things first I’ll mention that flashbacks take much less time in this season and they are mostly fine. However I still don’t get why giving us flashbacks of the events that happened 5 minutes ago is considered a good idea. Thank you, but I don’t have issues with memory.. But if you thought that there would ...
Girl, DTMFA and find someone better - he's either got diagnosable intimacy/social anxiety issues you can't help him with or is just asexual. Either way you can do better and find someone who will fulfill you romantically and sexually and who you will not have to mother as a way of gaining any sort of attention or intimacy.. . People praise this for featuring adults, these are not adults. They act like platonic friends and not even particularly close ones. In any other romcom the main guy would be the villain, the romantically useless boring guy the main character realises she needs to dump because he ...
I cringe at your general direction.. Another overpowered MC, futile struggles, predictable sideplots.. Cringe dialogues..... It feels like every fight is a joke, at least make characters quarrel with themselves and not make it all about the MC.. It feels like 80% fan service, and not the good kind either, it's just there because there's nothing else attractive about the plot (is there even a plot?).. Why am I still watching this? Just to get to 12 and set it as complete?. . The art style is alright though, it feel like the writers did poor job making dialogues and stories that are compelling.
"I'm going to be the King of the Pirates and find the One Piece!" -Monkey D. Luffy..... *goes on to never actually TRY to find the One Piece, and instead parties and goofs off in every arc possible. In fact, the only person in the crew searching for the literal title of the show is Nico Robin (best girl by the way).*. . Like many shows, One Piece has its good qualities and its bad ones...unfortunately, the bad qualities of this show heavily outweigh the good ones in my personal experience. Let's talk about the good qualities first:. . WorldBuilding (great):. One Piece has one of the most intrisic worlds ...
The first episode was presented with scenes that were difficult to understand, is this the past? Or for a preview of the future? And this makes me not really like it because it shown the climax. Despite all that it turns out it was just a mere dream of the main character, boring.. . That's the first thing I don't like about this anime, which already presents the MC's dream to the audience at the very beginning, another thing is the many Flashbacks of the MC's past, not only dreams but when he wakes up he is still replaying his past.. . In my opinion, the main character here ...
This is not a good anime. The protagonist is repulsive. The writing is bad. The only thing saving this from a 1/10 is the animation. The main character is absolutely unlikable. There isn't a single saving grace with him. You're spending the entire time watching for the story around him. I didn't read the manga, but unless it is meant to be a meme, it's truly a bad series. I've seen some real stinkers over my years of watching anime. From slice of life to Isekai to Sports. This is one of the very few that left me with such a bad taste in my ...
one of the biggest pieces of dog shit Japan has ever created.. Japanese imperial propaganda in modern times and the weebs who like this are the biggest reason for the decline of the West.. There is nothing worse for an artistic work than to serve solely as propaganda for a long-lost revanchist cause.. The story is simply built so that the Japanese win all their fights like a child playing with their action figures without the depth and reflection that a story like this (that of altering the past so that your side wins) needs.. Historical figures are unidimensionally bad if they are against Japan and unidimensionally good if ...
A Gundam for Completionists. . The show is not very good and barely ties into the grand narrative of UC (unless you end up reading Crossbone). To keep it simple, I would only recommend this to people who are all in on Gundam.. . The animation is inconsistent, and the plot has no idea where it's going, it just knows that it wants to talk about the weakness of women and their power over men.. . There are positives though, the show starts off very interesting, and has some unique mobile suit designs. Uso is also a very cool Mc who has to struggle with a lot of things despite ...
The reason I chose to watch Yumemiru is because Sajo got rejected, and he finally realized that he needed to move on. This kinda resonated with me since just a few months ago I got rejected (by a Japanese girl). I may be a weeb and all, but I felt like I had a chance since she was so nice to me, and we even shared a common passion for music. But oh well, as Hachiman said, "I hate nice girls", they don't do nice things because they like you. OK, OK, back to the review.. . Well, I kept my expectations low, and it's as ...
Videogame-to-anime adaptations are always kind of iffy. They can range from a fun and action-packed ride (like Akiba's Trip: The Animation) to a forgettable piece of mediocrity (like Stand My Heroes: Piece of Truth). And horror anime, well, they're even more iffy. So when you set out to make a horror anime based on a videogame, the odds are already stacked against you. Those of you reading those of you reading this review have probably also noticed the rather small episode count this show has, even though the game it is supposedly adapting takes hours upon hours to complete, and has multiple well-crafted endings. All ...
I watched Itsudatte Bokura no Koi wa 10 cm Datta, also known as "Our Love Has Always Been 10 Centimeters Apart." Here are my thoughts:. . This is just a 6-episode anime, so I'll try to be brief. Although you can watch this show on its own with ease, it is sort of a sequel. There is a sorta-prequel movie with the same cast, but the MCs from this anime are minor supporting characters instead (and vice versa for this anime – the movie MCs are supporting characters). The sorta-prequel movie I'm referring to is Zutto Mae Kara Suki Deshita; I didn't particularly like it (for pretty ...
I watched both seasons (including OVAs) of Boku wa Tomodachi ga Sukunai, also known as Haganai or I Don't Have Many Friends. Here are my thoughts:. . I tend not to like harem shows such as this with a male protagonist and a lot of (typically unfunny) comedy. Nevertheless, I decided to give this anime a chance. The title is certainly enticing and relatable.. . I really liked the voice acting for Sena, Yozora, and Kobato; everyone else is unremarkable. The OST is bad, in my opinion.. . The humour is sometimes funny. The comedic theme of social ineptitude is a winner. There is also a lot of 'otaku humour' which ...
This show is so cringe. Yet another series where the show tries to act edgy and then becomes the most generic crime/mystery/thriller. What did I expect from the same author as Durarara? Terrible CGI that litters the scene, blatant fanservice to bait the viewers in, and a reverse-isekai protagonist that somehow goes absolutely nowhere, this show has nothing of value.. . Somehow, I'm supposed to care about a "converging storylines" plot revolving around the most revoltingly cringeworthy characters in the world. Let's not just talk about Polka himself, but the other characters. Everyone is a scumbag. Look no further than the criminal broker, Kuraki. She gives ...
Having played and loved the games, the Ryza series would make a fantastic anime in theory, so I had high hopes for this. Unfortunately it failed to deliver, and not even Ryza's glorious thighs could save it.. . Things started strong with a 40-minute premiere episode that captured the warm, summery spirit of the games perfectly. The story goes stagnant soon after, though, with each episode feeling identical to the last. There was very little plot despite the plot-rich source material, making each episode feel like a wasted opportunity. Everything just felt hollow and repetitive, and I quickly found myself tuning in to each episode thinking "This ...
This man Masamune is a walking contradiction, holy sh8t, don't recommend for people who hate idiots, similar to the guy from Fuuka.. He became a woss and a pssy from the first season for some reason, and didn't know what he was doing with his life midway through this anime.. . this is so far my 2nd least liked anime of all time, the story and his character development basically made absolutely no sense. . . . Is the story unique? If it was predictable, did you enjoy it anyway because you like this genre/set-up? no. Do you think the art style is fitting for the story? idk. Were the characters well-rounded? Did they ...
This feels like a story written by someone who watched Bunny Girl Senpai or another show about introspection on the teenage experience, and went "I want to write something like that" ...except they had nothing to say and no ability to tell it well. From beginning to end this show is a miserable slog, with characters barely alive enough to have a pulse, miserably bland situational writing, and dialogue so bad that I began to wonder when the last time was the author has left his house and spoken to another living human. On top of that the designs are incredibly forgettable, the animation is ...
The art is OK, the songs too, but the story is very bad.. After watch 12 eps, it make me mix feeling .... The characters react to situations and events in a unrealistic way. Background effect is very simple ... it not good as well as other ROM-COM anime. Therefore i'm not recommend to watch this anime.. . Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. In ...
The anime has a very classic isekai theme. But this is the first time I've seen an anime that handled this theme so badly. Why is the main character an automaton? Couldn't find anything else to transform the character?. The art style and drawings are very good and fit the theme.. It's annoying that Lammis is so stupid. And the idea of making a character out of a bear is not original at all.. Even if you like isekai anime, I don't think you should give it a chance. The only reason is the main character. I seriously know very few anime with such bad characters.
After an amazing season 1, I was at first excited to see this, but was very disappointed. Then I forced myself to watch it, hoping it would get good again, but without much luck. To understand my disappointment, I should review what made the first season so great. We had two interesting and pretty characters thrown into the action, with lots of beautiful martial arts choreography. You had masters fending off dozens of attackers in crowded restaurants in Hong Kong action flick style mayhem. And Feng Ling'er and Bai Yuxiu were super cute together. Well, S2 pretty much throws away all of that.. . The main problem ...
“Peach Boy Riverside” is what happens when You have a cool premise and still manage to turn it into a boring slog of a show.. . One day a princess meets a feminine boy travelling through the land. Being confined to her own kingdom she yearns to hear stories about the outside world. Before that could happen she witnesses as the delicate boy slaughters, with visible pleasure a squad of oni - powerful creatures bent on killing humans.. “Inspired”, if You can really call it that, by the encounter she decides to go on a journey to learn about the outside world. In the beginning her journey doesn’t ...
5/10. In short:. Good setup ticked all the boxes that is need to be ticked for a decent psyhological romcom, could have been good i feel like if care was put into it. ChatGPT dialogue, weird animation, convoluted and compliacted characters. Story lines start up and go nowhere, bad message story-wise. I mostly watched it because tsundere interactions. Its mostly about a tsundere having stockholm syndrome towards her ex-simp.. . In long:. The story's key points can be summarized in the initial episodes where the two main characters, or MCs, first interact. During this time, the girl begins to experience feelings of loneliness and sadness as the boy ...
I watched this completely blind with no knowledge of Redline or really anything about it. This anime frustrates me because while alot of aspects aren't that great, it is *just* slightly away from being 'so bad it's good', ending up in this weird void between 'What the hell did I just watch?' and 'What the hell was the point?'. . I really struggled to find any cohesive story or plot while watching, it's a complete mess of criss-crossing plotlines that just don't go anywhere or feel at all compelling. I can acknowledge that OVAs often have to cut back plot but this one just spews lore at ...
This anime wasted my time, therefore I shall leave this review as a warning sign for anyone stumbled upon this anime and being fooled into thinking this is a great one ( I just don't understand how people view this as good, its actually mind-boggling. ). . Story : 4/10. Premise was good. You got your organization cliche set up, harem cliche, power-fantasy cliche, one-punch man level of power, mind you. There's a problem. The MC can't decide whether it wants to be the strongest being, or the weakest being. It continues bouncing back and forth between him wanting to act weak, but actually hiding his strength, all ...
Ah, the ominous name "Yoda," a foreboding prelude to any anime adventure.. . My sentiments toward the surge in popularity of reincarnation-themed anime echo the disappointment akin to stumbling upon a malfunctioning vending machine—perplexing, to say the least.. . This particular offering, regrettably, does little to defy the trend. Reborn into a world revolving around dungeon raids for sustenance and equipment, the premise teeters on mundane.. . Our main character, constrained by an inability to level up but bestowed with an 'S' grade drop stat, navigates a path to OP-ness through the discovery of seeds boosting his prowess.. . Amassing a harem of rather unexceptional characters smitten with him, the protagonist exhibits a ...
What kind of boring anime is this? Even though episode 1 was quite interesting, episode 2 was filled with long explanations which confused the audience.. the MC's arrival was also unclear, he just wanted to meet someone, he might get lost in an academy he didn't know about, Is it true that there are people who want to go to school, but don't know what kind of school it is? and this is the same as the MC in this anime.. . Not similar to NGNL? (No Game No Life) is clearly very different, every game is rubbish and there are Talk too much , it's ...
I really feel like my taste in romance animes differ from most. Because here I am with a super low score for an anime that should seriously be right up my alley.. . So…Horimiya: The Missing Pieces. A sequel to the ever so popular Horimiya that consists of side stories that weren't animated in the original series and probably the most anticipated romcom for the Summer 2023 season.. . I don't mean to be a buzzkill but…whyyyyy????. . I'm sorry but if you're a die hard fan of Horimiya then plz don't read this review because all it's going to consist of is my reasons as to why the show ...
Right off the bat, the animation is pretty crisp. Nothing to blow you away, but it's not bad.. . The character design, however, felt incredibly boring. All of the characters either look cliché, boring, or just plain silly. The MC doesn't need to dress like a comic book super-hero, considering that they're simply a ninja that exorcises spirits. Not only that, but the evil spirits weren't much to bring excitement. I get it, they're classic Japanese folklore, so considering that, they did well with the monster design, making traditional demons look pretty cool, but the over-all premise of them is really nothing original.. . If you're simply into ...
I'll get the good stuff out of the way first since it won't take long. This was probably the best use of 3D CGI I've seen in an anime to date and I hope more studios use this as reference on how to improve (although 2D will still be better and preferred every time.) Now the bad stuff is basically the rest of the anything to do with this. I feel like if I hadn't watched the original Trigun beforehand I would've liked this a bit more, although still not very much. It just felt like they took all the main points from the original ...
So we all know NO GAME NO LIFE did best 8 years ago. HOWEVER they can still fuck it up when it comes to the same story.. . This one is just something that LOOKS like trying to be NGNL2nd but failed in the end. They surly can make all the other thing all the same. Background story, charactors, even rules of the games. BUT you have to try to make the actual game part FUN. There should be so many Foreshadowing and then the charactors uncover them step by step. If there is no cover from the begining then it will be meaningless and NAIVE.. . But hey, ...
I never liked battle academies. But, ever since the isekai infestation, where even conventional fantasy shows have been morphed into the same soulless formulaic isekai template shows, I've longed for a return to simpler times where at least what your MC did had meaning. Unfortunately in my search for a good comfort food battle academy, I stumbled upon Liar Liar, with its dazzling opening and interesting premise and first episode. I strapped in, and as the weeks went on, I understood why the genre died out.. . Liar Liar commits the biggest sin in any visual medium. It's boring. Really boring. No one is going to care ...
Pure Trash. One of the worst MC. Worst Character designs. Trash Storytelling. ---------------------------------------. 1. The story is trash and I didn't enjoy it because the MC & characters are trash.. 2. The art style and animation is trash.. 3. Boruto is stupid and always complains to others about this and that. Boruto = annoying trash. 4. The other character like Naruto is useless.. 5. I recommend others to not watch this sh!t! because this sh!t is useless and don't waste your time on this.. ...
"It’s not that hard to write a sequel, expand on characters and story in meaningful ways, and try to make it as good or better than the original. For most people, the standard was the original Deen anime from 2006-2007, and for a sequel to not even begin to reach the quality of that, let alone the original VN, is… well… maybe it just shouldn’t have been made in the first place.. . Gou is unique in that, if you’ve consumed any Higurashi content before it, it will actively hinder your experience while watching it. Yes, you will have a worse time watching a sequel if you've ...
When this was airing, I heard quite a bit about how this was among the better anime of that year, and that perception persisted over subsequent years. I added it to my ptw list rather recently, particularly as I’ve become more interested in crime thrillers like Akiba Maid War and Black Lagoon. Not everything has been a hit - Baccano!’s non-linear storytelling got in the way of my enjoying the narrative, and Rainbow included an unfortunate amount of gratuitous sexual abuse - but that hasn’t put me off of it yet.. . This series unfortunately trends toward the Rainbow side of things. Don’t get me wrong, it’s ...
Overall it's not a bad story even though it's as typical as issekai can get. So why is it then that I don't recommend it? Because it doesn't do anything... literally. During these episodes we've been told and prepared for big payoff which never ends up happening and we never get any conclusions. During the world building part we get to see all the typical oooh and aaaahs issekai loves to throw but they amount to nothing. Literally nothing. I can only assume end goal writers had in mind was some sort of romance ending but it feels very empty and pointless.. . Character development is just ...
I detest this series with a passion. What I hate more than this series though, is myself. I forced myself to watch the entirety of this series because I hate to drop shows once I start it, so I grinded it to the end knowing I didn't like it.. . Probably the BEST thing I can say about this show is that it's conventionally different from the norm of romance anime. It's not a bunch of quirky high school kids who take an entire season to hold hands or any of that slow-paced garbage you expect of a romance anime. The pacing of the characters falling for ...
I watched No Game No Life: Zero. This is the movie sequel to the TV series No Game No Life (henceforth NGNL). Here are my thoughts:. . This review will specifically discuss the NGNL: Zero movie, not the franchise as a whole.. . First of all, it's been years since I saw the TV anime. I liked it a lot though and rated it 9/10. I really really liked the art style and colour palette, and overall found it a very fun and entertaining show. Much of this review will focus on how the movie compares to the TV series, since that is the benchmark of my expectations. ...
I watched Yojouhan Shinwa Taikei (including the specials), also known as The Tatami Galaxy. Here are my thoughts:. . Once I realized that the MC was a self-pitying young man who was envious of his peers and pining for romantic affection, I knew I was going to have a bad time. Seriously, I can't stand this kind of character. If you find this garbage relatable then you need to take a serious look at what kind of person you are.. . The two central characters (MC and Ozu) are pieces of shit, and the story consists of them acting like pieces of shit but with some time-loop stuff ...
I watched Demi-chan wa Kataritai (not including the ONA), also known as Interviews with Monsters Girls. Here are my thoughts:. . This is literally just a typical school SoL show but with a (mostly inconsequential) monstergirl gimmick. That's it. The show doesn't excel at much, and it's not particularly unique or creative. It is watchable though, marginally.. . Aside from the novelty of "demi-humans," the characters are pretty bland as a whole. Although, the vampire girl is a good character; she has a playful personality. I enjoyed her presence in the show. However, the rest of the cast is fairly bland. I would say that characterization is one ...
"One Piece" is notorious for its numerous filler episodes and arcs, which often sidetrack from the main narrative. While fillers can sometimes provide a pleasant break from the main storyline, the sheer quantity in "One Piece" can leave viewers feeling disconnected from the core plot. These fillers, while they may be entertaining in their own right, contribute to the sense of the anime being overly drawn-out.. . Furthermore, some of the battles, while epic in scale, can feel excessively protracted, with characters engaging in lengthy dialogues and inner monologues mid-fight. This slows down the action and can make it challenging to maintain engagement.. . It's essential to acknowledge that ...
Liar Liar basically has no redeeming qualities. If you're looking for a well-written show centering around epic mind battles where the protagonist is constantly outwitting their opponents, then avoid Liar Liar because none of that is present here.. . Liar Liar centers around "games" that characters have to play and win to gain stars and level up. Pretty standard stuff, right? Well, it's actually not because the games are so hilariously convoluted and over-complicated, while at the same time being so simple that if you think about how they would play out for five seconds, you would realize that the game doesn't work on a fundamental level. ...
This is one of the most boring anime I have seen. I cannot fathom how they managed to continue.. . The art style is standard and nothing unique about it. The characters are uninteresting, the plot is rather simple at times and dull at others. Compared to Saint Cecilia anime, Saint Cecilia is more interesting.. . The words dull, boring, bland, uninteresting, torture, miserable, and lame all come to mind as I flick through the episodes. There is not much to say other than that I can't recommend it.. . I certainly want to throw this in the bin as quickly as possible.
I seriously cannot recommend this anime. It fails in story-telling.. . The anime certainly does fine in the art department and combat. But, the biggest problem is the extreme fast-paced approach in storytelling throughout the two seasons, especially the second.. . If you have not read the light novel, you cannot follow the story line. Perhaps you can do well in this respect in the first season, but in the second season, this is not possible.. . The second season drops in multiple characters on the get-go as if the viewers know and understand them. There's no introduction, most do not have a backstory given. The story progresses so fast that ...
Liar liar was like someone spitting in your face. If you are a fan of the gamble/game genre and kindly decide to give an oportunity to this anime, you Will only get a big deception. This anime was so generic, predictable and lacking of emotion and intrigue that instead of a good anime to watch, this Is a masterclass of how do not write and script or background for your characters.. . Starting from the beggining, you maybe get caught for the well developed system of game and star ranking that this school has. You can see the potential and imagine in how many ways this system ...
One of the worst shows I’ve seen this year. Liar Liar started as a somewhat overdone premise of a school that bases your rank on the games you play with a twist of the main character lying about being the highest rank at the school. The anime could have gone in many different directions but decided to go in the most bland, generic, and uninteresting route possible.. . The plot revolves around the main character playing games and trying to keep his real rank hidden since his lie will be caught if he loses one game. These games don’t mean anything at all. It devolves after 3 ...
Bakumatsu Crisis is the second season of Bakumatsu and... It is the crisis, indeed.. . Season 1 was okay in my eyes, so why not a second... But it's rubbish. From the start, I knew it was screwed. They don't know where to go, the story becomes a little ridiculous.. . Honestly, despite the flaws of the first season, I would have accepted the same quality for this one, but it's very very confusing, and if the first season was a flower that we stopped watering after a week, This one is a flower that decided to rot from the second day.. . Really disappointing and useless. I still rate it ...
At first, I was expecting another genre given the synopsis, but I don't mind the comedy, on the contrary. So I went in without much expectation, and I was still disappointed. Everything becomes confusing from the first episode.. . And I've been confused in the past by some anime, but for this one, I didn't even want to understand, that's the feeling I felt from the start. Maybe it's my fault, who knows.. . The characters are ok, but they don't stand out in my opinion, which is really important in an anime for me.. . The storyline makes no sense which is neither interesting nor funny to me. I haven't ...
Art: 5. Animation: 3. Music (Background Tracks): 4. Plot: 2. . Characters and backgrounds were given a surprising amount of detail to their designs.. . The animation felt stiff and lacked motion.. . None of the music tracks used in the show were particularly impressive nor offensive. Maya's theme sounds more like a rift of a few notes than an actual track.. ...
This is one of the most dull, abysmal shows that got adapted this year so far.. The story is simple and straight forward in terms of writing however the atrocious pacing, unlikable characters and animation leaves nothing to be desired.. . The games always have the same structure, knowing Hiroto is the strongest student on the island, others challenge him to take away his status. Using any bullshit ability and granted help by a maid Himeji and a computer hacker that control results. Making him invincible.. You don't feel any real stakes that challenges the MC that much, games structures are confusing in some parts whilst overall not ...
They said school will teach you about sex, but this is just ridiculous! *Canned Laughter*. Jokes aside, I wouldn't recommend people watch this; the guys in the class tend to overpower the girls and ignore how they want to be treated, which is an awful thing that's even worse when the teacher is right there and does nothing about it. Doubly so with how there's only a male teacher and no female counterpart in sight. I get that it's 'hentai logic' or whatever, but if the point of this is to educate about sex, then maybe have the characters respect the fact that no means no.. Because ...
The anime's premise is interesting, but it quickly becomes repetitive. Seiya's over-cautiousness is played for laughs, but the jokes become stale quickly. The anime also suffers from a lack of character development and a semi-predictable plot. Another issue with Cautious Hero is its fan service. This is especially felt really off when the plot fully revealed itself near the end.. . The art style is pretty standard and kinda boring, not that every anime has to have a unique style. But it helps to standout among the landfill of a genre known as isekai.. . Overall, Cautious Hero is a disappointing anime. It has a few good ideas, but ...
Yeap...this was, and still is, hot garbage.. . You would think that from the writing group of studio GoHands's most famed series, K Project, the anonymous GoRA would have another jewel on their hands. But this is 2023, not 2012, and what they had for the always risky anime original show that is Ayaka (or its full name - Ayaka: A Story of Bonds and Wounds), yeah sure, it was INDEED a story of bonds and wounds, but this somewhat simple story, to put it simply, is an absolute chore to sit through.. . Just about the only thing that I appreciated about this show is the setting: similar ...
Saint Oniisan is simply not a very funny comedy. That's what ultimately matters most, and while there were some good moments, overall, this was a dull and unstructured film.. . Jesus and Buddha are vacationing in Japan. That's all that really needs to be said about the plot.. . Firstly, there were some good jokes and moments. There are some jokes about Buddha's spot, 'parting the seas,' and the bit with the mafia was genuinely really great. I wish the entire story pivoted around these arcs because they were easily the best jokes. I also found that Jesus and Buddha were mostly likable. The art style is good, though ...
Out of any JRPG franchise in this generation, the Atelier series has been a bit of a niche title aimed at specific audiences. Despite this, the Atelier Ryza trilogy became one of the most successful collection of games in their franchise history. And no doubt, this anime adaptation was not a matter of if but when. Yet, the anime wore its magic off quickly when we realize it's just a very loose adaptation, one that tries to appeal to the audience, but struggles every step along the way.. . First, I want to get the big question out of the way. Do you need to play the ...
Do you truly give a fuck about spoilers for Nanaka 6/17? I thought so.. . I don't know why this anime in particular hit me as hard as it did. Anime, in general, is so monotonous, gimmicky, and tropey. I've been aware of this for years now. However, something about Nanaka 6/17 really got under my skin. I think it just caught me at a bad time. I'm a little burnout on anime, at the moment. The show isn't doing anything different from your ordinary, run-of-the-mill anime. No, it's just that it's so blatant and lacks any kind of subtlety in it's writing, that it made ...
Imagine if someone asked ChatGPT to create a mad-libs script based on Kakegurui, Classroom of the Elite, and No Game No Life, and then they presented that script to their local anime club. Each episode's worth of prompts is filled in by different people, and none of these people can communicate with each other in any way; reading the previous sections to see what was going on is completely optional. After a plot is created, one guy creates characters based on the advice from a slightly shitter chatbot service that is trained on Mal’s top 100 most popular anime list. After this, the members of ...
I've watched a lot of garbage, but this one takes the cake here for the new trash of this season. If you're someone like me, who went to MAL and looked at the poster of Liar Liar, it looks like a legitimate anime that delves into the themes of psychological manipulation and the characters are also playing games (and mind games). And that's all there is, a cool concept that has been obliterated by poor characters and a boring story with no legitimate stakes, You could call this a snorefest. Here I will note some of the warnings that might be too tough for those ...
Oh yay, it's No Game No Life, the sequel which fans have been expecting for well over a decade now...oh wait, it's (literally) No Game No Life, the shittiest version possible. Or how TwoSet Violin easily puts it this way: "If you can play it slowly, you can play it quickly!". . Game-centric psychological works aren't so much common in the AniManga space, much less featured because there aren't much authors willing to put in the effort to write a rather gothic series that in one way or another, have a Jackie Chan "mind-blowing" emitting meme effect of "How is this possible? What gives?". You see, works ...
What's that famous saying again? Liar Liar, pants on fire? Self immolation sure did sound nice every time I finished an episode of this utter garbage, it was a struggle getting through that for twelve straight weeks. In the same vein as Classroom of the Elite, Tomodachi Game, The Irregular at Magic High, etc, we have a new addition from the Summer 2023 line up.. . Written by Haruki Kuou, this is their first work to get adapted and it'll be their only work I will watch going forward, that is for certain. I suppose you have to start somewhere, but my goodness, are there a ...
Years of waiting for a No Game, No Life Season 2, and people were thinking this would be similar to that. Well, let me just say, if you thought NGNL was stupid, this will be some abyss fiction to you. With a title like Liar, Liar, you’d expect that it’d be all about cheating and lying through games, and while there’s plenty of that in this anime, it’s done in a very underwhelming way, with contrivances up the wazoo. Powers come out of nowhere, twists come out of nowhere, and in the end, it’s just a trashy harem show with no real spice whatsoever. I’m ...
Lyrical Nanoha: Reflection is something of an anomaly. Apparently combining elements from other versions of the series (a fact I only know from a little research) is pretty unique, but the true oddity is that this actually appears to take place during or after A's, which is even more puzzling given that it rose off the winds of the fantastically mixed ViVid Strike. This means the movie is in an odd place canonically, introducing more elements that mix up the standard formula, as well as structurally. This is of course good for a fresh take on the series, but whether or not it actually holds ...
Overhyped during their time, The music is probably the only thing i find interesting in this anime, even so it's very forgettable and i remember quite a few Isekai OP that are just banger, imagine Musical Anime losing to Isekai in term of music lol, the show really beaten the horse dead with the overused social anxiety and introvert tropes, the show wants to convince you main character is a very good guitarist but in reality those songs aren't actually hard for a average guitarist, i am actually more impressed at the drummer being able to dribble like a professional even when Nijika (the drummer) ...
I have years of anime and hundreds of series under my belt. I speak Japanese, have lived in Japan, and have watched anime from 12 until my current age (almost 40). So, let me say with as much experience as a person can have, approaching anime from the multiple different angles it can be approached from, and having tons of experience - socially as well as linguistically- this is the single worste anime I have EVER seen. I got trapped into watching it because I thought there might be some clever way all the stupidity might tie into some big reveal. Spoiler* it doesn't. I ...
Do not do this to yourself.. It's bad, it's just really bad, what can I say.. The main plot is icky to say the least , I mean if it's your thing then go for it I guess, but don't go in blind like I did, and definitely, do not expect anything out of this show.. . It was boring through and through, I had some hope towards episode 10 but I was well..... mistaken. It didn't do anything and was a total disappointment.. . The main character was pathetic, disgusting, abhorrent, and that's putting it mildly. He was incredibly annoying, just begging you to stop ...
Maybe the most overrated anime bullshit is here. I know that the ending and all. But that doesn't explain the overall show itself. Manga was a little or should I say much better that the anime cause they skipped some important details and the most of all the ending itself is very opposite. It's very like darling in the franxx anime where they changed the ending because the anime finished before the manga. Same case here. Why its bad ??. It's not like it's completely garbage. Story had some potential. Totally wasted on the character saturation and messy world.. It doesn't give you a clear massage.
I only know about Street Fighter in passing, fighting games really aren't my thing. I went into this thinking I would know at least a handful of the characters but I always remembered it being a grounded compared to other fighting games like Tekken with its random God-seed/Demon-seed thing it did. It got to the point where characters were constantly talking about dark chi and becoming Super Saiyans that I realised I was wrong.. . If you aren't a fan of the game, I think you'll find this pretty impenetrable as a movie even ignoring everyone suddenly having magical powers. Characters are mentioned with such weight and ...
Here comes yet another show about some waste of life who does nothing but playing videogames all day, and is all of a sudden thrown in a life or death situation, where we are supposed to cheer for him, despite being a total jerk. It’s about a videogame that is something between Counterstrike and Bomberman, getting real after the protagonist is sent to fight other players. Then it becomes Battle Royale in a Predators setting, meaning, a bunch of people that need to kill each other, sent via parachute to a remote tropical island. And yes it sounds interesting at first, until you see how ...
I had really high expectation about this, but they disappointed me.. It could have been a great adaptation, the first episodes were good because they followed the original plot.. . The design is also really cute and i love the choice of voices they made.. . Everything went down when the new original part started to develop. It was the most boring and long arc ever. It started before episode 5 and lasted the remaining episodes. That was so disappointing.. It would have been better if they tried to adapt the original plot fully.. . I don't recommend this to anyone, especially to the ones who intend to watch ...
This collection was one of my most anticipated anime projects at the time and when it released it was the biggest pile of shit ever junji Ito has always been the greatest mangaka there was at writing bone chilling stuff with some of the greatest art I've seen and this is just a stain that carries none of the impact.. Furthermore the art just feels flat it's a massive nothing burger with no soul behind the art just a cheap imitation of something superior. The voice acting is also lackluster and doesn't fit well it's like watching the Schneider cut of Batman Vs superman in German.
What a... specific anime. Feels like a Toradora on drugs. Will note observations in a list, mostly negatives:. . - Very slow plot with very low dynamic. - Mainly consists of constant character thoughts. Focus point swaps between characters, but they never stop thinking. - Nothing in a plot happens that is not directly connected to the love story of one of the characters. Show feels one-dimensional in this matter. - Weak, boring characters. Many are too similar, especially the boys, where 3 out of 4 main ones are assertive and constantly try to initiate sex (2 of them even says something like "I'm a boy, it's only natural of ...
The premise is about a war amongst nations for the control of natural resources. It is also about several personal dramas around pilots and aristocrats and their interactions during these times. In theory this could have been a great epic of strife, ambition and tragedy around the needs of nations forced down the path of violence and destruction. In practice though it is hardly as interesting.. . The most obvious reason is the action. The whole thing looks like a dull Gundam rip-off, where the pilots keep monologing and explaining everything to the viewer instead of just letting us get it, minus the big explosions and the ...
I am too old to be enjoying this anime because I feel like I watched a completely different show compared to others who praise it to high heavens.. . Look, I don't find the romance in this anime to be cute at all.. Literally trying to be cunning and manipulating the person you love into acting a certain way is inappropriate. That's a sign of a toxic relationship. I just can't let these two idiots behave this way and think its okay because they are children. It's troubling. Try having mindgames in like chess or shougi or go instead of, like, human relationships.. . Now am I ...
If you like Vanguard the card game, you will like the 3rd season.. If you are like me, who walked into this series w/o knowing any of the card game rules (and actually don't care for the vanguard franchise at all), you wont like it.. . I praised the first two seasons of the show because of its ability to write an emotionally gripping narrative despite using a card game that I didn't know anything about as a vehicle for the story. I think the third season really suffers from focusing on the card game itself and being self absorbed in this tournament thing. That was never the ...
Brave 10 is based on a manga which is loosely based on the Sengoku period. One of the various fables of that era was the Sanada Ten, a team of powerful warriors who were formed by Sanada Yukimura in his efforts to rule supreme. The premise is the formation of the team and is shown primarily through the eyes of Saizo.. . I can’t say the setting and the premise are that interesting. They are in fact quite basic and there have been several other stories based on the same period and people. The most famous example is Naruto but the relations don’t go beyond names as ...
Man, was this one a drag! It gives you the impression that it will be an interesting and weird series but in reality it is totally boring and simple. This is one of the worst titles Tomino (the Gundam dude) ever made and studio Sunrise was out of its mind when it allowed for this thing to be made.. . The intro was full of naked chicks and weird imagery. And the song was catchy too. It really managed to make me interested in the series. And then the series begins… And it’s nothing much to look or listen to. Where is the nude? Where are the ...
The anime begins by mentioning the vastness of space and time, endless stars, the meaning of life, it hypes you up for something that rivals Legend of the Galactic Heroes in scope, and then… it becomes a generic romantic school comedy where nothing ever happens. Thanks for nothing, you piece of shit.. . Whatever the show pretends to have as a plot is no more than done to death hentai premises where a bunch of teenage boys are objectifying women, before conveniently bumping onto said women who immediately get interested in them, and silly adventures begin.. . And by adventures I mean endless cock teasing where you are constantly ...
To be honest i am giving it 8 star just for the fact that it is funny. So funny that even scenes that are supposed to be sad, emotional or serious, they too are funny and ridiculous. And fun fact, the makers thought they were emotional.. . I would say it is ridiculous to the point that it seems more like a parody.. . Every time I hear Takemitchy say something brave, it sounds like empty boasting, as if the writer has forced him into a role he was never fit for. He is supposed to be a gangster but, even run of the mill gangsters are more powerful ...
Masamune-kuns revenge was a series I had been looking forwards to since the season 2 trailer came out but to be honest, it’s quite disappointing. The Animation in this series is downgraded and from episode 3 onwards it’s not even “Masamune-kuns revenge” but more like “Masamune-kuns Relationships and random drama” due to the useless events that happen after Masamune and Adagaki kinda got together like I feel like the author ran out of ideas before trying to make up for it with a bunch of useless drama like all he did was prolong the happy ending before he breaks it. Random plot that just doesn’t ...
Boruto the first movie, is a sequel to Naruto the Last movie, where the milking of the franchise keeps going by simply repeating the same crap all over again. Although Kishimoto was given the chance to start fresh with new characters and new storylines, all he did was making the children have the exact same personalities as their parents, and the plot being a repeat of everything that happened thus far. Despite trying to make it seem things are different, Boruto is still going through the exact same events Naruto did.. . The saddest part is that despite the rehash, the movie still has a much more ...
Bokurano, aka Narutaru mk2. The guy who makes these things, mangaka Kitou Mohiro, has a thing for shock value around children abuse. Narutaru was “Let’s have kids being tortured and miserable, with Pokemon flavor”, Bokurano is “Let’s have kids being tortured and miserable, with huge robots flavor”. It used to be a big deal at the time, until many other similar anime came out (Madoka Magica, Rainbow, Made in Abyss, Re:Zero) and made those shows to feel far less special. The sadistic pleasure many anime fans get from such anime though didn’t go away and to this day we get the same excuses of a ...
Hearken unto me, my dear brothers and sisters,. . I am a prolific anime historian; I scour the bottomless pits of anime hell so that you don't have to. I ponder over the shadowy pages of the otaku necronomicon and bear the burden of wisdom that comes with it in order to protect my fellow weebs from ever having to do so themselves. As the selfless individual I am, I will always bear this metaphorical cross for you.. . Recently, in my research, I have made an unexpected discovery: The worst yuri anime adaptation ever conceived.. . As I poured over the noxious wasteland of foul and tasteless anime, I came ...
Looking back, I can only describe it as youthful indiscretion. But the summer between undegrad and grad school, I watched what you might call a dumpster fire.. . Every few months, I get an urge to randomly select and then watch a show that I am squarely outside of the target audience for and that I don't particularly expect to enjoy. I like to think that it's a good way to keep my finger on the pulse of artistic movements outside of my otherwise-narrow bubble and, in all honesty, I sometimes come away quite surprised. There are three or four shows like this that I've seen this ...
At the point of writing this review, some 10 episodes in, I lost all interest in completing this show. It started competently then it went in all sorts of directions from adventure to cooking competitions and all kinds of different genres all the while quality of animation kept dropping. It didn't have far to fall from but artists sure did start to take number of different shortcuts and it's getting annoyingly noticeable. The straw that broke camel's back was when other characters started oooing and awwwwing at what main character did, without it actually being shown. Even things they did show were poorly animated outlines.. . These ...
[More info about my review style can be found on my profile]. . ▶Summary and recommendation: -----------------------------------------------------------------. ❗The review is the same as my review for the manga. Except I do not recommend it.. The anime does not adopt the story well. With exposition being delivered in a much less natural manner, and the aimations and art quality is just passable.. . It is good power fantasy/slice of life story, but the anime does not do a stellar job at presenting it.. . ▶Story: -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. There are a couple isekais with female protagonists, but most of them are not fantasy adventures. That makes this story stand out somewhat. [I shall survive using potions] ...
"The Girl I like forgets her glasses" is the most annoying version of RomCom anime to date.. . Usually with RomCom's and SoL's, there's always some sort of asterisk* that helps push the narrative forward. For this show, it's that the main character... forgets her glasses.. . Dismissing the absurdity of her forgetting her glasses dozens of times during a semester, the fact that this girl can't even SEE is very irritating. This girl is essentially blind without her glasses. Bats can probably see better than her without using echolocation.. . Also, Komura and Mie have no character traits! Both characters are distilled, FOUNDATION-level characters that have absolutely no interesting ...
As previous commentators already states, the show is one of the epitomes of mediocrity.. . What made me drop this show however, is the fact that clearly the makers are in some sort of budget constrains. During the whole series (even seeing fragments of the final episode), background characters are dull, uninspiring, and in no possesion at all of DRAWN EYES. I am aware that drawn eyes are a large part of one's budget, but completely ommiting them from the non-important characters is hurtfull and very annoying. This sole reason alone made me so distracted from the story, that i lost the initial enjoyment watching this ...
This anime is such a let down because first impression was that I’d love this anime. Visually is fantastic, and the sound effects/music are top notch. Based on just those two elements its a hard 9/10, unfortunately regarding everything else the show just falls flat on its face.. . The plot is a jumbled mess, the flow is awful, almost like it was written to air as 1hr episodes but later changed so episodes start and end in weird spots in relation to the story, and the plot points where they clearly want me to become emotionally attached to a character just feel forced fed. The ...
Once upon a time there was this cool anime called Space Pirate Captain Harlock, and was about this serious manly rebel who gets fed up with the way Earth turned into a fruitless life of working and consuming (being overrun by hostile aliens every year had something to do with). So he decides to board this super cool scull-themed spaceship and roam the universe, free to go anywhere he pleases, a place without joyless capitalists, merciless bureaucrats, and military jerks. Occasionally, he returns to save his homeland from all sorts of cosmic threats that want to take over his old joint. He was such a ...
The usual copy-pasta isekai. A genius Patissier (pastry chef) dies and reincarnates as the son of a small rank noble. But, sugar is expensive in this world, so his poor ass can't do any baking :(. . This show's main focus is about managing (and developing) his lands with the help of isekai tropes and a few baking puns. The plan is to eventually get rich/resourceful enough to provide for his baking needs. As with most Isekai, this is also filled with tropes. The characters are really boring. MC is OP (although he rarely uses his OP skill) and is a smoother talker who can negotiate/deal ...
Terrible. Witches just become simple "women". . There are engineer witches like Ursula hartman, medic witches like the protagonist, even Sonya who is a delicated character can carry a rocket launcher, can "SING" and works as a badass RADAR, also has cute personality, cliché but it works, and we are supose to deal with those luminous women doing some "Sakura wars" stuff without WAR on it? Hecking japan, when will you learn the difference between "content" and "quality"?. . Why luminous women can't be used in the front? a heavy aircraft full of shields to break into the enemy lines while singing and protecting other units, some badass macross ...
People complain about generic trash isekai... Eminence in Shadow takes all the generic isekai plot points, plus a few other lame tropes from other anime genres - throws them in a blender and then farts all that malodorous slop directly into your face. At least the generic isekai know they are generic and embrace it. This show tries to be extra with it, like it thinks it's better because it's dark or subverts expectations, but I think actually makes it even more cringe than something that is actually generic.. . There were several times in the first few episodes where I just closed it and stopped ...
Dying from sweets? That's unique...but retracting to the "copy-paste" Isekai formula that's plagued the AniManga industry for years now, that's a lowbrow, bruh.. . It's just sad how many authors thought they have a unique premise to the ever so saturated Isekai genre, but forgetting that the premise has to be backed up with the plot, and that's where the entire work is doomed even before the work could get an upstart. Yet, this is exactly the scenario for novelist Nozomu Koryu's only work that is Okashi na Tensei a.k.a Sweet Reincarnation, a perfectly average work that got its start in Syosetu in early 2015, and then ...
makes you feel like you are watching a normal slice of life movie at the start then it gets more and more ridiculous with characters flying all over the place for no reason whatsoever, you then have a character who is made out of bubbles but can eat and wear clothes even though at the start they show the clothes being made of bubbles so why even bother, film takes goes on for way too long with this kidnapping subplot halfway through which goes nowhere and the supposed badguys end up good for no reason whatsoever, they then wrap the film up in like ...
A 4 is an honest score for this anime. He doesn't do much with making food or planning on how to make a food creating village until the last 4 episodes. Honestly the reason I checked out this anime was because I thought it was going to be a food battle isekai show. The trailers were incredibly misleading. Instead we got bland isekai "politics." I only stuck around with this show because I had to see if they were committed to not giving us "cooking with character moments." Thankfully like I said before the last four episodes delivered a little bit more but we still ...
Hungry? How about some pasta.. . This is an OVA where Tanya is shipped way too many boxes of pasta in the desert and needs to find a way to make it edible for her men. It's entertaining enough and fans of Tanya the Evil will likely find enjoyment in it. I personally found it a little boring but not bad by any means. Everyone is back and has at least a single line. Serebryakov has a moment to shine though I've never particularly cared for her character. The performance for Tanya isn't as good as usual, likely because this is just a 15 minute OVA. I ...
just read the manga, i had to drop the show because there is no way in hell that the 190s version is better than the remake on every level and i am not event talking about the movies with the amazing artstyle and animation. the remake feels bland and i want the previous kenshin va back. the only good thing about the remake is no filler and they wont skip arcs. the direction and animation for the remake is mediocre on every level. if you think i am overacting i want you to watch how the key moments from ep 1 to the current episodes ...
Another appalling anime that fetishizes queer men and romanticizes abuse and pedophilia! I am so sick of this industry catering to disgusting women who get off on queer men (especially queer men being abused) (which by the way IS homophobic!!!! Queer people aren't objects that exist to satisfy your depraved sexual desires!!!!!) I forced myself to get through the third episode so I could write this review, but by the second episode, it was super clear that this anime was just terrible. By episode two there was already SA, emotional blackmail to try to force a character to sleep w/ another, and the show made ...
This series had the potential to bridge the gap between two of the greatest science fiction films of all time. However, it majorly disappoints in doing that. The animation is mediocre due to the motion capture used in it. I'm sure that motion capture technology can be used very well in anime, but it simply wasn't in this series. All of the characters visually felt very stiff and lifeless. The acting (in the English version) is suitable in some characters and very flat in others. Although, I will note that this series debuted with the English dub and Japanese dub on the same day, which ...
They picked an incredible concept to do what amounts to a cringe animation reel.. . Extreme parkour. I've always thought about an anime series that explores the fluidity of human movement. Exploring the art of traversal, so simple with monumental potential, and when I saw the teaser trailer I was excited. This was it, the movie that explores parkour with an interesting world, and perfect animation. Little did I know, bare-bones romance was gonna ruin the movie by deforming it into the blandest, most boring, “Born pretty yesterday” trope.. . Inflated with a cast too big for its own good, boring main character, meandering plot, constant exposition, ...
I kept watching this anime because I really thought it was just going to be slow in the beginning like most animes. The first few episodes are usually character development and I do not feel I got any of that from this show.. . Honestly the girls backstory is just really odd and the way the writers used it in the story wasn’t great. I felt like more could have been done but it just wasn’t grabbing my attention. . It was cute and the style was really pretty. But even as a background noise show I just wasn’t feeling it. Maybe if I finish it all ...
The change in animation throws me . it was hard to get past the 1st 5 mins. not sure if there is a japanese language version , as i watched the 1st and 2nd season in Japanese dub.. . can anyone tell me what this style of animation is ? it does match the story.In fact i cant think of many stories this type of animations works on - is it a cost cutting measure or is it infact more expensive ?. . In contrast to the previous season which were captivating from the get go ! Based on the amout of review logged currently, it seem. ...
most isekai are generic and they're honestly pretty fun to watch if you just turn off your brain and just enjoy them being op and collecting their harem.. . to make an isekai you either want to make it as generic as possible or make it unique and well written like tensura or mushoku but this show is neither, it tries to be unique by limiting the main character to just being able to use 1 kind of magic and that sucks to watch especially the magic isn't all that flashy, but it also tries to be generic by making the mc strong and "badass" but honsetly ...
Not a unique plot, watched till 12th episode. Can't help but compare this to Steins gate which supersedes this in every way.. Seems like a not so good version of Steins Gate. Anyone who hasn't watched either, would recommend them to watch Steins Gate and skip this anime, unless they are okay with watching repetitive slightly altered version of same concept. ( Concept/plot -> 2/5 ).. . Dropping at 12th episode.( Because Steins Gate was just too good. ). . Typically when plot fails, the art-style or humour or even the characters themselves come to the rescue. However, that's not the case with Tokyo Revengers. Humour felt very ...
This is the biggest podophile garbage i have ever seen, this is the only anime ever that made me wanna throw up. the story is abasically about a podophile who got reincarnated into a body of a child so he could go around and fk children. i truly wish i could erase the memory of this anime from my memory. don't watch under any circumstance unless you are a pedophile. the animation is pretty good but dont be fooled this anime is complete garbage, do yourself a favor by not watching this. truly the most disgusting thing ever made by humans.
I picked this up because the manga hooked me and I couldn't find more of it.. . I was disappointed and confused to say the least. The pacing is too fast. 13 episodes is too short for the story to properly unfold and to establish the characters as anyone you actually care about. Firiel and Rune get the most screen time, but never develop much. There's a lot of politics at play in this story, but there isn't a lot of time spent really establishing points of view or importance of different factions. The world building could use some work, too.. . The animation is quite pretty, and ...
When someone ask for recommendation, Cowboy Bebop is often in the list. A classic, loved by many.. Still, many of these classics did not really stand well to the test of time and this show is among them.. . When i finally got around to try cowboy bebop, boredom and disapointment were what i experienced.. It's an average show (or even under average), by today standards. The plot in particular is not well written, it's all over the place due to the way the story is constructed. Several important characters lack exposure and seem flat and i couldn't find in me to care about them at all.. i powered throught ...
I don't know who marked this thing as Action/Adventure, but he should really buy a dictionary.. Action is non-existent, they spend 10 seasons farming.. Adventure is non-existent, because they never leave the freakin' farm!. Almost nothing happens.. This is slice of life with drama elements, and 99% of what you see is moralizing. What's more, the moralizing doesn't even fit the historical setting. Plot armor is the only thing allowing the main character to nurture his new way of life.. Boring, boring, thrice boring.. . In other news:. - story was unpredictably stupid and unrealistic, not fitting at all. - characters either lacked depth or had depth that doesn't fit them. - art style didn't ...
The 1000th remake of Cinderella, this time set in a Naruto like world of superpowers and supernatural.. . The title gives you a clear hint of the lack of originality this anime suffers and you will find every possible cliche inside to confirm it. But hey, that's not even close to being its major flaw. Miyo, the main character, is wrote so poorly that makes the anime unwatchable for the critical mind. Everything surrounding her is nonsense, being the biggest flaw her absurd decision making which only purpose is to create and extend drama. Whenever the writer needs to trigger a conflict he doesn't think much about ...
Honestly I wouldn't recommend watching this legalised hentai, It truly is shameful to have such young appearances with a middle aged man, what a disappointment.. I can't even understand how such perverted author got the idea of making such legalised hentai, how was it even prodcasted?!. Anyways.. -Story-. I'd give the story a 3/10 for multiple reasons, one of wish being the appearances themselves.. Like seriously!. -Art-. The art style was fairly beautiful in all honesty,it fits this kind of perverted plot well, I'd give it a 7.. -characters-. Oh boi..charchters... I still can't get over the fact that 90% of the girls that witnessed sex in this anime are all under 11 years of ...
A big disappointment. The universe and story are interesting and the anime is quite funny, but it has major flaws that I suppose (and hope) are due to the date it was released, which results in a lot of uncomfortable scenes.. . The female characters are only there for fan service and/or to be helped by the main character and/or for the romance with the main male character, and in the last episode the adult women are reduced to the status of mother or housewife.... . The redundant male side characters are perverts and appear very often only to objectify female characters. There's even one (an adult, of course) ...
Summertime Render hooked me in because of the mystery angle, and kept me there as that premise developed further in the first third of the anime. And the mechanic that Shinpei is able to leverage, while certainly not unique, is always a fun one to imagine and play with.. . However, as the anime progresses, the level of convolution to the lore which explains this mechanic and related phenomena ends up being off the charts. I felt extremely bogged down by this in the latter third of the anime and couldn't enjoy the story. Maybe that's because the story in the latter third ends up being fantastical ...
Ahhh... A series with artwork by the guy who made Dragon Ball. What can go wrong? ... Surprise! Everything did. It got some fame because of the hype behind the illustrator and then lost it all in a few episodes because it’s a show for children. If you thought Dragonball’s plot and characters were simple, they are Shakespear next to this one. The show was obviously a callback to old JRPGs which were by default simple and cheerful, but that is not enough to make an interesting show out of them. Not even the similar in tone Dragon Quest anime adaptation managed to do that, ...
I used to be in an anime club where this was chosen as our anime-of-the-week to watch and discuss.. . Nobody completed watching it because they couldn't handle how unbelievably terrible it is.. . Except me. Who labored through all twelve episodes thinking "well, everyone else is watching it I better be ready for the discussion.". . Poorly animated, lame characters who are heaped upon you and not fleshed out at all, unpleasantly rapey fanservice, piss poor character designs. I went into this as someone used to harem and who loves monster girls but nothing could have prepared me for the level of nothing that this anime was. An amazing ...
If you have a friend who hates anime, then be sure to advise/ make him watch this anime title.. . Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is the quintessence of all the takeaways of anime haters. There's everything they like to talk about here. . lack of animation. dumb anime tropes with forms of power, reincarnation. A shredder who speaks like a Japanese schoolgirl, a Krank who speaks like a Japanese schoolgirl with a smoky voice. there are even a couple of hypersexualized fairies, just like we like. . I generally like the animation of the 90s, and there is a kind of vibe of cheap titles of the 90s, someone may like it, but I ...
Manga Sarutobi Sasuke (1979), also known as 'Ninja, The Wonder Boy' in America, is the third iteration of the Sarutobi Sasuke character in anime, following 'Magic Boy' (1959) and 'Sasuke' (1968). While 'Magic Boy' adopts a whimsical fairy tale style and 'Sasuke' delves into a serious grim political feud, this anime attempts to blend both by being political yet goofy.. . Despite its initial promise of political intrigue, the anime merely uses internal politics as a backdrop for conflicts. The plot centres around the samurai and warlord Sanada Yukimura in the Sengoku period, who fights in the name of peace. Sasuke, who shares those ideals, pledges allegiance ...
Great vibe; good visual; decent animation; and nostalgic. but I do not recommended it.. This anime followed the classic 80' TV format which is one stand alone story per episode, there is nothing wrong with this format a lot of good animes adapted well but not this one. There is no story line or bigger pictures, it won't make a difference if you watch the 24 episodes in random orders (to be fair there is a story lasted 2 episodes). In short, occasionally there are interesting ideas but Dirty Pair failed to built up anything exciting in a short 24 min(20 min without op, ed, ...
The first episode is quite good, but after that, the series turns into quite a mess, like a totally different show. The characters often act so illogically that it's almost an insult to the viewer's intelligence. It's as if the characters lack normal human emotions. Just a few minutes after a highly traumatic moment, such as a brutal death of an important character, the characters might appear to have completely forgotten that anything even happened. The promising first episode gave me false hope that the series would improve as it progressed, but unfortunately, it didn't. It's rare for me to feel that a show I've ...
History/Narrative - 4. Easily boring, it doesn't keep me wanting to see the rest of the story, there is potential but it is poorly explored.. . Characters and Development - 5. Some are horrible clichés and others are poorly developed to the point of being irritating. There is practically no chemistry in relationships.. . Animation and Art - 6. It's nothing new or innovative, but the art is pleasant, the scenarios are simple and the animation, even though it's very static, provides a bit of animation in the fights. The designs of certain characters are a bit piggy and very cliché aesthetically speaking.. . Soundtrack and sound effects - 5. The basics and the minimum ...
Story (4/10): The problem with a lot of Samurai stories in anime is encapsulated here in my opinion.. Always adding an unnecessary part of weird fiction, constant style over essence and such — I would recommend watching the much better Kenshin OAV that is so far the most interesting samurai animated movie we’ve had and it is much older.. . Voice Acting(1/10): As a Chinese speaker, albeit not an expert one, the voice acting for mandarin was beyond subpar — not even talking about tones it just sounded wrong and the Blu-Ray has a warning before the start of the movie saying that the author purposely pushed the ...
Honestly it started ok with the first episode, but then the story felt extremely rushed. It felt like I was missing episodes, heck hole story plots. It just jumps from one thing to another with no prepose. There a bare bone story here. There is not a lot to say about this anime's story. Other than I have seen this story done before and WAY better than this.. . It's just pretty moving art at this point. There's is nothing else here.. ...
Main point: Bad, dumb plot, GREAT op and ed. . I watched this a while back, I was using a word doc to make my anime list because I didn't really want to make an account here, I wrote, "stupid, dumb plot, no character development, completely flat characters, the only character I liked from the show died in like 2 episodes but he was a flat character as well" also I saw a guy on youtube who was talking about it and he was praising it but included dubbed clips which made it seem even worse. The only redeeming factor of the show is that the OP ...
Most of this show has nothing to do with what's in the synopsis (not that it was extremely insipring in the first place). Just skip it unless you've already seen most of the shows that are currently available.. . The plot takes a turn after the first few episodes and completely forgoes what's been established in them. The eps 5–9 literally concern nothing else but the mc's part-time job and a girl that he met. How exciting. . . I literally never review anything, but this one is so mediocre that I went out of my way to do so. I despise the fact that I almost never drop anything ...
Definitely has the ability to be a good show but the pacing is horrible. So many events happen in the first like 3 episodes that everything feels like a fever dream. The characters are fleshed out, but super quickly, to the point where there's no real point to fleshing them out in the first place. Like there's no lead up to what's supposed to be big emotional moments and they all fall flat cuz we barely get the hang of the two main characters ecause we're trying to pay attention to all the shit going on around them. Things just keep happening and you're just ...
Blood-C is the remake of Blood+, which is a remake of Blood the Last Vampire, which was a rehash of the old chicks with swords routine in half an hour. I have nothing against remakes, if they are done once every 20 years and try to offer something new to the table. Yet look at this; three iterations of the same premise in less than a decade? This is plain overkill and on top of that it was becoming worse with each new entry.. . The bait of the show is that the drawings are done by CLAMP, the team of women who are famous for their ...
Do you think others will enjoy/dislike this series, even if you didn't? Why?. TLDR; Do not let them cook. . Is the story unique?. Fena is a unique series in a bad way. Unpredictably bad because of the how the story unfolds. It felt like watching a train suddenly come across a broken bridge. The pacing of the anime is questionable and more episodes might have helped. . Do you think the art style is fitting for the story?. ...
Disrespectful, Rimuru took years just to catch a lvl.1 subordinate. Like come on bro, Rimuru's a demon king.. . Almost everything about this movie are bad. First of all is the pacing, ik ik, tensura is a meeting anime, 80% manga and anime is about meeting. But this is a movie that is not canon at all. So why the hell u want us to listen for an hour about an unknown character, worst of all its an unlikeable, basically Benimaru knoc-off. LIke come'on bro be more creative.. . Nest about the character, the queen is good, that great but still ok imo. The new flame ogre, ...
I am baffled by the high ratings for this special. I really enjoyed the main season but this was just not it.. . The story just felt rushed and roughly put together. I felt like the cases in the main show, even some of the ones lasting just one episode, flowed better than this one. Here, details were skipped explaining why certain aspects were happening or who some people were. And the “reasoning” of the “antagonist” was just overly exaggerated and not properly dealt with at the end.. . Apparently, one would better understand the end if you’ve watched some other Nasuverse shows.. . Overall, very disappointed. At least the art ...
Utter and complete garbage. To preface on why a person would ever choose to watch Naruto, were they sane of mind: Quite honestly they wouldn't. The only rational setting for the show to be viewed is as background noise. While cooking, or building a dresser, or something of the sort. Which is how I began watching Naruto:. Binging while redecorating my room. And for that time, the show was tolerable. The opening arc is solid enough, and paying attention for five seconds out of every thirty and cracking a joke to myself about how absurd things had gotten by that point was fun enough. But funnily, ...
Kakegurui Twin, a shaved down version of Kakegurui.. . It's the prequel to Kakegurui, but imo it does not add much new information/lore/plot/whatever you wanna call it to the anime show of Kakegurui. You follow Mary as a starting nobody in the gamble school, and just as with Kakegurui, she (and others) try to win games or gain advantages through some kind of scheme or cheating. This is the first shave down in my opinion. I might have different impressions, and I don't know if it is just the source material for this prequel, but the games and the schemes are really not interesting. Sometimes they are ...
“Drug Store in Another World” is what happens when You have a fever dream from watching too much isekai topped with a (un)healthy dose of “Humanity Has Declined”.. . The show doesn’t have an overarching plot, it’s episodic in nature, every episode is divided into 2-3 short stories in which our main hero pulls out a “medicine” (or a biological weapon in at least one case) out of his ass and solves someone's problem. That’s it. That’s the plot. Not one of them has any real sense of tension or drama. They are all structured the same and even rely heavily on the same type of humour: ...
This anime is bad. It's as if this anime was written by a horny 12-year-old boy who was a fan of ECW and anime. Not only that's but he still believes that wrestling is real, yet he has no idea how wrestling actually works, and he loves anime girls. So he writes a terrible manga, and it spawns an equally terrible anime. I don't know what "professional wrestling" this anime is depicting but it isn't one that has existed outside of the failed WWF/E's "Brawl For All" shoot wrestling event. And even that disaster was better than whatever wrestling this anime is depicting. Hell, not ...
Not recommended. The concept of the world in the anime is good, but because of the inconsistent characterization of the MC, it's very annoying to watch. There's no horror feeling at all, and the violent scenes are overly dramatized and uninteresting. The only thing I'm interested in is seeing Rika and Snape Mask meet; apart from that, I'm not interested in anything else. I thought they would meet in the end. The plot armor is very strong, to the point where the main character can suddenly gain new powers. There are too many ecchi scenes, even though the genre doesn't include ecchi; I had to ...
Read the manga. . Don't watch this. It's like they shredded the plot and characters through an AI and asked it "write the worst possible thing in existence", used its script, and animated it while drunk. Strange, abnormal amount of fanservice, weird fujoshi bait (for EVERY pairing you can imagine) and some wildly unnecessary gore. The timeline is so messed up I don't even understand how the animators understood what they were doing--it's not messed up in a fun, creative way, just in a bad, messy way.. . So watch it if you want to get an all around experience of Black Butler, but make sure to read ...
This anime really only wasted the time that I wanted it to. I didn't love or hate it.. . The characters were decent, but very flat. Sasha seemed like she was going to be an Asuka Langley-type character at first, but just acts really soft and out of character a lot. The rest of the characters just kind of did their job to progress the story.. . The soundtrack was really nothing to boast. Fitting at best.. . The fight scenes were pretty predictable, because if this guy is actually who he says that he is, he is obviously going to win.. . The animation is pretty decent. There were a ...
"Koe no Katachi", or "A Silent Voice", promised to deliver a unique and heart-touching story, but instead, it left many viewers scratching their heads, questioning the decisions of the filmmakers. While the anime world is filled with its share of outlandish scenarios and exaggerated characters, this film takes "unrealistic" to a new level.. . The film's central premise hinges on the character Shouko Nishimiya, a deaf girl, and her struggles to fit in and communicate with her peers. And herein lies one of the movie's major issues. It's hard to believe that in a world as advanced as ours, a character's deafness becomes the central plot device. ...
Alright, folks, it's time to unleash the fury of a fan scorned! You see, I sat down, hoping for a season 2 that would carry the brilliance of the first season. Instead, I was met with... this. A monstrosity that not only went rogue with its storyline but committed the unforgivable sin of sidelining our precious children's romantic arcs. I mean, honestly!. . First off, whose idea was it to concoct a jumbled mess of politics and warfare when they could've been focusing on the REAL stars? The children! Ah, the innocence of youthful romances – the blushing cheeks, the stolen glances, the first awkward confessions. Instead, ...
Unless you really enjoy romance animes, or don't mind bad writing, this show isn't for you.. . First and foremost, the plot sucks. No amount of beautiful animation and "wholesomeness" can deny this fact. The story is incredibly generic. The mc is a poor, abandoned, and helpless girl who lost her mother when she was young, getting bullied by her father, step-mother, and step-sister for not developing "supernatural talents". Then, when her family "abandons her" by sending her to get married to a brutal womanizer, he turns out to be a strong, beautiful, talented, caring, tsundere prince.. . After she meets him to get "married", she acts as ...
Have you ever watched something that was so bad that it was still fun to watch because of how ridiculous the whole thing was? Yeah, this one is not it.. - The so called plot is so rushed that characters have to explain what is going on as soon as things happen with zero background or context.. - There are no characters; somehow this anime fails at having the most basic and generic characters you could possibly think of.. - The face of the characters is drawn off model several times during a single episode, and even as often ...
It's not that the writing is bad. The characters aren't under-developed. The plot isn't bad. The plot is actually really interesting and I don't understand why it was executed like this. It's the studio that adapted it.. . Zero-G was not the studio to pick for this adaption. The show should've been a horror but every single event that was supposed to suspenseful was instead made goofy. They make early deaths that are supposed to give the plot weight comedic and easy to shrug off. Add to that all the ecchi that's supposed to lighten the mood and its just a goofy ass show.. . I was ...
Well, this show is good but the narrative is just terrible so just read the manga as it's way more direct and less confusing. The anime doesn't really go in a straight forward direction and it will confuse you at some point so just give the manga a shot cuz it's quite way better.. . Story is unique but the show keeps confusing viewers whether this is the past, the present or the future so just really go for the manga if you are interested.. . The art style was good too quite accurate in terms of the manga art.. . Characters are good and do make sense but there are ...
Discovered this a couple days ago as a recommendation somewhere and decided to give it a watch. Simply terrible. For one, the story is confusing, and unconvincing. Sure, bodies are cleaned and treated for burial, or cremation, but not in the way this title would lead you to believe. Not every doctor has to undergo morgue training, either. The series, clearly targeting those with a more, macabre discretion, also fails. The art and animation is wildly inconsistent, making otherwise somber moments funny, and erotic ones flat. The main dude's junk, of particular note, frequently changes size and shape. Almost as if the budget was running ...
slight spoilers!!. (mmc = male main character / fmc = female main character). . one of the most disappointing romance animes i’ve seen. was extremely difficult to get through for only being 6 episodes. the mmc and the fmc spent 4/6 episodes not even talking to each other. this anime took the course of about 9 years, 7 of which they didn’t spend communicating. they’ve had a crush on each other practically since their first year of high school and neither of them took any steps do further the relationship. even the reason they weren’t talking for several months was a waste of time. the fmc just felt ...
I'm so shocked to see that this horrible piece has more recongition than it deserves, but, on the other hand, I'm very happy that I will only be the second one to review it.. A story follows a small village in Asia, where there lives a family of farmers. Neither of them know how to read or how to write.. Later throughout this short movie we follow Mina (the wife/mother), as she tries to find the hospital to refill her husband's medicine (that later turns out to be pesticide). Before reaching the clinic, Mina faces a huge amount of humiliation, fear and confusion, which is an unrealistic fantasy ...
Definitely the worst season.. . First 2 seasons were actually interesting, though I didn't like that much ecchi it had. Still it was something fresh and new.. . This season just shows that you can't keep such show alive. You just can't. They juiced the entire concept to the last drop and honestly? It seems like a repetetive show.. . In first 2 seasons you actually had food you could even cook at home. It had some common sense, it was partially funny and concept was amazing. As anime has been progressing, at was worse and worse until we got this season, which, I believe, is for many people just not ...
After seeing the score on this anime I had high hopes for it. However, ultimately I felt like it failed to deliver in every aspect except the art.. . I felt like the plot had a lot of potential and I really enjoy slice of life anime, but I felt like the characters really ruined the story.. . The characters are where I really started to lose interest in this anime. The first episode was enough to have me pretty interested but quickly thereafter it began to lose me. First, I think some of my frustrations come from some cultural differences but I've seen anime where the ...
The anime starts great, but then it opens up so many plot lines that it's hard to keep track of everything if you're not taking notes, which makes it less enjoyable. The answers to mysteries are minimal while the questions just keep growing.. . This wouldn't be such a problem in the long run, but what killed the show was the last 2 episodes where the protagonists break character, they don't act like normal humans and the story is forced to make the viewer feel bad multiple times. The relationship between characters and the way they act is just bad, it won't give you any satisfaction. ...
So, like, after binge-watching this anime, I'm legit, like, super pissed, and that's saying something 'cause this is the first time ever I'm dropping an anime review. So why do I think this anime is trash? Bruh, it's all about those cringe moments, you know? There's this constant yelling of ability names that feels hella awkward, and it's packed with the same old shonen clichés that have been done to death.. . The story is a whole hot mess, man. The decisions the main characters make are straight-up head-scratchers, like, zero logic involved. And don't even get me started on the weird, out-of-place characters. It's just all ...
This was a massive let-down, particularly after watching Nana, which is honestly one of the more entertaining anime series I've ever watched.. I was prepared for this not to be a masterpiece, but that is an understatement.. Our protagonist is possibly the least relatable character in the history of fiction - and yes, I've read Catcher in the Rye, I have seen the Twilight movies, but nothing compares to this bland piece of flour whose only personality trait is being pretty and hopelessly in love with George. And oh, did you know that she can eat absolutely anything without gaining weight? So relatable, right..?. And oh ...
*DISCLAIMER: MILD SPOILERS*. . How incredibly disappointing. Season 1 gave so much promise, with an interesting cast, and side stories/relationships that I foolishly got captivated by. I was not the biggest fan of Sawako and Kazehaya but with some heartwarming and wholesome arcs, I pushed through and was excited for the possibilities that awaited in Season 2.. . STORY: 2/10. What a hard watch. This was so incredibly hard to push through. The story was super boring and cliche and somehow progressed slower than a 25-episode season. Absolutely nothing happened until the later episodes and even those later episodes are very hard to get through. Episodes 8 - 12 felt ...
I was so excited to watch this. A gay story from China, with such a beautiful artstyle, and all my favourite themes - mystical powers, non-christian gods, gay romance.... An then there was antiBlackness.. . Everything was okay until the part where Hua killed a bunch of Black people for no reason after he jumped willingly into the sinners pit where some were gathered. I have tapped out right after that. AntiBlackness is disgusting and there is no place for it in any media. There are better stories with better characters, better style, better storyline, better plot, better everything that doesnt include antiBlackness as a punchline in ...
Honestly I am really disappointened with this anime. Its first episodeo was awesome; it was really well made when it showed how dark and shitty the protagonist's life was because of his job and suddenly a zombie apocalypse starts to happen. Even though his life was really shitty before the zombie outbreak, he is kinda a psycopath who keeps only thinking about funny things to do when literally multiples people around him are getting killed and literally getting eaten alive.For me,most of his jokes and "funny" moments are really forced and kinda cringe.. The protagonist and his friend are pretty annoying, they keep acting like the ...
I've watched a fair amount of sports anime, and I watched this one based off my friend's strong recommendation. I'm very disappointed.. . The animation is fine, but the characters and tropes are tired and overused. In crucial moments, where it'd last a second maybe in the real world, it's drawn out. Every character needs to get a line in in the time it takes for the ball to be passed. Characters are always going above and beyond because they 'found it within themselves' because they've now tasted failure or been near defeat. And Ego? So annoying. He's there to be an antagonist for antagonist's sake.
The anime follows the manga too closely and suffers as a result with jarring pacing issues, miscast characters, and intense censorship. While I enjoy Atakashi Triangle as a series, I would recommend picking up the manga over the anime.. . Visuals - As stated before, the anime generally follows the manga quite closely when borrowing its key visuals. These key visual are generally quite interesting overall though the anime often doesn't let key visuals really settle in and wow the audience before moving in to the next scene. Another issue with the visuals are transition scenes between the key visuals. These are quite boring and do ...
I don't wanna hear that name again.. There is just one things to say about this anime... . IT'S THE WORST ISEKAI EVER CREATED.. . Don't waste time and don't watch it. Maybe you'll be able to endure the first season but if you watch the season two as well, that's mean you're probably a masochist. . Story very average, animation is quite bad, those character are discusting to me cause they seem like a bad dad joke. At least if you wanna see a good parodic show, then watch Konosuba or The eminence in Shadow, it's way better than this piece of sh*t
I have no idea what season 2 is about, but this feels like a ten-episode prologue for what's to come. To give you an idea of what to expect, this feels like One-Punch Man for 10-year-olds but with an incompetent, amnesiac assassin rather than superheroes and monsters. The music is literally the same in every episode. The humor is amusing at first, but it gets really annoying after the second episode.. Personal recommendation: if you're barely interested in watching it, at least do so with any dub you understand and play it while multi-tasking on 1.2 or 1.5 speed. That's what I did. You won't be ...
Nagi no Asu kara for the first 12 or something episodes is like oppenheimer watching the A bomb at the trinity site. Its Fun, Cool, Intresting. But than comes Little boy and Fat man. Holy shit does this anime fucking jump 10 sharks. Im not going to get into spoilers but I felt tramatized after watching it. It was so horrendousily bad at the end. Its just devolves into degeneracy it pulls a SAO where part 1 was really good and than the other half of the anime was so gross and weird. Except Nagi no Asu kara brings in fucking time skips, Kids and ...
Well. Like a lot of people I knew the story of Raeliana since the webtoon came out. I didn't really loved the story because it was quite slow, but still, it was good. When I heard about the news of an anime adaptation, I was already picturing most of it : way too few episodes to talk about the whole story, poor budget, and bad animations quality.. . I was right. It is just one of these anime from those waves of "animes with 12-13 episodes and tasteless". (I'm kinda sick of them, please bring back the time were the animes were like 24 episodes for the ...
Yumemiru Danshi wa Genjitsushugisha - The Dreaming Boy is a Realist.. . Do you expect some kind of good stuff and new twist to the romance, slice of life? Do you want some kind of reality slaps MC so hard that he will try to live his life again?. Too bad, this show failed to live with expectation. I have to HOPE that things going to get better but seems not possible.. . STORY:. They just need first 45s to show everyone how the MC got realization is enough how bad the script is.. An average MC - Wataru Sajou (how many times we have to hear the "average" again?) who ...
Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb af, fucking dumb.. . It's just plain dumb. It is dumb in every way imaginable. I can't believe a company spent money to make this.. . Nothing special, nothing good, tries way too hard to be funny and usually fails. No character development. No story. Just something dumb about a new character every episode. Protagonist has an IQ of like 80 and doesn't even understand normal every day life. I can't think of a single good thing about this one. There is nothing to make you want to see more or tune in for the next episode. This is embarrassingly bad.
This show is a prime example of how to NOT use "flawed" characters and time travel, and apparently how just getting your ass kicked for no reason can change the future.. . Tokyo Revengers is set in a world where gangsters are not just some random big shot criminal scum, but have an actual say in society and do more than just the secret ingredient of crime. This does however lead to an event where our MC can't live with, as does an old acquaintance Naoto of him. They do however discover that our MC can travel back in time, albeit a fixed amount of time, through ...
The way I look at things, getting children into music is never a bad thing, it gives them something to focus on, enhances the brain and can be a future for some, be it as a musician or any of the jobs with a musical need. Well at least thats before starting K-On, some ways should't be used to get kids into music, especially when it dumbs it down to the lowest level.. . Story - 2/10. . Even though the show sells itself as a music/band show, a majority of the time it's a slice of life/school show, with just a bit of musical talk in-between.. . It's not a ...
3S review no. 16 (short, simple and salty/sweet/spicy). . Let’s make one thing clear, once you start watching this show you simply can’t stop. You just have to find out how much more worse it can get. You just have to find out how bad can it be, and still get aired, let alone have this much success. It is truly a masterpiece, the best of the best at touching your feelings. While watching it I was constantly either laughing out loud, or being totally angry. Not for the reasons that the show intended to provoke my feelings, but, the result is what matters right?. . Story is… typical ...
Whenever a certain product becomes popular among the masses, it is guaranteed to have imitators trying to off its success. So when Attack on Titan became mainstream, imitators started popping up. One of these shows is Owari no Seraph or Seraph of the End in English.. . Right off the bat, the world makes zero sense. In the first episode, a virus kills basically everyone except people 13 years of age. And why everyone 13 and under survives this super virus that wiped out most of the human in like a day? Here’s the biggest problem with Seraph when it comes to its narrative, it never answers ...
Re: Zero was aways a bad Isekai and that's a fact.. . The second season continues to remind us why despite the claims of it being a deconstruction of isekai, it’s still a power fantasy. Subaru is constantly hailed as a normal person thrown in an isekai, yet he is a NEET and a dork that the moment he realizes he is in a different world he doesn’t look for a way home and instead runs after waifus. And most of the girls are all over him; even the extremely young ones. Is that what a normal person is like in the minds of delusional otakus?. . And don’t ...
Tokyo Ghoul is one of the titles who gained more popularity through the last year. Made by the hit-factory Studio Pierrot, the ones who bring us Fushigi Yuugi, Naruto and Bleach, Tokyo Ghoul didn't take too much time to became as popular as the others. The problem is, while Studio Pierrot always made popular shows, people complain about the quality. Is Tokyo Ghoul a exception, or one more?. . The synopsis promises us an intense psychological thriller in a dark urban fantasy world. Kaneki survived the attack of a ghoul, name given to the human eater creatures of this series, despite the few similarities with the folclore ...
PROPER MINDSET. Ah, gotta love the masses and their love for mediocrity. Fairy Tail (FT) is from the pilot chapter/episode an average shonen series and yet it is loved by many for being just that. I guess rehashing notions from Naruto or One Piece can make a success out of anything. Because just like those shonens, FT has superpowers, adventure and a big cast of colourful and eccentric characters that occasionally get focused upon and fleshed out. Nothing we haven’t seen before but, hey, if it worked before why wouldn’t it work again?. . Because it’s WORSE!. . It is hard to talk about anything in this show without feeling ...
Boruto is great! if you like absolutely wasting your time like I did. 22 (length of episodes in minutes) x 29 (episodes i watched) = (638 minutes/ 8hrs wasted of my life) then this is the anime for you!!! The fact that they teased boruto's future and then did absolutely nothing with it for like 300 episodes and instead opted for fillers (sorry anime canon!!) in the first 30 episodes of it is insane. I feel very sorry for the fanbase of this show as well because watching this show means you have a couple screws loose.. . The animation is pretty mid and the story is ...
There is so much hype surrounding this show it's insane. People are calling this show a masterpiece and a hidden gem. People even said that this show was dark and I thought let's watch it because I like dark shows.. . You're introduced to a world where it's practically like Nazi Germany. The Alba are the superior race and they are racist and discriminatory toward the 86 group. The Alba hate them and that they send them into battle to die because they don't see them as people. To them, the 86 are expendable, non-human soldiers that they use to fight the Legion. It sounds good ...
A good story is the essence of the show and if the story is a failure then we won't enjoy the other aspects of the show. The problem with Monster is that it's simply meaningless and a drag. The show has a good and promising start but after episode 10 you see filler arcs. I think the story is just trying to twist the events to make them look mysterious while they're not. This is the feeling I have been getting when watching it. All the characters have disappointed me after a while.. . . If you have been watching Monster but got bored of it and are ...
Rewatching this in 2023 is nothing but a nostalgia trip for me for the most part. I wanted to know why it was never heralded as one of the best anime series to have come out of the 90's. I had to find out the hard way.. . This was so tough to sit through. From the slow start with so many unnecesarry comedic moments up to the underwhelming and dissatisfying second half. Not to mention how majority of the fight scenes and climaxes felt more of a slide show rather than dynamic and fluid as anyone would expect given the title of the show and ...
Here’s another adaptation that missed the mark. Animation and sound are pretty standard with nothing particularly interesting to remember them for. This kills everything the manga was going for, meaning the rough pen artwork is gone and so is most of the gore. Turning that to a typical anime artstyle just kills the artistry. It’s like taking the Watchmen and changing them into Super Friends.. . Beyond that, this series is not even good as a standard action series. The main character is immortal and can never die no matter how many times he gets stabbed, clubbed or thrown into a huge blender. It doesn’t really matter ...
Blade was the fourth Marvel attempt to get a piece of the anime fans into the MCU and once again it wasted its money on a lame adaptation. The OST is by far the best thing in it; those rock pieces are nice to listen to lots of times. The rest of it are terrible. Just 3 minutes into the show you are greeted with dumb cannon fodder vampires attacking innocent civilians and getting vaporized by the hero. They don’t even fight in an interesting way; they are just brainlessly attacking with claws and get owned in less than a second because Blade moves faster ...
This show started with a great premise vietnam with giant robots and a romeo and juliet subplot but no the romance between the those characters is used in 3 episodes max. and the nam with giant robots amounts to 2 mechs just standing there shooting eachother but every 5 seconds lets show the pilots grunting (i get thats 90's mecha but still). the ending is bad. the side characters are underused. the op and ed is mid. and the fanservice is so out of place the show is like "look at that pinup in the corner BOOOOOOOOBIES" im just like idc i want gaint robots. ...
After finishing this series I am left with two questions. Who is this for and why does this exist? Seriously, it's not for kids due to the constant oversexualization of every female character, the jiggle physics on some of these women is insane, even by anime standards (I have no idea how this isn't tagged as an ecchi series, because that's definitely what it is). This series isn't for those that like good... anything. Characters, story, art, music, all of it is unoriginal, average or just downright terrible.. . Characters are bland and lack any originality in design and personality, the story is practically nonexistent and ...
I was mildly enjoying this anime. I really liked it in the beginning. But there was too many ideas and too many storylines for how short of an anime this is. I feel like I would have enjoyed it a lot more if each part of the anime was split up into a season by itself which would have made this like a three season anime. How it is now just feels rushed and too many chefs in kitchen if you know what I mean. I can't say a lot of people would enjoy this anime but if you're really bored and you just want ...
Well..Not the best Movie Anime, music and animation is good but... storyline just..erm. . ⋆ ˚｡⋆୨୧˚. . Storyline:. Not a canon movie, well, not the best.. Uta lore just dont make sense, in my opinion, dont make some sense.. . ★✮꩜⋆. . Animation:. ...
Fuyu no Okurimono is just a short animation that you can watch subbed on youtube.. . If there is a story with a meaning, I wasn't able to identify it. All I saw was an animated sequence of events without a clear moral or purpose. The animation also implies that a heated room during winter is colder than an air conditioned room during summer which is quite weird.. . The characters are fine but the animation is short so only the main character is important and the story revolves solely about them and their experience.. . The animation is solid, though not in a style that I like. There wasn't ...
Interesting premise and good animation had me excited to watch this anime this season.. . This anime however greatly disappoints. Eight episodes in and feel no connection with any character nor any interest in any character, the reason is simple too, the show has offered nothing substantial to grasp onto, the primary protagonist has a bit of a mystery surrounding who he really is but is kept very hidden even from the viewer to where I question why even bother with it at all.. . The show is about a 7th powerful magic yet only the 6 have been slightly mentioned as of episode 8.... . Maybe 2 story arcs have ...
“The Sacred Blacksmith” is what happens when You create something that should be mentioned in the Britannica Dictionary under “subpar”.. . If there ever was an anime that has little to no originality, uses cheat tricks to force an emotional reaction in a viewer and has barely any logical sense plot wise… this is it.. . Apart from very few exceptions we witness the plot from the perspective of Cecily Cambell - a young, a bit naive, idealistic and energetic knight. Despite having the heart to protect people of the city she lacks the skills and mental fortitude (at least in the beginning) to make difficult decisions. After losing ...
Average with cliche fairy like story and overall a failed anime which fails to immerse you in the world though characters were pretty good and believable. The thing is the bleach universe is not completed yet and there is some good plot points liketh e imprisonment ईएनटी of aizen, yhwach which was personally my favourite but till now it's pretty unlikable world that doesn't teaches anything new andis overall just fails to immerse you in the world.. Story is not unique and it's predictable.. Art style fits the story. Characters were all great and believable.. The characters react to situations and events in a realistic way. Others won't enjoy the ...
Well, it isn't Kill la Kill, that's for sure. I watched this because it was a short series, mecha and from Trigger, knowing nothing about the source material of Gridman. This isn't the worst anime in the world by far, it's barely watchable. What it does do decently is it's fanservice mecha stuff. It has an interesting dynamic between the main chars, which pushed me to finish it. In the end, a very forgettable anime, but I ended up watching SSSS Dynazenon as well, so I guess there is some charm to its themes and animation.. . Animation 7/10. - The standard ...
Literally the most overrated anime in the world.... . The first season was barely tolerable. It was essentially a complete Naruto rip-off with the main character who holds a demon inside of him, which in turn grants him great power. The key difference here is: Naruto is a character of depth who goes through great personal struggle and growth and that demon functions as an artistic metaphor as well as a functional plot device. Jiujutsu, on the other hand, was written by a child with crayons and just steals the most obvious elements from Naruto without paying attention to why it actually works. Yay crayons!. . Characters:. . Gojo is clearly ...
This is the worst garbage I have ever seen in my entire fucking life. Most of the time when I see an anime with low rating on MAL, it turns out that it's severely underrated. This is one of the rare instances where it's severely OVERRATED, despite how low the score seems to be. I would only recommend watching this if you feel like you're too smart and need to get a lot dumber for some reason, because each episode cost me half of my current braincells, and I forced myself to watch all 12, because silly me thought that it will maybe get better ...
Alright I had to make an account just to write a review for this terrible show. I heard so many reviews and heard from so many people that this show was a masterpiece. The hundreds of people on this patreon account that I’m following loves this show. And I thought, let’s give it a try what’s the worst that can happen?. . First, people claimed that this show was dark, deep, and emotional. It’s not. The world is at war with the Legion but you have no idea why. It’s such an easy question to answer, why are they even at war? But you don’t know. ...
Surprisingly enough, it's better than what you would expect from an anime that's protagonist is literally just a vending machine.. . The plot carries no substance, and moves too fast. It's like one second you're in a fight with frogs, and next you're in a village selling beer. The scenes jump so fast that you don't have time to appreciate it, not that there's anything to appreciate.. . The anime follows boring patterns. There are the scenes where boxxo is selling stuff and everyone goes "wow so good must get more", and then there's the fight scenes that go "woo let's beat the bad guys, oh no bad guys ...
Akuyaku Reijou is an anime that I can only really recommend as background noise. The isekai and reincarnation genres have always been a refuge for shows with wasted potential, but even if lost potential is unavoidable, Akuyaku Reijou is utterly self sabotaging. However, I did give this show a 4 not a 0, so I'm inclined to point out a few of its redeeming qualities before I disparage it.. . Pros:. . It can be fun, I'd say somewhere half way through the show I would confidently state that I was enjoying myself watching the show, certainly keep your brain off while watching, but once your brain ...
This one is the fine exemple of a poor excuse for a anime and it does not even trying to be a thing, it's just a copy-pasted version of Dog & Scissors with juvenile jokes, while we watch uncomfortable close-ups of a girl doing "something with his Akita-turned classmate. Describing My Life as Inukai-san's Dog is like stepping on a Lego block when you are walking through your bedroom and you know exactly what you just stepped into before receiving amputation. The only good part of the series is.. i admire the animation, even through the characters look like Assassination Classroom rejects, but this is ...
One of the worst anime I ever watched. There are no interesting characters, plot lines, character development, or anything. Things are just happening without any reason behind them. The show can be summed up as "Kill things, and survive." The other nations in the world just randomly popped up on the screen without an explanation. Like how does that make sense? If there are other allied nations in the world, can't they team up and stop the war altogether? This show relied too heavily on expecting the viewer to automatically care about the characters and the world just because it was at war. It ...
This show is not even worth reviewing, but I'd have liked to be spared wasting my time on it with more accurate reviews, so here I am. Plus, I need the catharsis.. . I was enjoying it a lot. It reminded me of Laid - Back Camp, which I really liked. And who doesn't love a main character who has no friends or family? One of my favorite kinds of characters - automatically so sympathetic!. . Episode 5 came along and was bafflingly stupid - did Reiko completely forget how to ride or something?? But at least Koguma said it was stupid, and that Reiko was stupid.. . ... And ...
This second season is actually so boring compared the previous one. I know it's a slice of life isekai, but the first had something comforting about it. How he ended up alone for a few years and being discovered by the Jamil family and Eliaria, and having them taking Ryoma under their wings was honestly cozy and wholesome, that is something you don't see everyday.. . It also had quite a lot of action scenes, that while not amazing, were still enough to break the slow and steady pace of first season from time to time. Not to mention, the new slimes he either created or discovered ...
When I heard about the premise of this isekai I thought its very existence was shameful. Having watched 7 episodes out of sheer boredom I can confidently say that I was right. Man is this show bad.. . It tries to be wholesome, which is nice I guess. But it never evolves whatsoever beyond its basic premise. It's about as dull as you'd imagine an anime about a vending machine would be.. . Though let me dispel any illusions you may have: the vending machine can't move, talk, nor use magic. It's a vending machine. It can create a barrier, change the type of vending machine it ...
Perhaps one of the worst shows I have ever watched. I will break this down systematically:. . Dialogue: The conversations in this series are consistently meandering, like traveling down a long, winding road with no end, littered with horrible attempts at wit and organic human interaction. It's unfortunate that this series chose a preponderance of dialogue throughout, as it thoroughly ruins the show and makes it borderline unwatchable.. . Animation: This is essentially a wannabe Mappa style animation. It is clear the animators and art directors were basing every detail on aspiring towards the pinnacle that is Mappa, who has brought such great shows as Chainsaw Man, Hell's Paradise, ...
Shit sucks.. . The animation is terrible. CGI/3D can look great but there is no hope for Studio GoHands. They are a curse. They can never figure out how to use CGI in a proper way. Some of the angles look off and mind-numbing, background characters be lookin like a shitty npc in a ps3 game, and the overall color pallet is bad. Why are some of the color look like shit, flat, and dull.. . Writing: I have read the manga and its great. But the writing and dialogue in the anime just seem creepy and dull. It re-read the manga to see if t was ...
Just watching the game cutscenes stitched together on youtube would've made a better movie. Confused and incoherent direction in all aspects from scenes to script, there is little good that can be said about the film. The music is great, Alice is cute, and that's about it. It couldn't capture the subtle eeriness of the treehouse and its foreboding undertones, nor was it able to develop the characters or their relationships enough for the emotional moments, which were gut wrenching in the game, to have any sort of impact. Just a few very loosely game inspired scenic similarities without any grasp of the substance it ...
Confusion 10/10. Nonsensical plot 10/10. Comedy 7/10. I AM ATOMIC 10/10. Overall 4.5/10. . Really weird Anime, I feel like there is a lot of lost potential, like focusing on showing more of the protagonist origin and upbringing, I didn't understand the first world he was in part nor the 2nd world part. Wouldn't really recommend unless you're bored. Some funny scenes and good fights but plot didn't make sense at all most of the time and I honestly felt lost throughout the whole series.. . Season two should be coming up soon, maybe it's like when they cry and it will start making snore sense after watching more but for now ...
When i heard the premise, i thought i was going to watch some chill rom-com where i can enjoy the romance between 2 people but i was so wrong.. . If you've read the premise you know what it's about, but that kinda really isn't what it's about, the show really is about "nothing" in the 9 episodes i've watched. The first episodes were okay but later i really didn't know what i was watching. New random side characters with zero personality that we care absolutely zero about were being introduced.. . Then of course after a few interactions between the 2 people, we realized that it's another ...
English.. Look, the idea is very good but the production is too mediocre, leading to a bad production, the idea of reincarnation is widely exploited in the world of anime and few productions are the ones that really stand out, now the new ideas of all the reincarnation series are few but when there is a good idea like this series they make its realization bad, it is simple he died and reincarnated in another world to later return and defeat his worst enemy again.. The first episodes are very boring because they tell us a hero's journey story where the hero does not have any kind ...
English.. A reincarnation series like any other would be the phrase that summarizes this series, now, that's not really bad, there are times when viewers look for something new all the time and most of the time it shouldn't be like that, this is a very It's good that you can do the usual and add a bit of fun to have variety throughout the series.. Look, don't get me wrong, the series is bad, even if they try to add a bit of fun (something that is appreciated), the series is very bad, it makes the common mistakes in all this type of series, a protagonist ...
English.. I don't know if you are familiar with the concept of Gary Stu, this series represents it in the best possible way, it is a story that tells us how an overweight boy who is hurt a lot in different ways by fate overnight becomes one of the most beautiful people in the world and with it stronger too, the story is that simple, the life of this boy after this event and how he took a 180 degree turn due to a coincidence of life, look if the series had demonstrated how he made an effort to change or began to change his circle ...
The background with the characters in the first few episodes is very interesting but the character dev later on is very bad so the details that follow are very obsequious and cringe I don't know why and at what part the female lead has such a big crush on her. The same goes for the main, but at first I found him quite strange and unpredictable, but later on I just found him quite "dumb". In short, from a series with potential it became a "sweet" series. Diabetes level is just for "spiritual exploration" for fa guys. It has a good opening so it can ...
Black Rock Shooter began as a Vocaloid song, where Miku’s uniform was inspired by some illustrations made by a guy named Huke. An OVA was created in 2010 based on that song/illustration combo, which received a ridiculously huge hype by all the Vocaloid fans. Not a surprise since it was after all a fan catering title. Two years later (2012) NoitanimA decided to take this title in its timeslot and to expand it further, thus creating the current version.. . Despite being only 8 episodes, it still feels longer than it needs to be. The plot is very simple; it is just about a bunch of schoolgirls ...
I don't even know what I watched, it really seemed like a good relatable show towards isolationism that is compounded by natural disasters and a sense of depression. Then it went into a whole runaway thing then came back to reality.. . I get what the studio was going for, but it really needed 30 more minutes of setup and development to show characters and why I should care about them. I couldn't care enough about the characters to really be hooked into the story, and it really just felt weird and bland, and is probably something that an AI really could've done a better job to ...
Mononogatari season 2 completely fails in all Shonen related aspects and has spent the whole season building up tension and setting up cliffhangers just to c**kblock the audience at every possible turn. The anime seems to have a vendetta against the mere thought of letting Hyoma even think about cooking. Episode after episode he has done nothing but be angry and get his salad tossed. I understand that its basic Shonen formula to let your protagonist get his a** beat, but usually this would be used to build tension and give the audience a sense of catharsis when the mc finally pulls out the Glock ...
Something I never talked about regarding this franchise is the wordplay in the titles, as the first two combine the last syllable of a word with the first one of monogatari. It’s lost in the translation, but the original names of Monsterstory and Imposterstory are cool because of that. Then later entries lost that because the connection of syllables just wasn’t there anymore. Koyomimonogatari doesn’t reach that level either, but at least it has a double meaning of Calendar Story, because it happens across many months, while it also means the story of Koyomi, as he is the main character of every episode.. . Besides that, ...
The humor is soooooo fucking insufferable. Really. Who is the target audience of this, I suppose it's meant to fully commit to the shounen genre and younger audiences or something? It's just awkwardly stuck into situations where there's absolutely no place for it, ruining the atmosphere completely. A fight for life and death? Uhh yeah let's stick a gag into there so the viewer doesn't stand a chance of being invested in the story.. The fights are okay graphically, or action-wise, but the realism. God. So much plot shield. So much plot-making-someone-get-away. So sad this is the version that covers the entirety of the manga.
Honestly this isekai wasted such an original scenario.. How many anime are out there in which the protagonist is a vending machine? One. So the potential for really new perspectives, never seen before, is there.. . But here comes the catch. The anime doesn't capitalize on the original plot idea. Instead it sticks to generic isekai tropes. When I started watching I mainly looked forward to see how the vending machine communicates, how it moves around and generally problems that arise when somebody is suddenly a metal box. But the anime chose the easy way out. E.g.: How does the box even start communicating with humans? Random girl ...
this show sucks because the MC is just there so it can be called an anime with a male MC, but in reality it's all about that boring samurai girl and her journey to realize that she should just ''be herself''. . I came here looking for action and well-animated fights and was only met with 1 episode worth of good content and 12 episodes of boring character buildup about that samurai girl.. It's so bland that I didn't even memorize her name I DON'T CARE ABOUT HER. JUST SHOW US THE MC KILLING SH-. I understand that fights are really hard to animate since every frame is hand drawn ...
the first awful problem is the shit story the first two episodes were actually really good and they really showed how they could make a video game anime work and make it god tier and the first two episodes did do that so does that mean the next episodes will be fun and grindy video game adventures in one word no literally 5 episodes were dedicated to side characters who we literally never saw again. ok so at least we have 7 eps of this arc for cool fights right nah we dont literally 3eps were literally random romance filler garbage.. . Now we have the characters ...
Honestly, I don't really even need to get that much into how this Itou Junji anime adaption is just plain out disappointing and dull. But here are some things I think why its like this.. . The anime itself is a pretty average show, but for a Itou Junji anime adaption its not great, but definitively better than the last Junji anime adaption. But honestly if you haven't read the manga and are just now seeing the stories it adapted and the anime is your first time seeing them, it seems fine at best, maybe even alright for some. But when you decide to read the manga ...
This was kinda disappointing to watch.. I'm not exaggerating when I say that the quick paragraph summary at the top of this page has quite a bit more story in it than the entire 28 minute video.. So yeah, it's essentially just non-stop sex. I guess that should satisfy some people out there, but I was hoping that this would be interesting to watch in addition to hot.. Story = 1/10. . The art is pretty decent, it's better than a lot of older hentai but it's still not the best.. Art = 7/10. . I don't have anything bad to say about the sound, it did what it was supposed to do ...
This 3-episode series was so bad, that not even Itou Shizuka would have saved it. Which was a huge shame, unfortunately.. . This adaptation is definitely far less superior than the manga version. I do agree with a reviewer that it would have been better off as a Hentai series. As for the characters, the one I liked the best was the sexy and sultry Miyoshi Manami (voiced by Itou). The worst of the bunch was easily that brutish, sunglasses-wearing guy (I refuse to write down his name) who was a huge pervert along with some of the other creep boys from Episode 2.. . Well, at least the ...
Mach-25 Houshin Engi is a series that assaults you on every level. I honestly should've expected what a travesty it was. It's adapting a 200 chapter manga into a 2 cour seasonal. Shaman King couldn't even get a 50 episode 300 chapter adaptation correct, and even that has the excuse of its first part being episodic. Houshin Engi is heavily plot based, with an intricate setting and world building. The reboot has those elements but it doesn't bother explaining it. It doesn't involve explaining anything. It has some of the worst transitions I've ever seen. About 25 different things happen each episode, and don't ...
ok another isekai.. i just watch this cause of the existence of the slimes no more than that.. i hope somehow they dont make a 2 season please.. just that, ah forgot the main caracther is just another ordinary god, so overpower with no reactions or expressions.. and the story is no unique is just ordinary and the side caracters are just the same as the mc, no relevants.. u can watch just watch this just to ad add another anime in your mal acount but dont thinks this will be great cause is not.. thank u very much in read this. bye
Kono Subarashii Sekai ni Bakuen wo! is a light novel series spin-off of Kono Subarashii Sekai ni Shukufuku wo!, written by Natsume Akatsuki and illustrated by Kurone Mishima. The story follows the adventures of Megumin, an archmage specializing in explosive magic, and her friends in the fantasy world of Axel. Despite being a spin-off, the series does not add anything new or interesting to the KonoSuba universe, and is limited to repeating the same jokes and situations from the original work. The characters are shallow, the plots are predictable and the humor is forced. The only thing that is saved is Mishima's line, which manages ...
At first I though of not even bothering with the review, but as I sat there after suffering for an hour of watching this turd I grew progressively more annoyed and angry with it. In the end of the day it gets a 1 from me, I actually despise it, I actually dislike everything about it and about the ideas it tries to work with in a simplistic manner. I have no idea about the LN it's based on and therefor only measure this as it's own entity.. . Straight out of the bag - there are few dynamic, if you can call them that, scenes that ...
English.. A super toxic love that never advances, I hate this series like they have no idea, not only because the protagonist is the worst, also because I will never understand the point of this series, they show us a guy with very bad luck and his girlfriend according to super beautiful that she fell in love with him suddenly and wanted him to be her boyfriend. Not only is the idea the most stupid thing I've ever seen, but I also don't find a virtue in the guy at first glance, besides being a very good person, most romance series present us with the problem ...
This fujoshibait anime was super popular when it first aired, by ticking all the right notes. Cute boy, sexy butler, dark atmosphere, and some mystery in the background. I will admit that Sebastian is the coolest anime butler of all times. I mean, what other candidates were there? That irritating indecisive harem shit archetype one from Hayate no Gotoku, or maybe those trash from Ladies versus Butlers? No sir, the competition was low to begin with and dear Sebastian wins while still making breakfast for his master. As a character, I found him to be the tuxedo wearing offspring of Alucard from Hellsing and Enma ...
An extremely disappointing follow-up after a promising first season.. . Mushoku Tensei started with a great first season, that promised novelty and a mature approach to the Isekai genre.. What a disappointment with this second season, the protagonist's development is fully stopped - Worse, they are regressing to acting increasingly more childish and incapable of expressing themselves.. The story is at a complete standstill during this second season, that seems exclusively focused on enlarging the protagonist's harem.. Dialogues are cringe to a point they're painful to read, seemingly most characters were newly born and are just discovering the basics of life.. Thankfully, some rare good scenes (mostly combat, there really ...
Black Blood Brothers is as mid and rehashed as anime can get, practically a collection of tested elements that have worked out many times in the past, presented in a subpar way. It took as few risks as possible and went for the formula others already established earlier and in better ways, thus it failed to be memorable. Here is the breakdown.. . 1) Incomplete story. . The story is about a vampire super soldier fighting evil organizations of vampires, who want to … we are never told. What we are told is that this world is willing to have coexistence between humans and vampires and that many people ...
It was worth the watch ill say that. The characters and plot is all pretty interesting I could see my self loving a few of them but I guess thats more in isolation. The narration and handling of the themes are honestly so "fake deep" that it gets annoying. It constantly explains everyone's internal conflict when it all speaks of itself. The characters don't know how to communicate at all and the story will pretend that everyone had a realization without communicating instead of sitting them down to have a 5 minute conversation. And yeah I know people keep secrets but I'm talking about after ...
(writing this drunk an the only reason its rated 5 is cause i have a godzilla bias) Unless you are a massive godzilla fan do not watch this and instead watch many of the live action films.. I am the biggest Godzilla fan I know and been wanting to write a review for this series but at the time I could not put my feelings into words.. The story is fucking boring as fuck they hit you with so much made up sience terms and philosophy instead of BIG MONSTERS FIGHTING EACHOTHER. I mean what were they thinking when they made this show do they not even ...
Simply put, this season sucks. The magic academy arc is incredibly boring. Rudeus' motivation went from "I need to return home from a demon continent and reunite my family" in season 1 to "I'm going to chill at school and maybe fix my erectile dysfunction at some point." The magic academy arc is a total slog, nothing adventurous is happening like the first season. Everything feels both rushed and slow at the same time, minor plot points just seem to happen for the sake of happening before they are swiftly moved past to get to the next minor plot point (none of which really has ...
I watched the abridged episodes until episode 18.. . But I think I can still provide a valid opinion. Sword Art Online sucks! If you want the story, you are best off watching the abridged version. The transition from the hilarious abridged to the frankly awfully boring anime was intense to say the least.. . SAO is about a young guy, Kirito, who got stuck in a video game. To get out of the video game, he has to beat the top level. The Sword Art if you will.. Title screen please.. Anyway, it is a nice plot and all but they threw it in the trash. The ...
I honestly had high expectations before watching this anime since many Anitubers often compare it to Samurai Champloo and Cowboy Bebop due to the impact of their music but this wasn't enjoyable at all.. I'm not a fan of gore but this anime does really bad at it.. The plot is very generic, just your typical revenge story. A boy sees his father get his head cut off, he trains and vows to avenge his father. It's just a bad Seinen, bad at gore and the dialogue is too forced. It tries to hard to sound Black, it doesn't come out natural.. Though ...
"Tonikaku Kawaii," known for its heartwarming romance and endearing characters, takes a hit in its second season due to issues of repetition and a drop in quality. While the initial charm of the series shines through in the first season, the second season struggles with repetitive storylines and lackluster developments, it is simply another take on the first season where nothing happens. There is a lack of fresh content and a failure to capture the same magic that made the first season enjoyable. Nasa and Tsukasa have been married for over a year and they still find the "normal" things that couples do embarrassing as ...
In the animation history landscape, Tteodori Kkachi holds a special place as the first South Korean anime to grace television screens. This pioneering creation emerged as a special movie-length episode, a testament to the evolving landscape of South Korean animation. Adapted from a sports manhwa created by Lee Hyun-se in 1984, Tteodori Kkachi introduces us to the world of Seol Kkachi, a young boy who, for years, has been embarking on a wandering journey alongside Seol Dae-po, his father. Now, a pivotal juncture has arrived—a moment to ponder settling down.. . The series unfurls on Kkachi's first day at a new school, his initial cheekiness leaving an ...
oh hell naaaaahhh.... the whole show is about some guy being a wuss that literally cant do anything without his gf. thats literally it.. the M mc (Izumi) is just the type of guy that need his parents to go to the bathroom with him in the middle of the night at the age of 16. YES 16 years old.. the show is so bad i dnt even wanna say their names. . Story: 2/10. In every episode is exactly the same generic thing, we will see the male mc not be able to do anything while the his gf does almost everything perfectly, each episode goes like: the M ...
If you go into this with high expectations you'll be very disappointed. The story is extremely weak and the show barely progresses anywhere.. . The show picks up from episode 6 then goes back down after episode 21, at times the individual episodes are very enjoyable; the art is great, some of the action scenes are great and a fraction of the main cast are very entertaining to watch.. . other times it is painfully cringey and nonsensical. To think anyone would have any sympathy for a two faced murderous liar that ordered for them to be captured and forced into marriage/killed.. . wild story man. only watch this if ...
I watched this anime up through episode 8 before finally realizing I was starting to stop paying attention to the show and look at my phone when it came up on my playlist to watch. Let's go over these aspects of the show one by one.. . I want to preface my review by saying I do recommend this anime to those who are new to anime, and I cover the "why" more later.. . Story: The story is a bit original. A bit. But many aspects of it, such as "underdog MC who is useless and powerless gets a special power" is an overused trope. And a cheap ...
And I think we have a serious contender for the biggest letdown ever. Whole 12 episodes we've been getting a serious buildup with revenge, characters developing, learning acceptance, adventuring, then seriously badass vampires. For what? The whole show just collectively farted in our face, laughed and went on as if by saying "gotcha... tee hee".. . Story felt like an elaborate scheme to trick us into watching it without us really having any desire to. For the most part everything was more than capable. Character development, world building, pacing, animation, sound design. Everything was decent if not better but it all amounted to absolutely nothing. Story someone ...
The bankai show returned with all the usual bullshit you came to expect from it. Nobody watches it for the plot since there is no plot to play attention to. We got someone becoming the successor of the main villain without any build up, without any explanation, and without any dramatic impact. The protagonist didn’t even know of the betrayal until the final battle was half-way over. Naruto versus Sasuke this is not.. . Instead of that we just get more of what Bleach was always about. Stuff happening for the heck of it, such as a slut seducing and then killing her own allies because ...
The writing for this season is honestly abysmal. The first two episodes and the first three episodes of the third arc were great. The rest, however, was just ass. Endless eight, while an interesting concept, was executed terribly. Nearly all the episodes, except the first two, were identical. I would say the same for the last, but the only difference was the ending really. And part four of The Sigh of Haruhi Suzumiya...It was a total mess. Kyon confronts Haruhi for her bullshit, yet he ends up dismissing her actions as if nothing terrible occurred... What a way to ruin an almost redeeming arc. The ...
It's a freight train filled with excuses, plot conveniences and random acts that will put any of the characters in most sexually provoking poses with each other but at the same time does its best to uphold modern age Japanese fantasy of hot girls running after main character while he lacks the desire, ability and motivation to do anything.. . I gotta say animation is not half-bad. Not good either, but just serviceable. The story on the other hand is trope filled garbage which is used as an excuse to add some more tension to those already pent up sexual urges. If scientists ever figure out how ...
One Word. Terrible.. . Premise: This show isn’t actually summarized easily, so here are some elements in the show: robots, guitars, a psychotic pink haired girl, a boy whose head makes monsters, a yellow Vespa, awkwardness, and absurdity. Like, anime back then was even less bad, but this was like a bad anime that doesn't need any respect because it's garbage from king garbage of the garbage dynasty.. . Genre: This anime is designed to mess with you, not by creating assumptions about who people are and then shattering them, but by simply discarding all semblances of normality. Just go with it. Like they did this better in Gundam. ...
Just like many Miyazaki works, Howl's Moving Castle is a beautiful and ambient movie. And that's as far as it goes. The 4 points I gave to it are purely for that reason - good visuals, good music. The rest, especially the story... Absolute. Mess.. . I know it's not a good thing to compare the original work and its movie adaptation, but this particular case is an exception for me. If while watching you feel even for a moment that the characters/plot are confusing, the pace is hard to follow or any other story-related nuances are just somehow off - and you will definitely feel that ...
In the year 1920, a Czech writer named Karel Čapek released a sci-fi play called R.U.R. (short for "Rossumovi Univerzální Roboti"). As you can tell from the title, this play introduced the world to the word robot. The play is about a robot uprising causing the extinction of the human race. The last act of the play tries to answer a simple question. Can a machine become human? The play was met with negative reception from critics, although that probably had more to do with the author's political leanings than the work itself. Either way, the play turned out to be a massive hit and ...
it takes place in a middle school setting so that's a nice change from the usual high school setting.. . i think the visuals are really good and i really liked the art style, but i feel like the characters were a bit boring.. all this girl's personality is basically she either loses her glasses, forgets them or breaks them. i dont feel like it's realistic because how could you be so clumsy with your glasses to that extent?. the boy helps her to get closer to her and there are a few cute scenes but it gets repetitive.. . and the boy's behavior is too weird for ...
Shortly and simply put, this is yet another entry in the 'i don't know why konosuba was good so i'll pretend its the writer' series.. . Now, i love konosuba, don't get me wrong, both the initial series and the movie. But there's a slight difference between me and most other fans - i read, or rather TRIED to read the novel! And well, this brings me back to my previous point - konosuba, the novel, along with the other artist's works are simply... Not too good. What made the show good then? The staff. About half the jokes appeared out of some changes in writing and ...
this was visually atrocious but at the same time it was kinda respectable for how bad it was. the animation was so UGLYYYYY i have a vague memory of just watching the scene with miki and akira in the train where the lighting is all orange and thinking "man low budget 2000s anime style really was not it". i was kinda wrong tho its a bit of a vibe. i also have a very vivid memory of there being a human milk lactation scene where a girl had tubes on her tits but i couldnt find it while looking up shit so maybe im just ...
SEASONAL ISEKAI, LET'S GO!!! Thanks papa anime, I'll just slurp up the low effort media right now. It's not bad, but it's also not good. The animation is fluid, but zero flash. The character detail is slightly below average, but the backgrounds are good. Characters are likeable, but the same average characters you'd find anywhere else. Little to no depth, but hEy! ThEy GeT uP tO sOmE hIjInKs! The story is... or rather isn't. It just isn't. The story is barren and directionless, but seems pretty consistent at the very least. Pacing is fair, never exciting, but enough to some how keep this show from ...
English.. I will never understand why they made a recap of the first 6 chapters of this anime, it is simply unnecessary, not so many things happen that you can miss besides that it is completely unnecessary, I would believe it with a series of more than 24 chapters and that is not so much Since I still don't know much, only in very long seasons do they occupy a recap here it is only necessary, so that and because I will not understand it, recaps seem unnecessary to me and this is no exception, you only waste time if you see This chapter, there is ...
The anime adaptation of "Litchi DE Hikari Club" is, regrettably, a pale and distorted representation of its manga namesake. Any hope of seeing even the slightest complexity and dark atmosphere the original manga tried to deliver is swiftly dashed. The decision to present the narrative in three-minute episodes, aimed at humor, seems a glaring misjudgment. Instead of delving into the intricate layers of the source material, we are subjected to superficial attempts at humor that disrespect rather than pay homage to the original work.. . The animation, in turn, leaves much to be desired. What should have been an opportunity to highlight and enrich the manga's unique ...
Sometimes art is stunning to look at and engages the viewer by moving his heart into the right place.. Other times, the art is just ugly because of a lack of budget, vision, and capacity.. . In a few cases, while the art might stunning, it just doesn't hit right. Kind of like a weird cacophonic symphony.. This is where Inaka Isha has come to die.. . This (quite liberal) interpretation of Kafka's short story is weird, and not in a good sense. It's not ugly, it's not good, it's just off-putting and doesn't deserve 19 minutes of your time.. The story is barely non-existent, the same goes for ...
Kakkou no Iinazuke is basically a Nisekoi ripoff that went too far. This show is one of those animes where it could have ended in the first few episodes and it would have been better that way. It focuses on "rivalry" romance where the mc gets to choose from the selection but the show forgets the essence of that selection. Similar to what other people said in their reviews, the show had a lot of gaps and loose ends, but neither of those were solved, this also includes the manga. Ironically, the latter half of the show is somewhat a bait for the viewers to ...
Don't waste your time - NOTHING happens here. Just some mundane people doing mundane things. No character development, no sweet love moments, no cool twists, even the drama is not up to par! Nothing. The two main female characters behave extremely inadequate and disrespectfully towards the male characters. I swear, if someone treated me like that - constantly changing their mind and giving me false hope - i would immediately kick them out of my life, rather than feeling bad AND CLING TO THEM!! I really don't know why I kept watching - probably was hoping for something to change, but then came the finale ...
This anime is honestly one of the most boring things I've ever watched. It has barely any redeeming qualities, has too much useless, uninteresting dialogue and only has a small and I mean really small amount of good moments.. . . Story - 3. . Yeah the story definitely isn’t the greatest thing ever told. The story is basically just about transforming this dragon Azalie back into their original form with a lot of magic and sorcery stuff. But this seems to be the only focus of the show, Rushing all the side stories from the 90s original anime. Then proceeding to drag the main story on for the whole ...
Not sure what was the story about. There is a little to no respect to plot. I thought it was an action anime at first with some fun story but it ended up as a mech yaoi anime. I think it's better that you guys skip this anime. It is just an anime with cool effects and animations. Nothing more than that. Feels like the studio was experimenting with the animation and style.. . 5/10. . I was able to watch it over the course of 2 days. Plus the length of the movie is too long. Predictable ending, no character development. Boring.
*Sigh* What is there to say about this? There's literally no point in its existence! Very, very redundant and disappointing. If you're up to date on all of the episodes you don't need to watch it, though the entirety of S2 itself is already horrible. Why repeat the storytelling of 5 episodes that already weren't that good, and that we just watched??. Fans were widely disappointed with season 2 and this recap of the season's first half is just another punch in the gut.. If a zero rating existed I would put it, because that describes its value. But it doesn't exist, thus, I dub thee ...
Oh no, what did they do to my boy, my beautiful S1/movie baby boy... Not even gonna touch on the story, I love me some flashbacks. Also I'm happy for all the people who enjoy the new animation style, enjoy. That being said holy smokes to my eyeballs the new animation is bad, not the characters though they flow really well but everything else around them is janky. However the art style is even worse imo. We went from crisp detailed art, richly colored and shaded to this terrible bland minimalism, cough cough budget cutting BS. On top of that why are the panning/moving CGI ...
I have suspcisions that the author of the series ( manga/LN ) heard the ramblings of 2 kindergarden kids and decided to turn it into this.. . Same as the previous parts of the series, it is an over the top power fantasy with try-hard twists. I'd give it a pass if it was a satire but the general tone suggests it takes itself somehow serious. If you watched and enjoyed previous installments, you would also like this but in the end of the day it doesnt put anything decent to to table apart from a new bout. If you reached the point of ` meh ...
People keep saying that this anime feels AI generated and although I agree that it's completely devoid of inspiration or anything of substance I fully believe that chatGPT can make something far better.. . Sickeningly nice MC, instant harem, and reincarnation. . These were the ingredients chosen. . To create this painfully bland isekai. . There's nothing really to analyze about this anime, you've seen everything in here hundreds of times if you regularly consume isekais and could probably write this yourself in an afternoon. Its a boring story of some dude who's mercilessly selfless working as a healer in your typical fantasy setting where the cities he works in seem to ...
Story: 3/10. Supposedly, this anime draws from an existing novel for inspiration called A Little Princess in which the main protagonist attends a rich school in New York City but her father dies in World War II which causes her to become a maid for the school. There she is laughed at by her peers and treated poorly. This anime utilizes that setup to create a similar scenario of the main character having it all and losing it all and being bullied.. The story is nothing special. In the background, two nations are fighting to establish an existing conflict and they aren't really explored or fleshed ...
I am one hour in the movie and I decided this was something worth to write a review for.. . My very first and only review. The movie had multiple scenes that can take credit of being one of the best of the best fighting animations.. . However something equally as impressive is the story but in the other way.. . - UTTERYLY POINTLESS MONOLOGUES. - Train villain. I don't have words bad enough to explain that.. - Strong sentiment around overall dialog was annoying. It being unique or following personalities etc was clearly not enough to cover or they dragged it to far.. . What a shame to pump a ton of money ...
This is just worse Ranma 1/2.. . Watch Ranma 1/2 instead.. . I would end it here but I apparently need to elaborate.. . The plot doesn't progress.. . The melodrama is too much.. . ...
I will preface by saying that I have not played the game, so maybe that is good. The impression that I get from this movie is that every aspect of it is wildly derivative of other idol series. It is very generic despite having a futuristic setting, which you would think they would do something with. The characters felt like exact copies of other idol series' characters. Obviously I know that there are common tropes between idol series, but the Tokyo 7th Sisters characters are literally exactly the same as individual existing characters. Every time a new character started speaking, I immediately could identify which ...
Natsumushi The Animation is unfortunately one of the not so good Hentais out there due to the fact that there is hardly any Fu**ing in it, like goddamn man, 3 scenes only where pee pee enters the womenhood in 2 episodes?! holy shit man might as well just masturbate to Cars 2.. The settings are all in a train and a public toilet , so there is really not that much to work with, you will get a pervy molester and a scared girl or an over the top prostitute that does not care about the public moral codes and thats it. The Female main characters ...
Wow. This show is shite. I'm sorry. It's really really poor. I also want to make this clear too, though I will not post the review until I have finished it, I started writing it 5 minutes into episode 4 and finished it by the end. It is complete trash and will explain why. . Story is all sorts of crap. Zeus and Odin, in the same story?! Who the f**k did the research for this. Shiva? F**king Shiva?! The introduction to the story starts abruptly, sadly, it doesn't finish as such. Within minutes, with no context, a tournament starts between Gods and Mortals. Despite its ...
"Boruto is its own series!" Oh please, this show is only a thing because Naruto Shippuden could never pull a One Piece. Are we forgetting that this show is entirely centered around the CHILDREN of the characters in Naruto Shipudden?. . In many ways, this show replicates a bunch of what I didn't like about Naruto and Shippuden. A lot of forgettable "side quests" of missions in the story that ARE canon, 2d antagonists, drawn-out arcs, and characters that make dumb decisions/fails for the sake of the plot. BUT, this show leaves out a lot of the GOOD things that came from Naruto, or just made them ...
Let's get this out of the way before anything else is said: Yes, this story is creepy, and no it is not justified. The author of Mushoku Tensei chose to make the main character a pedophile, he chose to have him make sexual advances towards children, and he chose how those children would interpret said advances. All of those were CHOICES; no one forced Rifujin to write his light novels this way. And as such, it is not the pedophilia itself that is disgusting, but rather how it is portrayed - as you can have a series about a pedophile without implicitly endorsing their behavior. ...
The only review you need!. . Story: 5/10. . Another show about a random ass guy from Japan who gets transported to another world and the God there makes his level 1000% more than the average people, and then he is born as the prince of the whatever-name-kingdom. In an attempt to make the show seem different from other trash isekai shows out there, after he is born, he is thrown out, a revenge plot in the later episodes is predictable making the show's only serious plot. But, it doesn't matter if he is thrown out cuz my guy is super strong af and can survive ez.. Then ...
Simply and speedily: This anime is surely the result of an executive losing a bet, and now he has to make an anime that's as bad as possible, but still get people to watch it. The premise is the title, a "vending machine enthusiast" (whatever that is) is killed and reincarnated... as a vending machine. It's pretty obvious that a protagonist without the ability to move or speak is not going to become the pinnacle of modern entertainment, let alone in an isekai.. I'll be straight with you: It would be much more worth your time to watch paint dry, or encourage a pot of ...
well uh hello there first of all murder is a movie and its kinda bad because i couldnt understand it might be straight forward without i notice or its just that im dumb lol so uh my rating is 1 because the art kinda bad its like normal cartoon but for adults and i dont reccomend anyone to watch it if you insist to watch it go ahead i wont force you thats my own opinion gl. . rate:. . drawing and animation: 1.2 animation kinda bad for a cartoon. . lore: 4.5 i couldnt understand it maybe it has a long and confusing lore some people might find it ...
Don't know what to say...but at the first time I watch... I think it was not too bad... you know right? an ugly, useless, terrifying and a Stupid main Character-_-" I thought the Story would be like Mushoku Tensei... but after the MC was Revamped... he became a Handsome character... okay then, that was not Really bad... but... come on, how can someone be so strong like that? I mean, he has no weaknesses at all, at least the flow of the character needs to have a process of how he can become that strong, not randomly enter a fantasy world and become the strongest ...
I believe that this anime and what is being attempted to be presented in terms of the story is actually an attempt to subtly portray disturbing perversions to the audience.. . A story that doesn't explain anything and doesn't convey any message, except being pervert. I don't know why I kept watching. I think it's because of my desire to learn the story and because of the beautiful illustrations.. . At first, it seemed like a good post-apocalyptic science fiction anime, but as I watched it, I started to feel disgusted. I don't recommend it and I don't understand why it has such a high rating.
This second season is such a let down, the season gets more and more boring everytime a new episode is aired. My expectations were much higher after watching season one, the story was really interesting and i looked forward for them to get together, but when they did it was quite disappointing.. . I expected a wholesome relationship that would occasionally put a little smirk on my face with their awkward and cute interactions, BUT. the anime decided to stall the relationship EVEN MORE, after that happened the season has gradually become boring.. . There are much better romance anime's out there, Masamune-kun's revenge deffinitely could have easily be ...
This show started off great and fresh! The female main character (Aika) is a tsundere and the male one (Sajo) has been having a huge crush on her for god knows how long. He's asked her out innumerous times only to be ever denied. Although he still loves her, one day, he decides that's enough and quits pursuing her. That unsettles Aika, who now has to identify her true feelings and act accordingly.. . That's a great premise! Will she feel nostalgic? Is she just upset because her ego is hurt, or did she like Sajo? How does a tsundere act when her potential love interest stops ...
Listen, I tried reeeaaal hard not to knock my head on a wall out of boredom while watching this. I’d already endured the rest of season two by that point, but I just couldn’t take it anymore. Thump… thump… went my head as I repetitively knocked it against a wall. As repetitively as how this anime is written.. . Enervating, I believe, is the correct term for describing how mindlessly written Tonikaku Kawaii: Joshikou-hen or TONIKAWA: Over the Moon for You – High School Days is. The series gaslights you into thinking it’s good with the first season, smacks you in the face with a boulder of ...
This is the most 5 out of 10 show I have ever watched and it is so blank that I gave it a 4 so no one need to watch it. This show is inoffensively bad, because there is nothing going on with it, zero substance so there is nothing to be offensive about. This show slaps a bunch of half established generic ideas on the table and then... there is no then none of them got developed.. . A character arc that ended before I had a grasp; a tournament arc that ended before I realized; a sudden slice of life arc of course why not; ...
a generic anime with god awful characters, and enough plot holes to classify it as swiss cheese.. the whole cast revolves around MC as if she's the center of their world. her chemistry with the prince is not believable, he acts like a cheesy obsessed knight from a kid's fairy tale. MC had more chemistry with a minor side character that shows up half way into the show, Anna.. the main supporting cast is all generic "good" people who love her because she's cute, innocent, and clueless.. every villain of the day is some petty dumbass who targets MC in the most predictable way.. also ...
Serves me right for trying to watch Japanese romance. What else did I expect? Reasonable characters that don't blush or get flustered by being present in the same building as person of opposite sex? Silly me.. . So the story is supposedly about revenge. There's no revenge in it and it's not a spoiler either, it's kind of clear from the very first episode how this whole thing will develop. But, even knowing that I was hopeful they would actually muster some courage and do something unexpected. I know, I know, Japanese romance... as predicable as gravity, gah.. . From the technical aspect, everything is good enough to carry ...
This is not comedy. There is no room for comedy in these skits. These skits are not funny on their own. Sometimes it's just twenty seconds of hugs and snuggles. Sometimes it's twenty seconds of being op. Sometimes it's twenty seconds of god who knows what. But whatever is going on, it doesn't fit with the title, and there is basically no substance.. . On top of this, Watame is the ugliest hololive character I've ever seen, and her mouth moves in extremely uncanny ways. In the first episode, her mouth is dribbling like the basketball she's using, and it's moving up past her nostrils! It is ...
What a waste of time. I dropped it because of how garbage it was but I decided to finish it because I was trying to finish animes that I paused/judged too harshly.. . —It took me a good 4 and a half years to complete this awful series, and that ending on season 2 was just straight-up garbage. What a waste of time a 12-year-old could have thought of that conclusion. Most episodes are rehashes of the first and lack a lot of substance.. I would rather hear the sound of a bullet go through my head than hear some characters talk. Lastly, I know most ...
I hate animes that don't take themselves seriously. This is one of those shows that peak with their first episodes, like a pump and dump lol. It started out strong with an interesting premise, then It quickly became generic and dull. Misaki seems to piss me off every time she's on-screen, the MC isn't generic but man does he have a dull and empty personality. Half the time I'm watching this show I feel like Takumi but unlike him, I get to call quits. 5.5/10, Interesting premise and spin on the whole isekai genre, but I can already see where it's heading and I'm ...
And that's a drop from me. When very first season came out it was so well done and wasn't afraid to be more adult, not that sex scenes added any value to the story and show as a whole. Then it started going downhill slowly. Slowly but noticeably. This season continues this trend but I gave it a shot anyway because of few things.. . Most notably artists have changed, or at least their style. I wouldn't consider it worse, but just different and I hoped that would have effect on quality of animation and other aspects of the series. From what I can tell sound design ...
It was a pretty 5/10 show. Nothing major happened but the girl and the guy is cute. It's a very trashy show with nothing mind blowing. The animation style is pretty nice though I guess... The story wasn't unique, no. It was pretty predictable. Art style nice. Characters were sub par... It was realistic, I guess. But I don't think its for everyone. . . Is the story unique? If it was predictable, did you enjoy it anyway because you like this genre/set-up?. Answer: No. . Do you think the art style is fitting for the story?. I guess so yeah it's pretty.. Were the characters well-rounded? Did they have flaws and ...
At its core, Mushoku Tensei is two very different styles of storytelling that the author forced and failed to fit together; at times it is a fantasy epic with decently rich worldbuilding; at other times it plays like a trashy seasonal ecchi isekai or horny fanfiction. This disconnect was largely true for S1, and is unfortunately much worse in S2.. . If you're watching S2 because of the hints of greatness in S1 - the epic set pieces, world-building of cultures and cities across continents, sweeping vistas and gorgeous animation - you mostly get more of that in S2. But, its marred by an increasingly prominent focus ...
Whenever I think about Mushoku Tensei, I remember how a series can have simply the worst main character of all.. . Rudeus is simply dreadful. I forced myself a lot to keep watching after the first season because I wanted to know how bad this anime could get, but it's impossible to endure Rudeus and all of his twisted and weird development.. . The romanticization of various delicate themes makes everything worse.. . I can't recommend an anime where the main character is someone like Rudeus.. . --------------------. . ...
Evangelion is the most overated anime I have ever experienced. I went into the mindset that it is a very engaging anime with awesome action scenes and great characters. A perfect binge anime. This was partly true.. . The action scenes against the angels are pretty good with nice fight scenes with fluid movements. A good example is the fight scene with Auska and Shinji syncing their movements during the battle with an angel, resulting in a very interesting battle to watch. Some of the main characters are actually makes the show interesting. For example, Auska's character was both entertaining to watch and sad to learn about ...
Take my review with a huge pile of salt as I have only seen 3 episodes but, what I have seen irks me enough to lose interest in completing the show. In my reviews I usually start from analysis of the story then move to more technical aspects. This is not going to be one of those as first and foremost I wish to point out art is very good. Not awesome and great, but very good. There are no lazy backgrounds, there are very few shortcuts and artists don't shy away from showing their skills, that is to say from animating. It also has ...
This movie had great production quality but that's about the only positive thing that can be said about it.. . I disliked how the motivations of the 'bad guys' are not revealed until the final battle, it was just weird and didn't add anything. There was nowhere to direct tension of any sort because the audience was in the dark about what the whole struggle was over in the first place. The 'threat' was also pretty contrived, it doesn't make much sense that he would have to permanently steal everyone's memories; why not just copy them? It's clear that aspect was extremely artificially amped up in ...
Rainbow Sentai Robin is based on a shounen manga titled 'Rainbow Sentai', published in 1965. The manga was meant to complement the anime but, after a single volume release, it was quickly cancelled due to lack of popularity. Labelling the anime a direct adaptation of the brief one-shot manga is a stretch, considering its extensive 48-episode run. Consequently, the anime integrates significant original content, differentiating it from the source material.. . The series kicks off with the trappings of a generic tokusatsu anime, an unsurprising—and uninspiring—choice given the genre's prominence across various forms of Japanese media during the 1960s and 1970s. However, Rainbow Sentai Robin distinguishes itself ...
The second season, Nisemonogatari, is one that I personally enjoyed a bit more than the first, because it’s notably shorter and the slapstick bits are this time around done by the sisters of the main character instead of his girlfriend, thus I find those bits more believable and amusing, than the kind of abusive relationship from the previous series.. . Sadly, leaving my own experience aside, as a whole, it was a way worse season than the previous one. Not in terms of animation though, which was in fact way better, since this one came out some years later and had a much more polished artwork, ...
OH MY GOSH MY EYES WHO LOOKED AT THIS AND DECIDED TO HIT RENDER?. . After the conclusion of Love Live Sunshine, Bandai-Namco and Lantis have been trying to squeeze as much content out of Aqours as humanly possible before their contract ends. With this in mind, the quality of the media coming out widely varies. At the top we have Genjitsu no Yohane and Ku-Ru-Ku-Ru Cruller. On the bottom we have...this.... Putting aside the fact that the animation in this is worse than:. 1- Animated music videos in the PHONE game. 2- The previous music video (Kokoro Magic A to Z). 3- Fan animations of the series. this music video ...
"Let's write a hyper-intelligent child strategist who's so superior that he doesn't even have to try.". . - ok cool, how do we write a brilliant character?. . "I dunno. I don't know anything about basic military strategy or logical reasoning. Just make the enemy comically retarded and have things work out. Also have him play chess. For worldbuilding, we'll just write that he is only the second person ever to understand the concept of logical thought. ". . That's about all I have to say about that.. . . . Art is pretty good I guess. The characters are all a slog. The story is silly at best. At ...
This seems like a loser made a Dnd campaign and wrote fun locations with sad backstories for every named monster. Though they had no friends because they are a loser so the author wrote them selves as a self insert into their campaign. Its a great train wreck.. . This is extremely boring for an OP protagonist anime. pwotagonist could trip on a rock and become an earth bender, he could sneeze with his mouth open, and any woman who gets spit on them won't be able to talk about anything other then the pwotagonists sperm. The pwotagonist could sit next to any man and they ...
This show is unwatchable. The first episode before the kid shows up was good enough, but as soon as she appears it’s all over.. . Anyone who says she’s realistic clearly hasn’t spent time around a four-year old recently.. . She somehow manages to make it all the way to the city by herself but then can’t remember what trains the took? She runs around talking to strangers and believes the first guy who tells her he’s her dad. Sorry, but she wouldn’t have made it to the city, but she might have managed to meet her real dad when she got trafficked.. . She’s constantly complaining, crying, ...
All i can say. - The story got horribly bad. - Forgotten music. - Animation .... damn it. - The characters hmmmm REALLY, you want me to say CUTE, disgusting!!!. . To be honest I liked the first season it was interesting to see some of story like that but. when I heard about the completion of the story, i was excited. after that two seasons to shock me, and I was watching and suffering. the series continues to disappointment to worse. ...
If you just recently watched code geass seasons 1 and 2, then watch this show, you will be disappointed greatly, the akito series mini movies suck in comparison to the code geass seasons, like, I was falling asleep while watching akito. But when I was watching code geass I was always wide awake and super excited at the crazy things going. If I could go back in time, I would have never watched any of the akito series in the first place due to how much time was wasted watching it.. . A 1-hour short movie should not feel like I wasted a whole day, and ...
For the most part, My Hero Academia is a pretty typical shonen superhero anime. It's nothing that you haven't seen before; the characters have superpowers, the main character slowly becomes a god, and most of the side characters are weak except for an occasional burst of Teamwork™ that the main character desperately needs during a moment or two of weakness against the evil final boss of the season. Yatta yatta, you know the drill.. . What really makes the show unwatchable, though, isn't the dull reused plot, or the predictable progression, or the edgy antihero, but rather that the show takes the overused "pervy character" trope far ...
The pacing of the story was already getting bad towards the end of part 1, but in part 2 it simply drops off a cliff. There's literally a 5-episode battle with a single villain. Just try to imagine that: A full 100 minutes of over-explained attacks that happen *extremely* slowly.. In fact, the entirety of part 2 is back-to-back fights, and not even good ones with funny moments or emotional depth. The sheer number of death fakeouts is simply insulting, and they make everything happening onscreen feel utterly inconsequential because a character being "killed" by an attack doesn't matter as long as they have plot armour.. . All ...
The animation staff did an amazing job at breathing life into Kei Toume's characters. I cried at the end of the first episode, hardly believing that the formative manga that helped me through my early 20's had finally reached the big screen.. . I wish it hadn't.. It's just a... blasphemous mockery of everything that made the manga what it is. They failed to capture the intricacies of the characters, who felt like real people with real issues. I wouldn't even know if they hastily tried to fit the entire slow burn 113 chapters into 12 episodes, I dropped it after episode 6.. . Just read the manga.
The first season of The Fruit of Evolution was actually a moderately fun watch. The second season... takes it too far.. . This is one of those anime where you suspend disbelief, turn off your brain, and just go with it. You are supposed to laugh where it intends you to laugh and feel where it intends you to feel. For the first season, this worked. It took some effort but it worked. The Fruit of Evolution's use of anime tropes and especially "The power of love and friendship can conquer anything" are blatantly and egregiously in play. So much so that it is easy to believe ...
EN. Look, if you want to know if it's worth watching or not, I'll summarize what happens in the entire anime in a few words: from the beginning to the end of the anime, the protagonist will solve everything by being beaten or crying, when he doesn't stop in the middle of the scene to comment.. . One of the things that irritated me the most was how everything becomes a reason for this protagonist to cry, so that it becomes extremely annoying. By the way, irritating is the word that I would define this anime well, and I'm not even taking into account the characters taking superhuman ...
first off, while i don’t recommend this to others, i kind of love this show. it’s not good like, at all, but it’s so ridiculous that i accidentally fell for it lmao.. i used to hateeeee this show, like my first time watching i thought it was the worst show i’d ever seen, i even wrote a review on it that i now deleted to write this one. i love reverse harems a lot and there aren’t a lot of good ones out there, and this one isn’t good either, but i love it. i actually want to play the games really bad because they look ...
Trigun Stampede is a slap in the face to fans of the manga and the 1998 anime that went on to read the manga afterwards, who have been waiting for a full adaptation of the Trigun Maximum manga (the source material consists of the manga Trigun and its direct sequel manga Trigun Maximum). When a manga gets a second anime adaptation, it's usually because they plan to adapt the entire manga this time, and also following the manga closer. But with Stampede, it doesn't follow the manga at all (except for episode 2, which sort of adapts the first 4 chapters of the manga). And ...
Sword art Offline - Extra Edition is very similar to the Sword art Offline from the first season and if you didn't like that one you won't enjoy this one either.. . The story is still presented in the format of a news show. The elements this time are: News headline, trivia, playback corner, swimsuit silhouette and slot talk. This means that life counseling has been replaced by swimsuit silhouette. Of all these sections, trivia is the shortest but also the only interesting one. The other sections are not interesting and the humor in them is based on the harem part and not funny at all. ...
Don't waste your time with this garbage like I did. Watching Kanojo, Okarishimasu was the worst experience I have ever had the displeasure of in anime. Every single episode was painful to sit through; the characters are worthless; others might praise the animation but I found it rather bland and uninspired. Not only is it full of fan-service, the plot is devoid of any logic, the music is forgetable and to be honest this anime is so bad it makes me want to forget about it. I sincerely suggest to anyone reading this, do not waste your time watching this, you can spend your time ...
I don't know what I've just watched, and I don't understand the positive reviews at all.. . Di Gi Charat is a straight-up bizarre and incomprehensible mess. We have a bunch of cute looking characters (with one if any personality traits) going on weird adventures which the writers saw in their fever dreams. That's all.. . I have no idea who is supposed to be the target audience. It's too fast-paced and inappropriate for kids, but at the same time somehow too childish and boring for teenagers and adults.. . The only thing I enjoyed are the characters' designs, they're cute and nice to look at.
Much like with most recap movies, there is no reason to watch this. This movie condenses roughly 13 episodes of material (around 4 hours) into just over 2 hours. The way they accomplish this is by speeding up the pace of both the story and dialogue to absurd degrees. This creates no time to process what is going on in the story for new viewers. There's also not enough time to properly establish many of the dynamics between characters that are important for the story.. . Newcomers to the series will be confused and overwhelmed by how fast things move. Previous fans will (or at least should) ...
Damm that was a boring anime to watch, i endured it for 8 episodes but i cant keep going. Basically this very competent dude made the wrong choices in his life like most of us but he gets to redo it. And now knowing what he did wrong he does everything right helps everyone and has all the anwsers just by repeating his motto "there's always a way". How such a talented, diligent and competent person failed in his previuous life? He was still young. And now we get to watch he being a regular good worker, that's one of the worst idead i've ever ...
Suki na Ko ga Megane wo Wasureta is a summer anime that many people have been anxiously waiting for.. . The story is about a boy, Komura, who falls madly in love with his classmate, Mie who doesn't see very well and in fact wears glasses. The story is based on Mie that a two by three breaks/forgets her glasses and Komura who helps her during the day and slowly they begin to approach each other experiencing mutual feelings.. . BUT THERE IS A BIG PROBLEM!. The protagonists cannot be seen, I have enormous hatred for Komura, same attitudes, same actions, same things repeated for 5 episodes. They can't understand ...
Let's get right into it. Here are the reasons why I do not recommend watching the show:. . - too much focus on adding useless scenes (filler characters greeting the MC, praising what MC did). - rushed interactions between MC and other important characters regarding key events (dialogues between MC and other important characters are not shown, but hinted that they took place before the scene; what was discussed? we do not know but we can see they are not happy about it). - things happen before they are explained. Even though that's not necessarily a bad thing, here the issue lies in the disorganization and cramming of way ...
Space One Piece starts off with a great premise but fails to deliver. The Main character Shiki is way too overpowered from the beginning and no one ever feels in danger. This anime could have been amazing but the writing is just Bad. The Bad guys are Bad because they are Bad guys and the good guys are good because they are good. One Piece has villains with motivations that make sense and directly conflict with the main characters. Few of the adventures feel like they actually move the plot along at all other than to introduce us to another new character to befriend because ...
I think it's the first time I give a ranking below 5, but it's deserved. . The Main character isn't so bad, of course he's overpowered (but we're getting used to that now) but he's not a kind of sponge without personality and he's quite likeable, as well as the vilain.. The issue of this anime is, it's rushed. Not just a bit, but so much. I have never seen a so bad character development. At least it gives some surprises, let's say, but it really looks like a 7y/o write the story sometimes, while it could have potential. The first 3 (about) episodes aren't so bad, but ...
okay, first of all, this is the first real review I have written and I will use DeepL translate due to my bad english, I apologise if you notice any spelling or semantic errors, so let's start.. . First of all, what is cote or also known as classroom of elite? As the name suggests, the anime takes place in a school of elites, I don't know much about this school, so I won't talk much about it, but I remember that it was founded with the money of the state or something like that, which means that almost everyone in the school should be the best ...
English.. The previous season bothered how the girl (Nagatoro) treated the boy (senpai) since instead of seeming like love it seemed like a toxic relationship of friends with bullying, but here they change and begin to show the love between the two protagonists, not only because it is seen that they really do love each other but because they are already beginning to show that they appreciate each other.. That if, with the above said, it does not mean that the series is made overnight into a good series, it still has its deficiencies, which is that they do not innovate at all in the genre of ...
English.. This, more than a series of student romance, seems to be a series of bullying which is normalized throughout it, not only what we see on the screen is very humiliating and uncomfortable to watch, but also the story itself it helps her a lot.. Many will debate that the girl actually does it to make the guy see her more, but even so, what she does goes way beyond the threshold of being romantic and becomes constant harassment, not only does it show the guy no vulnerable moments but it also he spends the entire series beating and humiliating him incessantly.. Now also how the boy ...
As someone who has not previously watched anything related to the Fate franchise, I went into Fate/Zero with no expectations. I knew of the popularity and praise for Fate/Zero on its own, however it never caught my attention and never became something I wanted to prioritize; for whatever reason, it didn't give me a good vibe. Now, having completed the first season, I can safely say that my vibe was correct in steering me away.. . . Fate/Zero has a lot to offer. A war for a mystic object, the Holy Grail, is happening, and magic-wielding contestants are given the ability to summon legendary heroes to do their ...
Not worth watching, Sports anime is my favorite genre. Yowamushi pedal was one of my favorite sports anime. Until they absolutely wrecked the potential of this season. There was not a single race in the inter high that actually got interesting. Midosuji is one of the most interesting "villans" ive seen in sports anime, and they totally butchered the suspense he usually brings to the races. Complete blunder of a season for a show that was near the top of my favorite sports anime.. . They had flashbacks for flashbacks, the pacing was terrible, the story could have been interesting if they didnt drag it out ...
Hellsing Ultimate almost falls into the camp of the "so bad its good" anime, but ultimately fails in that endeavor, cause of its huge pacing issues. The plot obviously makes absolutely no sense, everything is ridiculous, and the character writing is a joke, but those things actually work in favor of Hellsing Ultimate, cause you just want to see where things go next. The problem is, for every enjoyable and exciting scene there are 3 incredibly slow, drawn out, boring scenes. Almost every episode could easily be cut down to 20 minutes. Visuals, voice acting, soundtrack, all of those things are great (which is ...
The Subversive Effect of Makoto Shinkai's Works. . Makoto Shinkai is the antithesis of Hayao Miyazaki, and there will be no synthesis. Because any deviation from the real essence, as captured and expressed, for example, in Miyazaki's works (the original stories of Mononoke Hime and Spirited Away, specifically) leads astray and betrays the roots.. . Makoto Shinkai's works are like Western devs taking over a Japanese franchise and developing it based on their understanding of the signs and symbols in that franchise, in their own limited, biased, and disconnected perspective, without profound knowledge what the original meaning and purpose of those signs and symbols were.. . This to a lesser, but ...
TLDR: This is one of the worst anime I have seen in a long long time. it's not even mid, it's just plain bad. I don't recommend watching this for any reason, none of the characters are interesting, the dialog is comically bad, the plot doesn't make sense and is about as consistent as a five year old's rendition of what they did yesterday. The only good thing about this anime is the opening song and you can look that up on youtube.. . Character design is just stupid. and the animation is mostly still frame with blurred lines or zoom outs/close ups. I can't think of ...
--- original lenguage: Portuguese --- --- additional lenguage: English ---. . English: I watched this anime with very low expectations, and it was for this very reason, it had: nothing innovative, generic story, protagonist who even had a lot of potential for this side "forgotten past" but became just an empty shell, secondary characters without personality and with the past very poorly explained. Unfortunately I have nothing good to comment on this anime but I will not be hypocritical to the point of saying that it was not good to the point of getting a few laughs rarely. anyway, anime 5/10 and honestly deserved at most a 4.. . PT-BR: ...
Let's see; Good girls wasted on appealing plot again.. Main Female character is a weirdo who wishes to be raped, loves anal sex and really dirty stuff. because she is juts too horny.. The plot goes out of its MOSTLY normal sex in episode 3 where anal sex and rapes begins.. Main issue here is anal sex, and how girls enjoyed it (How can one enjoy anal sex which is an action of causing pain for someone?)! I as a male don't enjoy anal sex, because how disgusting it is.. Then again if you insist on watching, you may watch it up to 2nd episode no further.
TLDR: crap, don't waste your time. . I couldn't even get through the fourth episode, I thought the concept was fun but if you don't have any interest in guns then this anime is not for you.. . Honestly very boring with basically no storyline, it is like they wanted to teach facts about guns to people by connecting to a anime girl equivalent but I truly couldn't get behind it.. . I honestly thought at first that the anime was going to be about a shooting school (as in the sport) and not about anime girl equivalents of the guns going through school. It really disconnected me from the ...
Fate/stay night [Unlimited Blade Works] is an intricate and engaging story that captivated audiences through its extended television series. As someone who revisits and reviews anime on MyAnimeList, it's evident that the attempt to distill this rich narrative into a single movie has resulted in a lackluster experience. With a rating of 3/10, the Fate/stay night [Unlimited Blade Works] Movie struggles to capture the essence of the source material and falls short of the series' brilliance.. . One of the fundamental issues with the movie is the overwhelming sense of cramming. In an attempt to fit what the 25-episode series painstakingly built over time into a mere ...
This anime is… terrible. I’ve watched anime where the MC needs to overcome their self-perceived inferiority or work up the courage to progress a romance, a good example is something like “Real Girl/3d Kanojo”, but this is atrocious; the MC hasn’t progressed even a tiny bit towards personal improvement or making relationship progress, he just mopes about himself at every possible turn, and every opportunity he gets to make progress with Mie, he cowers away; it’s hard to tell if he even likes Mie or just worships her as a sort of “cute icon”. Overall, the romance side of this anime is basically none-existent, it’s ...
Have you read the manga? read it before reading this review. Have you read Berserk? do you know about Berserk (2016)? Search about it before reading this review.. I have created an account here on MyAnimeList just because of this abomination that is sorely called an "anime", imagine reading the most epic history in the world with artistic choices worthy of an award, getting hooked on it and then discovering there is an anime for you to watch, all those scenes come back to you as you imagine the thrill of seeing everything unfold with top-notch animation making justice to the beautifully drawn pages of the ...
Are You Actually Still Watching This?…. . Another day, another low-effort, low-quality shovelware light-novel isekai. Another medieval European-ish fantasy land with stat screens and video game levels that do not matter because the main protagonist is so overpowered. Another over-thirty-year-old man reincarnated as a child of nobility living the male power fantasy lifestyle he couldn’t obtain in the real world. If you’ve seen it once you’ve seen it a thousand times.. Well, that's not quite accurate. Haruto may have formally been a worthless shut-in who died alone in his bedroom playing a shitty mobile game, but now that he's reincarnated in a fantastical world with enough magic power ...
The Light Novel Boy is Unrealistic.. . Straight off the back of a Spring season with good, compelling romcoms ranging from a middle or high school setting to work/married life, we fall straight back down to the hell hole we call reality as we remember romcoms based on light novels still exist for some reason, and The Dreaming Boy is a Realist might be one of the worst light-novel based high school rom-com’s I’ve watched in a while, and that is really saying something.. . Our light novel protagonist is seen jovially by the people around him as a stalker towards his childhood crush, Orange Haired Tsundere, on account ...
Gotta say, the first season was interesting, watching characters that start with the relationship and then develop it was a new an interesting experience... but they making the exact same thing again.. common bro, they have been married for like a year now and they still act like they meet yesterday?, i wanted some MATURE progression but they still freaking embarrassed to hold hands or even touch each other at this point? just feel like a entire filler season to compliment just a little Tsukasa background story... what a waste, the opening was great tho, i really liked it, the design and quality havent gone ...
i watched it because i was trying to get back into anime after a huge "i hate weeaboos" break and i like vampires & mxm ships and i have to say, it was absolute ass. the art style is ugly and generic, the animation is 75% stills and the voice acting sucks. as for the story, the characters are badly written, the story is all just predictable power of friendship tropey bullshit. mika and shinoa were the only characters i didnt hate as much and they were just used as yuu's love interests. a total waste of time. i kept watching because i thought it ...
Ironic that its rating is currently 6.66 at the time of this review😂. . Dropped because of the drop of quality in animation, which somewhat reminded me of Nanatsu no Taizai's fail a few years ago. Especially Emi's very awkward grimaces when she's mad at Maou. Kind of the same issue with Ashiya, but that may be because he is overworked.. . Story/Plot may be decent enough to overlook the issues with the animation. However not as dynamic as season 1.. . Overall lower quality than season 1 in most aspects, but may still be enjoyable if you are a hardcore fan of season 1.
"The Reign of the Seven Spellblades" presents a formidable challenge for me to endure. Initially, I found myself captivated by the trailers and intrigued by its synopsis. However, the pilot episode fell considerably short of my expectations, although I believed it warranted further viewing. While the character designs generally met an acceptable standard, the dialogue, already noticeably tedious, failed to consistently engage me. Moreover, the musical accompaniment often failed to sync effectively with the prevailing atmosphere. This departure from ideal harmonization was somewhat anticipated for a debut episode, akin to the early stages of other animes I have come to appreciate, such as "Black Clover," ...
I wanted to like this anime. I really did. After watching so many new anime the last couple years that felt generic with cheap animation and boring characters.....I hoped that this anime would be a breath of fresh air. Weeeell........it misses the mark more than it connects.. . The animation quality is respectable. You can see a smoothness in how the characters move around in social environments or in fights. The art design for the characters are a mixed bag. Some characters have a generic look, but some look like the creator really tried to draw a unique person.. . For me, there are three critical negatives ...
One of the worst Isekais I’ve seen so far. It’s not just generic as hell, it’s massively triggering in how lazily it’s been written. All characters, including the main character, are but plot devices to move the storyline along and are completely devoid of personality. The only interesting characters are the slimes which are cute.. . He also uses his “strongest” spell 7 times in just the first 5 episodes and if you were expecting creative use of his sage skills outside of “fireball”, think again.. . The isekai genre is riddled with bad and lazy writing, but this one is particularly bad. However, if you are ...
This anime series is seriously just getting worse and worse. While the first season was kept interesting by a diverse cast of characters and interesting lore, the subsequent seasons have delved into nothing more than slideshows of fights, with most of an episodes time being taken up by over-exposition.. . There is little to no fighting in this entire season. Rather, it's a series of sequences where will do a single move, a second off-side character will go "what just happened" and then a third character will go "I understand exactly what happened" and then a flashback sequence will start about the origins of said move and ...
Here it is; another copy and paste trope-y Isekai series. I’ve come to loathe this genre and No Game No Life certainly didn’t help matters.. You got your stale horny virgin male protagonist that, even though irl is a worthless loser, becomes a king in a gaming world.. Now, I will say that the world, artistically, was tastefully done. The character designs are absolutely beautiful and the reason why I took an interest in this anime in the first place.. However, the pretty outer shells of these characters hardly make up for the hollow insides. Sora, the mc, is as I stated earlier, perpetually horny but ...
Yeah so basically i watched the anime when the first episode aired and 4 episodes later it didn`t interest me. Kenshin was almost at the end of the episode to deal with some shit. Yeah the Female was kinda uninteresting and annoying and that young side Character was just a little bitch. honestly maybe when the anime stops airing i`ll probably binge through the whole anime but for now i wll just leave this Review. Its just i believe at this time period the Story is outdated and didn`t age well. Unlike One Piece or any of the two in the Big 3, The Manga ...
One Piece is of the least enjoyable anime shows I have ever watched, or least it ended up being that.. (No story spoilers, only allusions to some events). . OP itself is a quite funny, sometimes pretty emotional, relatively exciting shounen show with a unique and sizable universe, even though the writing lacks oftentimes in terms of consistency in the characters' behavior, unnecessary asspulls, emotional manipulation by the author (e.g. fakeout deaths) and characters devoid of any interesting personality traits (mostly minor antagonists).. . My biggest gripe with OP has always been the longer arcs with drawn out battle sequences that last far too long and bear almost ...
The hidden dungeon only I can enter is without a doubt the worst execution of an anime which had a great sounding plot and synopsis that I have ever seen. It starts out with a really cool sounding idea, living in a regular world where people have to work really hard to obtain skills, beat monsters climb ranks in guilds etc... and someone can create, modify or delete skills, however this was entirely ruined for me after the first few episodes when I realized just how poor of an execution this anime was. I haven't read the manga so I don't know how good / ...
I dunno how this anime got so popular on release.. So basically you have a OnePunchMan protagonist but with a brain size of a pea in a Harry Potter setting (you have your typical characters of Ron, Dumbledore, Draco and Lucius Malfoy, ect... your broom flying lesson, the house selection hat, quiddich, Hogwarts and everything else that's not original).. This kind of concept already failed with Black Clover, having a protagonist being OP besides having "no magic", but somehow it fails even harder here, despite having to pass tests that require magic, the MC just breaks the laws of physics (which contradicts the challenge the anime impossed ...
SO, what I was saying before, on the plus side, the romance is CUTE, the art is cute, no denying that! If someone just want too see that side, go ahead, even if anyone ask me about those parts, I would say I love the art, I too watch and read stories with cute romance like this. BUT the fact remains that the plot is too raw and too unrealistic! Bye "the plot" I mean about a girl who has extremely bad eyes that keeps on forgetting her spectacles.. . The first and most obvious problem is the fact that the author simply doesn't understand anything ...
I will make direct anime criticism. The story is basically a beautiful and classic story. However, the story setup in the anime is very clumsy and cheesy. The drawings did not appeal to me. They may have made the drawings this way because they had to, so I think it would be unnecessary to say good or bad. I think the battle plots in the anime were so bad that I got annoyed watching every battle because the characters weren't allowed to do even the simplest moves. While the characters had great advantages in battles, the characters preferred to say cool words instead of ending ...
Watched it, stopped, then tried watching it again. Was looking for an anime that wasn't overly sexual and heard this show was really really good. Turns out that it's just average. I like kuwabara, and that's about it for the characters. Waaayyy too many fake out deaths, bullshit power-ups, and just filler. The animation is ok (a lot of re-used footage of the crowds). Has a worse soundtrack than one piece. I like hunter x hunter though.. . That's basically it. Will probably update if I finish the show. Oh, and I just found out that the series isn't even finished ffs! So, not only is it ...
Overall Impression: A convoluted plot, questionable designs, and a memorably terrible protagonist add up to make this one of the worst shows I've ever watched to completion. I don't recommend watching it, even in the sense of gawking at a car crash.. . Positives:. . + If you like goth twinks, there are a lot of them here.. . + The ED is pretty catchy, I guess.. . Negatives:. . - A stupid and unlikable protagonist. Officially credited as "Heroine", the main character of this reverse harem series is so unbelievably dim-witted that you will be screaming at your screen in frustration every time she puts herself in mortal danger out of sheer idiocy. ...
I admire shows that attempt slower paces, particularly anime since they tend to be energetic and eccentric. But for a slow pace to work, it has to have something that satisfies the audience to sustain them enough to keep watching. 5 episodes in and I've hit the limit on my patience; I'll continue watching at some point and give a full season review, but for now I have to recuperate for a while after being disappointed.. . The season's premiere episode opens with a whimper, which might be giving it too much credit. A new character, presumably integral to the story going forward, is introduced in a ...
A bite-sized slice-of-life series (3-minute episodes) about a high schooler living with his four sisters (one older, one a younger high-schooler, and two elementary schoolers), their parents being conveniently absent.. . Although it sounds like the setup for a cute series, Danchigai is ultimately disappointing. The humor is very thin, and it's rare that I ever smiled throughout the series. Don't expect clever writing either; the series is rife with cliches, such as characters putting food into their mouth and immediately going "OISHII" complete with obligatory sparkles, or the older sister seeing her brother and younger sister sprawled on the floor and immediately jumping to conclusions. ...
I am sorry to say that this is just an average show at best. And that's if you watch the sub instead of the dub. The voice acting in the dub makes a particularly bad experience. Almost everyone's voice acting is completely terrible. The Yoshis and Bowser are completely muffled and I can barely hear what tbey say. Luigi sounds bored. Peach's voice is completely laughable. This would have had unironic enjoyment if this was like a Real-Time Fandub video, but unfortunately that's not the case. This honestly sounds like all the voices were dubbed by one or two people on a 2001 iMac in ...
Elfen Lied was an anime that I watched about a week or two ago. I went in with low expectations after hearing about the reputation it has gained over the years, and though I don't believe it has swayed my opinion, I found it worth mentioning. I have heard criticisms for the longest time of this anime, which is what drew me to watching it. I wanted to know if it was as bad as I had heard, and now, I can confirm it is. Something many mention about this show is the overall vulgarness. ...
Wow! Watch this episode there moe cat girl is acting all entitled and pretentious, how funny and adorable!!. . Wow! Watch this episode there moe cat girl is acting all entitled and pretentious, how funny and adorable!!. . Wow! Watch this episode there moe cat girl is acting all entitled and pretentious, how funny and adorable!!. . Many shows end up suffering due to having shorter seasons, than needed, yet Jahy is one of those shows which would. have more likely had better rating if it lasted for shorter. As show only consists of one-dimensional characters reacting in the same predictable manner over and over in slightly ...
Not everything that is good is successful and not everything that is successful is good. This is something that we all implicitly understand, yet only a very few people actually believe. We all like to think that we are somehow different and our hard work will get recognized. But because the world is what it is, there are many great pieces of media that have simply faded into obscurity. The opposite is also true and, for some reason beyond my understanding, it seems to be the most common in the world of writing. There are many authors whose entire work can only be described as ...
The premise of this show is painfully similar to Akiba Maid War, so I can't help but draw some comparisons. In a nutshell, this show tries to distill otaku culture into something serious. Make something like having a hobby of collecting figurines to something comedically absurd, like starting a war between otakus and "normies." Similarly, Akiba Maid War turns the maid cafe culture into something violent, making it synonymous with gangs that kill each other in turf wars.. . The difference? While both shows are comedic in nature, Akiba Maid War keeps the theme consistent. This show throws away any consistency in favor of comedic absurdity. While ...
Evangelion, one of the most iconic and cherished franchises in the world of anime and entertainment, has left a profound mark on the hearts of its followers. Faced with the anticipation surrounding its latest movie, I decided to dive into it with great interest. Although I wanted to highlight positive aspects, I find it difficult to do so, as the movie seems to be a faithful recapitulation of the events from the anime, with some additional scenes and subtle visual improvements being the only "notable" changes.. . However, the narrative suffers being presented in a confusing order, making comprehension challenging. And while I know that the ...
If you are a hardcore Pokemon fan then you probably might like it. It has a lot of cameos from past companions and a lot of Pokemon also.. . However, as a decent story, do not waste your time with this show. Most of the episodes are filler with a few important episodes mixed in. Even in the more important, battle-focused episodes, the animation is super stagnant and slow. The battles hardly feel dynamic which is a shame as this is Ash's final season as the protagonist.. . If you want a deep story with great battles, look somewhere else.. . Family Guy has more fluent fight scenes than this.
- The mystery is good. - Everything makes sense by the end of the movie. - The animation is solid 7/10. . Other than that everything else feels outdated. It feels like watching a mid 2000s anime series. Unless you are a "massive" & "hardcore" Detective Conan fans this movie feels like a drags.. . - too many plot armor. - the bomb mechanism & explosion is not realistic at all. - Conan should have been dead more than 3 times. . Tho I admit, watching this movie while turning off your brains is pretty enjoyable. The mystery is fun to explore & pretty smart, but everything else is only fun to watch when ...
What's a better alternative title? "Wasted Opportunity" or "How not to adapt a series"?. . The "first" season of Horimiya was fine with the biggest gripe being that in order to cram as much as they could into a single cour they decided to not only cut content but then throw in an inexplicable time skip to the end of the season cutting out even more in order to jump to the end of the series and wrap it up for god knows what reason.. . At the time it just made no sense. It's not as if other series haven't just stopped at an ...
Well,i think i'm gonna go give it (6,90) for this anime ratings. But,before some MAL gangsters or elders account come to read this. That ratings just meant that this anime is only at 'fine' level and not good enough to be in 'good' level.. . Okay,moving on to story aspect. In terms of story, the development of the plot feels clumsy. Called broad development it feels too narrow and vice versa. The plot presented was rushed to completion at the end of the episode. I don't know, since what episode does the development of the story in this anime start to be unclear. In terms of characterization, ...
Death Note has only one season, but it seems to be split into two different "series". From episode 1 to 25 it is an excellent series, great story, good plot twists, with great characters. Some chapter lowers its level, but it´s good. From episode 26 to 37 it is absolutely the opposite. It costs too much to watch the episodes without wanting to turn off the TV. It no longer contains anything that one had been seeing. Is it one of the best anime? I think no, it is not. Is it a series to recommend? I would not do it.
Level 1 Isekai Rubbish.. . If you thought there was enough light novel isekai garbage about reincarnated death-by-overworking office employees already airing this season then sorry, Japan doesn’t give a fuck about your tastes. Eat your My Unique Skill Makes Me OP Even at Level 1 slop you disgusting weeb pigs!!!. . What's that? Another Dragon Quest-like medieval European-ish fantasy world with levelling systems and skills? Check✔️. Hang on, are you telling me the protagonist is level 1, but he has a cheat skill that the story has to bend over backwards to explain why his skill makes him the strongest tosser in the room wherever he goes, ...
I'll make it short.... . I started watching this anime as soon as it was coming out and I stopped watching it, after some years, now that the world is gladly doing a lot better (at least for most people) I rewatched it and remembered the exact reason as to why I stopped watching it in the first place.. . The story isn't bad, it's your typical isekai but it isn't bad for one the major problem is, for me, it's the blatant pedo vibes from the main character and the flatout gross and over-exaggerated ecchi. I am not that bothered by ecchi in general as long as it's ...
its a nice anime about baking and stuff, but it's got some issues, especially in the second season. Like, sometimes it feels extreamly slow cause of filler episodes that don't do much for the story. Some characters, like Ichigo who was a typical shoujo mc who sucks at everything and can only eat does get somewhat better, and can i mention Henri-sensei who is this master baker, he is supposed to be mysterious and elusive instead it comes off as creepy until you know his motivations but anyway others don't change much and remain 1d and the plot can be kinda predictable. ...
This is the worst anime I've ever seen. It's about people fighting against each other except when their spine gets broken into pieces, they not only survive, but start walking the next day like nothing happened. Also, they all refuse to kill each other, which backfires every single time and it just pisses you off as a viewer. Overall, it's not entertaining at all...Let's be honest, It's trash. Just because I say that doesn't mean it isn't entertaining. It's trash but in a good way. If your looking for a action anime with good plot/story and animation, this is not it. Its worth watching because ...
All in this anime is cringe.. . Characters are average or useless, but the worst of this show is without a doubt his main character, Kanou Shinichi is weird like i never seen this level of cringeness.. The plot just make no sense, the most of this anime is about ecchi and integration of characters listed as " loli/Half-elf/werewolf ect." placed here for making ecchi/moe scene.. I'v never write a review on MyAnimeList before but for the first time i really can't understand the good reviews about this show.. And i have seen a lot.. . I totaly can't recommand this useless wast of time.
There is a saying in my country that something is a "shit in golden wrappings".. This is perfect example of that sentence,the gore,atmosphere,overall "creepyness" are perfect,but "the meat" of this anime is just bad.. The sheer amount of stupidity of the characters is overwhelming and it goes way beyond your usual "dumb teenagers in a horror movie".. The next issue is the pacing of the anime,its WAY too rushed,i havent played the game and for most of the time i had no idea what was happening and how and why.. If you like gore you can give this a watch but tbh just save your time and watch When ...
Animation and songs are nice.. . Characters redesigns are fun, but you won't know their personalities unless you watched Love Live Sunshine!!.. . Story beats are a remix of Sunshine!! in worse : girl in small town doesn't think she's special but turns out she's the most special one of them all for... reasons. She met girls who became instantly her friends for... reasons. She struggles because she feels she has to do it alone but turns out she doesn't have to. The end.. . Genuinely speaking, it doesn't have the heart you'd find in SIP or Love Live Sunshine!!. The character of Yoshiko / Yohane who could be ...
While somewhat of an improvement on the first part, this conclusion to the story started a whole 9 months ago still does not come even close to the standards of the early seasons of this show.. . The decision to split this in two still baffles me as Part Two certainly does not offer a complete package. What you are getting this time is 50 minutes of Tristan, Lancelot and Meliodas battling waves of demons and the culprit of the attacks Deathpierce. The story in this part is essentially meaningless as the action really is what you are here. Unfortunately though, the continual use of subpar, ...
This show blows. I don't give a shit about any of the characters or any of the story. I would give this a one if not for Urushihara, he is the literal one interesting thing about this season. The story is fairly non-sensical and is just more "devil/angel things happen on Earth for no reason". The characters are their same tropey selves, and only little bits of changes occur in the final episode, without spoiling, that just recontextualize characters rather than develop them.. . . The devil is as well rounded as a piece of cardboard. I've seen about 600 characters written the same way as Emi. Chiho ...
Kaguya: Love is War is the product of training a GPT-3† model on the corpus of anime and manga, then asking it to generate two of the most basic tsundere (Kaguya and Miyuki) characters available and a deredere (Chika) character. These characters can never act like real people or else the only thread holding the plot together, that both Miyuki and Kaguya are too prideful to admit they like the other, would immediately collapse. Chika, effectively an agent of chaos, is Schrödinger's idiot: she is simultaneously an expert and utterly incompetent at reading emotions and superficially dumb while being an expert in many things.. . Both Kaguya ...
This show was KyoAni being late to the “chick teams up with detective boy” fad. By the time it was out, people had lost interest in Shana clones and thanks to Bakemonogatari the bar for supernatural mysteries had gone way higher, while KyoAni had been reusing the exact same moe archetypes in all its shows. This is not enough to make Beyond the Boundary a bad show, but rather one with nothing to go beyond the boundary of mediocrity (yeah, bad joke, I know). It came out at a time of saturation, when light novel adaptations about some dorky boy teaming up with a cute ...
i have no words for this anime. it is a unique experience for me, as i have never seen like this one before. every episode took me by surprise; pure holy shit expression is all i can give. thanks to the "pass the baton" scene and, it was clear to me that the whole thing really is a cycle - like it's a punishment for the white angel. all in all, this anime is exquisite and totally worth the watch (especially for those who have unique tastes), but unfortunately not recommendable as i seriously think that not many people will get it and will just ...
I have genuinely impressed myself writing something so long for an anime like this, and resorting to so much profanity, but lo and behold: this is what Kokoro Connect does to a man. If you're in the mood for riding a shitstorm, get ready because this is gonna be a big one. Spoilers for the entire anime ahead, though trust me, you're better off this one. If you want a spoiler-less TLDR, read the last paragraph.. . So, Kokoro Connect. Despite its efforts to bring out something convincing, like seemingly solid characters and a decent story setting, this anime unfortunately ends up in a fucking disaster, to ...
Before this anime was out a lot of fools were defending it as amazing because of nostalgia, even though the trailer was nothing but bad CGI and the material it was adapting was nowhere as good as the one from the 90s. Boy, did they regretted being positive about it.. . The 90s Berserk is the best dark fantasy anime of all times. The 2016 version on the other hand is yet another dark and edgy mediocrity with cancer CGI, awful directing, and terrible sound composition. You cannot watch 5 minutes without spotting a lazily made scene with bizarre camera angles and effortless lipsync. When Guts hits ...
Notice: This review covers both seasons of this anime.. . Tokyo Ghoul was one of the most hyped titles of summer 2014 but it quickly proved to be far weaker than what its first episode promises. It starts off as a psychological thriller about the main character suddenly turning to a man eating monster. His freak out was done masterfully and you were made to think the rest of the show would be a constant internal struggle between his human and monster sides. Maybe he will accept it and go on a murder spree or maybe he will find a way to control it.. . But nope, turns out ...
I liked the first movie well enough. I can't say I liked this one. It carries over the visuals of the first movie, has some excellent fight scenes and some cool new tech, there are some interesting dynamics to the missions, we get some new characters that warrant some attention, more characterization for those that die so it doesn't feel like just fodder, and... that's about it.. . I think the first movie worked well because it felt like a personal fight between two fighters in a distinctly impersonal battlefield. This movie introduces more complications, including a cult that feels half-baked and only gets some explication in ...
This interesting vintage animation was confusing to watch Firstly, there is a shadowy opening that reveals a puddle being crossed by different kinds of wheels and shadows of various shoes. Then the next scene features a playing card, the spade, competing with the heart card, but ultimately overpowered by the club. The club then proceeds to attack the spade and wins the heart. I won't be able to tell you the point or plot of this animation. I don't recommend this one unless you're curious about how animations were in the 1930s. It's honestly confusing and boring but it's only four minutes so it ...
Just a short review cus I don't like Vanguard anymore. Heck, the whole show is a so bad that this small review is enough to roast this bad anime.. . Story 1/10. . The story is of little to no consequence. Some kid gets bullied, gets his favorite card stolen and then uses card fighting to get it back. Suddenly the people who bullied him become his best friends and he's no longer the loser of his class. They especially note this in the second episode where they point out that before he had his card fight, he was a ridiculous loser with no friends and never talking to ...
Had to stop watching because I felt so uncomfortable to the point where it felt like I was breaking a law by continuing to watch. Don't get me wrong, I'm not the squeamish type in the slightest but you can throw enough taboo topics in succession at anyone and it will make them feel uneasy if they have any kind of a soul. If you want a guilty pleasure edgy anime (or not guilty, hey I'm not judging) Just go with happy sugar life. Shit was absolutely vile but at least it followed a somewhat cohesive plot. In comparison this is just unbearable. It just ...
This will only make sense if you have not watched this movie yet.. . In case you have read TCTriangle's review already, you will not find much new information here as that review (the spoler free part) is a very good summary of what I was feeling about this movie.. That being said, I did decide to reinforce it and make sure anyone going through reviews here understand it is not an isolated opinion.. . I really enjoyed the entire V.E. story, it is very well written (I am only familiar with the animation version of the story) and that made me even more surprised how hard they dropped ...
You ever had the experience where you sit down next to a stranger and he then stares at you, tells you about his deepest fetish fever dream as if he seeks your acceptance, only for you to end up feeling extremely creeped out? Thats essentially this anime in a nutshell.. Its simply a juveniles biggest fetish fever dream turned into ridicules display of the creators smug self-satisfaction.. . First episode starts strong and leads the viewer into a false sense of hope, the anime essentially starts with preview of what it could have been, but instead we are completely rick-rolled after the main character Cid is isekai’d ...
Long story short, the animation studio did the author dirty and the anime should have been of a higher quality. That is why if you initially thought the stories were decent at first but, comes off as spookier in its original manga format or even retold as a campfire story. If you want to support Junji Ito I would suggest purchasing his manga instead of watching this poorly made adaptation. As another anime connoisseur once said, ("Junji Ito's manga has a unique black and white style to it in the physical manga that cannot have the same effect when you read it online or even ...
After watching for the first few episodes, I can confidently say that this anime is basically softcore version of Testament Sister of New Devil and Hybrid × Heart Magias Academy Ataraxia. Both of the anime that I mentioned above are bolder than this anime, so I personally enjoy that more than this anime.. . For example, in this anime by doing kissing already can make the heroines more powerful, compared to HxH Academy Ataraxia where the heroine must be in climax to get more powerful.. . If you enjoy that kind of anime where the heroines must power up by doing ecchi things with the MC, I recommended ...
Out of the five music videos released to celebrate TOHO Animation’s 10th anniversary, I found Neko to Wakai se na (AKA Don’t Reconcile with Cats) to be the weakest entry. It lacked considerably in the animation and music departments and the video’s plot was a bit of a miss. I do admire that they hired voice actors for a 5-minute-long music video though.. . STORY:. Before I talk about the story, I just wanted to say that this is my interpretation of what happened in the video. Due to the absence of a synopsis and subtitles for the video, I’ll try my best to explain what happened in ...
I’ve had my Netflix subscription for about 4 years now. One conclusion I’ve come to during this time is that a marriage between anime and CG would lead to a very toxic relationship. And when you have Netflix certifying said marriage, it will lead to a bloody godawful divorce with no one winning anything substantial in the divorce proceedings. This has been evident in a vast majority of CG anime till date with no such anime becoming a commercial or a critical hit. Unfortunately, Yakitori continues this trend.. Yakitori is a 6-episode anime adaptation of a novel series by the same name, which was written by ...
I remember liking this anime so much, but the game is just so much better. My Danganronpa phase went hard af tho.. . Story feels kinda rushed. It's only 13 episodes and one game of Danganronpa should take a lot longer than that. The game helps you get emotionally attached to characters after a long period of time, but this ones just like "BAM now that guys dead!" Plus it takes away all the fun of solving the case. Cases like Trial 1 was fun in the game even if it was obvious, you still had fun minigames to play during the trial and finally figuring ...
What a disgusting journey, if you like cancerous weak characters who don't fight back and get thrown around like a bag of garbage, while also having the character build up and personality to fight back go ahead and watch this.. . -Candy at the start seemed like a tomboyish character who is not afraid to speak back and fight back, but then out of no where she gets bullied and rolled around by a woman and her 2 demons, and doesn't lay a finger back, not only that she also clearly had the option to go back to Pony's home at any time at the start but ...
Liar Liar, sounds like a good show about deception right? Except it isn't. Because the whole premise is about cheating, and not even in a smart way. Let's begin with our main character.. . Our main character is secretly a very intelligent person, like Senku from Dr. Stone, and uses subtlety to... I'm kidding, the main character is literally just a background character. He has no special ability and basically beats the end game boss on his first day through sheer luck. And through a series of convoluted reasons, she and him now have to keep up the mask that he's actually a really great player. ...
TLDR version: This film was less 'love story in Kyoto' and more 'mediocre sci-fi fanfic'. Everything is half-hearted in this show.. . Long version:. I was so excited going into this film. Seeing the Kibuneguchi (貴船口駅) sign set me off, and I knew it had the makings of a beautiful, heartfelt anime... good looking characters, a colorful craft / souvenier shop set in the heart of Gion... what's not to like? It's got the recipe for the perfect love story in Kyoto, and (almost) everybody loves Kyoto. Except that this film wasn't so much about 'love story in Kyoto/Japan' as it was 'mediocre sci-fi fanfic.'. . Things they should've improved ...
my opinion on “kimi no na wa” „your name”. i wont be making statements on what exactly happened in the. anime, as that would spoil everything.. . watching this was like watching paint dry.. . . i watched this with my friend, but let me get to the point.. . - to be honest people might hate me for this, but this anime was very bad.. ...
As a long time fan of the Resident Evil/Biohazard series, I can say this movie was average. If you just want to see your favorite characters do cool stuff, ok sure watch it, but if you're looking for an actually good entertaining story, it's a pretty big dodge. If you've never had contact with the resident evil series, then don't even bother watching, because unlike past resident evil movies, this wasn't very entertaining. . Enjoyment: the most important factor. I don't mind a movie with a stupid plot nor other bad characteristics, as long as it's fun and keeps me entertained. Was this movie fun? Hell no. ...
I’m Not Paying For This Service.. . I know I’ve thrown the insult “made by an AI” around a lot in my reviews lately, however, more than any isekai heck, more than any anime I’ve seen I don’t think I’ve ever watched an anime where it feels like it’s been AI generated on every level.. . It’s another story about an overworked salaryman dying from overworking and getting reincarnated into yes, you’ve guessed it, a medieval European-ish, Dragon Quest, light novel fantasy land with levels and status screens which won’t matter in the long run. Here he learns to become a healer by sitting in his room and ...
~ My Tiny Senpai is a textbook example of why drama requires motive and conflict to thrive, and what happens when they aren't there. The characters never have any explicit goals, and the resulting story feels aimless and monotonous.. ~ This is the most generic slice-of-life anime I've ever seen. The protagonist is an unremarkable everyman, the female lead is lovable and buxom, and the two have clichéd romantic encounters where they start blabbing about how embarrassed they are over nothing. There is no thematic hook or selling point to this anime; what makes this show different from every other workplace anime?. ~ The character design is ...
was Decent till the last episode. Can't even get through 3 minutes of the 2nd season without being pissed off. Just one of those anime that starts good but ends up crap. Also the CGI was meh at best and horrible at worst. I never really liked CGI in anime in the first place though so take that with a grain of salt. Also the MC is the least memorable person of the entire cast. He was so dull and boring and just would Ex Machina out of ever situation. If you wanna watch a ...
What a disaster of a show. There's a story potential somewhere in there but they make sure to step in every trope puddle on their way of achieving absolutely nothing. And they want to make this show be so many things... harem wannabe, mecha wannabe, issekai wannabe, military wannabe... and they fail with absolutely every single one of those desires. Whole thing is held by spit and glue. Mecha part is boring at best and only happens once in many episodes. And give me a break, kids in military trying to talk as cute as possible while all of them being girls. Then out of ...
I feel obligated to state firstly that I have read Kouji Seo's previous series Suzuka entirely as well as a pretty sizeable portion of the kinda-sequel Fuuka. So understand that I get it with his style of storytelling.. . That said, this series is something that I could only recommend to someone who LOVES the completely insane nonsense that Seo is willing to shove into his works to the point that they dont even care how the story justifies the madness. I felt that there was at least SOME attempt to justify the wild moments of Fuuka, but this show seems to lack any of the same ...
It's Just waste of time.. 5 episodes in and we barely moving forward with the story, episode 5 the MC out for 3 minutes! And half of the episode is just 2 dude's talking about Pride.. The Pacing is Horrible, for 12 eps per season anime.. Character? Cringe, they keep praising the MC Like there's No tomorrow, they have no other personality other than to praising and fall in love to Pride (The MC name), seems the author or script writer self insert them self In this story.... And The characters name Giving the vibe of "Yes, I do read dictionary!". I mean seriously.... Pride?, STALE, Tiara. And the Royalty or ...
I was expecting some amazing mind chess, but a got a sad attempt at that. Yeah, I've watched a lot of psychological anime and I can tell you this one does not compete.. . Story - 3. The story is a basic high stakes game premise, and is basically like squid game except for it is a group of friends and not a ton of random people. The story has two big problems though. First, the pacing. The first game is over very quickly, while the second game goes on for like 6 episodes. Think about that, that is the length of a movie for just one game, ...
Honestly, I came into this expecting a trashy power fantasy and was disappointed. I watch a lot of Isakai and I enjoy all the tropes and cringe that they bring to the table; this is because Isakai is the Mcdonald's of anime genres, you are going to feel awful afterward, but it is just so good while you consume it. By the third episode, almost nothing of note happens, and by episode seven I was just floored by the sheer lack of substance. Even in bad Isakai, something interesting happens by the end of the first half. this isn't just a bad Isakai, it's a ...
Lyrical Nanoha ViVid: "Special Program" is essentially a fancy name for a recap episode, and the "plot" and any other expectations you were hoping for begin and end there. While it's pretty interestingly sorted separately from the rest of the season, it leaves one wondering if there was genuinely no better time or way to do this, since the recap leaves much to be inspired. Unfortunately, there aren't any real new insights on the characters at all, and the only thing that's "new" is that Vivio and Einhart seem to be voicing over it.. . Since I've already voiced my problems with the recap itself, I'm ...
Seven spellblades is... quite a few orders of magnitude short of measuring all the edge this show wants to have. Yet with all that edge there are almost no good points to be found.. . If you came looking for a good anime Harry Potter with swords I can at least guarantee you most of that statement is true, just not the "good" part. The show is every bit as shallow, cliche, and needlessly grimdark-edgy as one might expect any random mid-late 2000s Harry Potter fanfic to be. In fact I would honestly be more surprised to learn that this show *wasn't* actually just someone's Harry Potter ...
I'm very sad with the current adaptation of this series. I've read the original source material (the light novel) and it was very intriguing and informative as it actually delved into the history, costs, mechanism and detail of unique and unconventional vending machines around Japan.. . That was the CORE of what made the series fun to read in the first place, learning all about what the author went out and researched to share with the audience so that one day they themselves might have a chance to try it.. . They also completely skip over hakkon's inventory management/coin management details, how he gets his upgrades/when he upgraded (except ...
---Original language: Portuguese--- ---Additional language: English---. . English: Of course at some point I would have to talk about my uncle's isekai, but unfortunately it's not all good news. And I unfortunately I dropped, I know that watching only 3 episodes is not enough to evaluate, but as a lover of isekai I come to position myself. I don't think the anime is bad, it comes with a good premise and different from the others, not trying to copy but doing the reverse but usually humor anime is not my style. Maybe in the future I'll finish, just like Vinland Saga. anyway, not to be unfair the anime gets the ...
One Piece is a show that explores a futuristic version of humanity, it chooses to explore the "Worst" state of humanity's evolution. it's a really interesting concept, one that isn't explored as often as it's counterpart, as most futuristic shows lean more towards the optimistic side of things and all the accomplishments humans (can) achieve in the future.. . The show manages to have the most bleak, grim and tragic atmosphere i've ever seen. throughout this whole series, nothing good happens. or maybe the things that happen are good, but the way i interpret them is not good? the show explores multiple ideologies and beliefs and showcases ...
As you can see, I dropped this anime after watching the 4th episode, and I'll try to explain the reasons why I can't recommend watching Devilman : Crybaby.. . . I'll go straight to the point, if I had to describe this anime with two adjectives, I'd choose shallow and edgy.. . . Why does it feel shallow :. . The rhythm isn't good at all, and you'll understand that directly by watching the first episode. This anime is about the story of a boy that transforms into a devil, but it's so weird that this transformation happens litteraly after the first 10 minutes of the first episode. The problem ...
The Girl I Like Gave Me Motion Sickness.. . The Girl I Like Forgot Her Glasses is another mediocre slow-burn middle school rom-com that ordinarily would’ve scored around a high 4 to 5 out of 10 if made by any other animation studio. However, we live in a bad timeline where studio GoHands exists. A studio that has made it their mission to make as many people violently vomit by watching their anime productions as possible.. . The girl sitting next to Protagonist-kun in class is visually impaired to the point of blindness without her glasses. Glasses that Main-Love-Interest-san forgets a lot to make a story happen. ...
Food sculptor, aka pâtissier, dies crushed by his own creation and reincarnates into a magical world, where he will realize his pastry dream by becoming a super magical being... wait what? No, no, he will realize his pastry dream by becoming the village's general... and defending it from a bandit invasion?. . I though this was going to be a show about pastry, food, and maybe some magic, but if they cant stick to their own themes not even for the first 3 episodes, i guess they wont hold up any quality content through the rest. Not only that but the completely unrelated parts to the theme ...
Premise: A girl is ousted from and treated like a servant by her family, after her mother dies and her father marries a new evil woman. The girl is ruthlessly mocked, shamed and abused by her new family for her entire youth, particularly by her step sister, before she is married off to a supposedly abusive guy, who turns out to be a really swell fellow [What a twist!].. . It didn't bother me that the family was comically evil, unlike some other reviewers - that's fine. But was it necessary to hammer the point home for three episodes straight? At least approach the abuse from ...
This show is torture porn. Every episode is an attempt to one-up the last, with more and more horrible things happening to the cast, even as they slowly ruin the main character until you can't stand to watch either him or the show.. . This show could have been really good, with its fairly unique and dark plot. What kills it is the main character. Imagine Evangelion's Shinji, except that in addition to being a pathetic, whining idiot, he's also a (literally) raging asshole who wallows in self pity, demands everyone do what he wants, and then screams and insults everyone when he doesn't ...
I have read, watched, seen, listened, played many media.. But this one is probably my most hated.. I have seriously never had any piece of media anger and frustrate me so much between all the boredom (which makes the majority of the run-time).. Fuck you, elfen lied, my all time least favourite piece of media and I hate everything you stand for.. . Watch for episode 1 if you enjoy scenes of mook massacre, but there is absolutely no reason to watch the rest of it.. The mystery is garbage, the main character is in an incestuous relationship with his cousin, and the story revolves around amnesia plots.
So i went in thinking that this had an interesting concept and that it maybe it had a bad rating because it was like an isekai or something like that, i was wrong. The rating in this situation does not lie (it's below 7 rn). The show isn't that good and mind you this is coming from someone with a lot of tolerance for bad and bad-ish anime.. . The show even though it has an interesting concept it lacks in a bit of everything. The main cast feels bland, they don't have that "real" feel to them, the story is only a little better than that ...
even though the first 1 hour long episode was fantastic (with it having a great turning point and shift in mood) the other two episodes have terrible pacing. I was excited to see a deathnote-like cat and mouse intellectual chase, but after the next two episodes that seems to not be the case. it's more about the industry than the actual revenge plot, which i wasn't too sure if i'd be happy viewing.. . episode 1 makes me think it would be a breath of fresh air for the 2023 animes that are all the same, but no, it's pretty much generic. i don't feel like i'm ...
This anime is nothing more than vampire FAN FICTION and just like most stereotypical fan fiction, it is VERY BAD. I do NOT recommend watching this. 3/10. . . ----------------- PROS -----------------. • The premise of this story is somewhat unique. Sure, there are several other vampire anime, but it's not a very common genre compared to superheroes, romance, or slice of life.. . • The action scenes are also pretty decent. It's usually fun and pretty creative, and they come regularly in almost every episode.. . • The world is somewhat interesting. Steampunk Paris with Vampires and an Alternate History Storyline. The writing uses a lot of fancy words ...
Tate no Yuusha Season 2, unfortunately, fails to live up to the expectations set by its predecessor, delivering a lackluster and disappointing experience for fans of the series. One of the most glaring issues that immediately stands out is the animation and character design. The lack of facial expressions makes it challenging to connect with the characters emotionally, hindering any attempts to understand their feelings or motivations. Whether it's anger, joy, or sadness, every scream feels indistinguishable, further dampening the impact of critical scenes.. . The show also suffers from inconsistent character development and shallow storytelling. Characters flip-flop between sides too quickly, making it difficult to believe ...
Suki na Ko ga Megane wo Wasureta (The Girl I Like Forgot Her Glasses) is by far one of the few anime that would make much more sense as a 12-minute episode format. There is simply not enough content to extend any episode to 24 minutes and this cannot be stressed enough. The main character has a multitude of dialogues about the sentence he is going to say before he even says a single sentence out loud. To that end, he doesn't even finish his sentences half of the time due to nervous rambling/stuttering. Either that or he backs out of saying anything like he ...
This anime is basically a child's imagination. What I mean by that is you know how children try building themselves up in their own heads? Like, " I'm the strongest, most powerful person in the world and I'm also super cool and everybody likes me and tells me how cool I am, and I got really pretty girls and also I'm super rich and awesome and nothing bad can ever happen to me because I'm the best." the only reason why it's not a one to me, is because the animation is pretty beautiful. the story is not unique by any stretch and if you ...
As a girl, this has to be one of the most awful shows I have ever watched.. . Imagine you are a girl, and you get a kazuya living next to you, going to your school, can't get over his ex, black mails you to continue being his gf, all while being so spineless and worthless that he let's a literal bug walk over him when he needs to do any amount of push back when it actually matters.. . This would be any girl's nightmare, which this show, with its obviously written by a guy narrative, doesn't seem to realize and thinks is funny.. . Not only ...
Note: I'm writing this with the assumption the reader has finished Tetsujin 28-gou 2004 before watching the movie, so spoilers for the show are going to be mentioned a lot.. . Yasuhiro Imagawa is a legend among mecha fans, the combination of his strong narratives and love for classic old school robots lead to his reboots of old properties being considered on par if not superior to the originals, and his 2004 version of 60s anime Tetsujin 28-gou is no exception. By combining a magnificent retro aesthetic, epic orchestral OST, a likable cast with great chemistry, solid character development and strong thematic writing, it's easily one of ...
Do I REALLY have to explain why this is some of the most appalling shit out there?. . You're either one or two people here:. . 1. you're a disgusting human being and I feel like I could stomach the dirt beneath my feet more than I could of the existence of someone that actually enjoys this shota.. . or 2. You're here to make a meme review because you think its funny or because you watched this awful shota out of pure morbid curiosity. . Please do NOT watch this shota AT ALL if you value your life. It's such a waste of time and honestly one of the more gross ...
Last episode: pretty good. . Rest of the show: not so good. . Honestly, they needed more fanservice. Like the soypoint "oh wow that's so wacky but cool" kinda fanservice. I know it's adapting source material, but like, for a sidestory, man could they have made it more indulgent.. . I couldn't tell you what happens in each episode. There's basically kid Megumin, school, hot springs town, then starting village. Nothing that happens in each one matters. I wonder if this prequel is even required watching since it doesn't look like the villains are reoccurring. Anyways, it's been such a long gap since the original I don't remember it. Skill issue ...
Mou Ippon! is a pretty generic sports anime. It doesn't try reinventing the wheel, but nothing is necessarily wrong. It's just that not a single aspect of the show stands out, and thus becomes highly mediocre. By playing it safe, the show suffers.. . The problem is that this show has not a single thing that draws the viewer in. Let's first talk about the sport itself, Judo. Usually, when a show regarding a sport shows up, it should at least give a tutorial on the sport; the rules, how to play Judo, and stuff like that. This show doesn't do that. Okay, fine, but will the ...
I was honestly here for the fight scenes and the animation. It was just a pleasure to watch but not much else to be honest.. . Storyline is giving very cultish vibes and is just not really interesting and there doesn't seem to be much growth both in characters and fighting skills.. . Any level up is just something they are born with and unlock and I really hate when people don't really earn what they have. If that is the case they should at least have to work hard to master it.. . Show had nice animation and hype but no substance.
Usually, I'd put a anecdote here to embellish the review and catch your attention, but honestly, this show doesn't have a single appropriate line worth mentioning.. . Suki na Ko ga Megane wo Wasureta (or SukiMega) is your average rom-com highschool anime meant to soothe the souls of those who watch it. It's about a certain middle schooler who has a crush on the girl who sits next to him in class, but guess what? Her eyesight's bad, yet she keeps forgetting her glasses! How moe!. . Look. This concept *could* definitely work. On its own, it isn't a bad idea at all, but how this show handled ...
This is only a warning and nothing more:. As of episode 5 the production value overall takes a nosedive, and it wasn't what you would call good before. It comes to a point that there is a character on first plane with their hands like they are catching something but there's nothing there, and this goes for several seconds (10+).. I have watched many anime but I don't remember seeing something so obnoxious as that before, and to be honest even disrespectful to the viewer, like is there even a basic quality check prior to shipping this?. Maybe go check the light novel if you liked the premise, ...
The Anime is basically how Women think. The problems and inter personal relationship they face are not complicated or serious, yet they portray it as veeeery complicated, they show as if there is a problem in stupid and casual scenarios. I definitely do not recommend this anime to anyone. 10 billion percent bullshit. Please watch some psychological thriller or something else instead of wasting your time in this bullshit.. . This anime will be definitely sympathised by most women because stuff they talk about are definitely the kind of topic my mother shouts about all day to my father.. . The art style and character designs are fabulous and ...
Have you ever watched a trash anime?. . One of them would be definetly this. So NOT Worth your time. Even though I watched it for free, I felt like I have been robbed. No interesting story, plot, any kind of average intellectual level of conversation between character and of course no interesting character. So boring. After 4 Minutes of timeline from 1st episode, I just spammed my right arrow to skip the bullsh**. Its not like its my first garbage anime. But still I had to write this.. . Anime productions should stop doing this kind of garbage. Its definetly not gonna last. So that means ...
I finally decided to watch this show, after years of seeing it get highly praised by the community, and i am pretty disappointed.. . -Plot: Angel Beats is a show that in 13 episodes tried to do what not even a longer anime would be able to. Watching the series felt like getting bombarded with new plot points and plot twists almost every episode, just to then resolve them quickly and never talk about them again; this anime had so many chances of getting more interesting, but it seemed to just have an adversion against going deeper into world-building and actually explaining things that otherwise just make ...
This anime is somewhat enjoyable, if you had never seen Monogatari and are willing to overlook how nonsensical it is. That said, regardless of my mild enjoyment of it (blame Shaft for not putting out any Nisin stuff), I'm giving it the lowest possible rating. For plagiarism.. . Nothing about this anime is either original or logical, most characters and setups are bland rip offs of Monogatari's, with small twists and differences to avoid the obviousness of what the author has done. The biggest, perhaps, stride for originality, is that the supernatural aspects of Monogatari were replaced with quantum physics, which would've been a curious approach.. . If it ...
Overall [4/10] :. . Despite overwhelming hype and comparisons to AoT, 86 disappoints with its lack of captivating elements. The characters are one-dimensional and boring, embodying tired anime tropes and failing to evoke empathy. The world-building feels underdeveloped and uninteresting, with only basic details provided, leaving the audience yearning for more depth. The plot's potential for intrigue is squandered due to poor pacing as well as intriguing premises being explored in an unsatisfying manner. Despite commendable art and animation, the overall impact remains forgettable. The attempt to evoke emotions through cheap tactics falls flat. While the sound design and music shine, they can't compensate for the anime's ...
It's a pretty bad anime mainly because it's poorly written. The characters are so flat in personality, very common personalities with nothing unique about any of them. All the important characters instantly becomes friends after 1 episode. The main character Oliver is also pretty dumb for how smart he's portrayed at. For example, he would say something like "don't let your emotions control you" to one of his friends. Yet, the literally in the same episode do the very thing he said was dumb to do. It just gets annoying when nothing any of the characters do make any logical sense. The story following ...
I set out on a quest to watch some of the worst-rated anime on this site to find if they're so bad they're good, a misunderstood masterpiece, so bad it's bad, or an absolute dumpster fire. For this first entry, I'm for this saga is Psychic Wars. My Brothas and Sistas in Christ this is probably one of the worst and most boring anime I have seen to date!!! For the first 4 mins I was like "This could be good.", but after the one doctor got attacked by a chest-burster face hugger vigina lookin' ass thing, It quickly derails and kills everyone aboard the ...
Time for Another review of a P.A. Works show that I absolutely despised that was equally beat to death, this time attempting to do a horror series and resulting in one of the most beloved unintentional comedies of all time within the medium, that nowadays is remembered as a better Mayoiga, a title that was almost universally mocked to death and that I didn’t watch because if this is supposed to be the better version, why bother with the other one?. . Anyways the studio definitely delivered with the visuals in some regards and didn’t with others. The overall artwork is clean and consistent with no major ...
story 3/10:. first of all, when i read the synopsis of the anime, i thought it could be a good shounen anime, but for me it was bad from the first episode. the entire time i watched it, i was so annoyed that the anime was trying to impose something on me "gabimaru has no feelings, sagiri is a female executioner, they go to find a immortality elixir (they don't even have any conclusive proof that the immortality elixir is there)" yes it's been mentioned many times, we get it, we're not dumb. i couldn't really feel the characters and the fight scenes started to get ...
I finally let my morbid curiosity get the better of me into watching this, and by God it was so much worse than anything I could have imagined.. . This thing is an enigma, paradoxically both terribly rushed speeding through plotlines and character "arcs", yet painfully slow dragging on and on with nonsensically forced drama. The only glimmer of enjoyment I got was from the occasional cameos of the good characters, but even then those only left me wishing I was watching another season about them instead.. . Milky Holmes had no third season. For your own sake just leave it at that.
I don't know who this will get to, and frankly I cannot be assed to write a well-thought-out review on this dogshit OVA; but please for the love of God, just PLAY THE GAMES. Emulate the PSP port or buy the 2008 PC port on Steam. This OVA is not worth your time.. . This "adaptation" rushes through the entire game's plot just to get straight to the gore and boob-groping fanservice (some of which isn't even in the games?), completely taking out all development the characters go through, blurring their connections with each other, and taking away from any actual artistic merit or message the games ...
The story and pacing are what ruined it for me. It's so generic I felt nothing while watching it. All that was happening was flashing colors and the most by the books story. I loved black clover and was excited about this movie, but it was so bad I could barely watch it. The story is just a plot you've seen a million times. There's nothing special about this. This movie is worthless and never justifies its existence. All it does is flashy fight scenes with no reason for them. Very predictable shonen plot. Nothing about this movie is good. A horrible experience. For ...
I remember when I began watching seasonal anime and this show was hailed as one of the best and most recommended ever. Now it stands in a weird status, as it’s remembered as the best not KyoAni Jun Maeda show after the two huge flops he would make later, yet for the same reason seemingly nobody goes out of their way to recommend it. I’m glad it took me so many years to write about it because if I had done it back when I delved into it, it would have been one my most rage fuelled reviews ever, since this is easily one of ...
Selfish and egocentric characters, making us question, "Why do they have to be like this?" The worst part is that the story seems stagnant, as if it will never progress, even though it has potential and some interesting plots here and there that could drive the plot forward. However, the author chooses not to move forward, and when making an effort to develop something, they end up creating simplistic topics that contribute little to the progression of the story. The characters become extremely monotonous and repetitive: the protagonist carries a constant philosophy that he maintains throughout the entire anime, as if it were an absolute ...
!!English is not my first language so excuse my grammar!!. . The first couple episodes were funny and exciting but then when later in the anime it began getting extremely boring. I dont know why i think its boring but it was kinda the same again and again and again. Nothing but these random fight scence that took way too long and them speaking nonsense? I think this anime just isnt really my taste which is also why i wouldnt personally recommend it. But i am sure that alot of other people enjoyed it alot. I also thought it was pretty annoying how there were no emotions. ...
This show can't decide if it's about lonely individuals finding each other and becoming family, or if it's just a cooking appreciation show.. . Based on the premise, you'd expect that this show would focus on interpersonal relationships and the difficulty of single parenting. But, the show ends up spending a lot of time on particular dishes and making them.. . This would be perfectly fine if it really focused all of its energy on the food aspect, like "Restaurant from Another World" or "Campfire Cooking in Another World" (huh a lot of food isekai...). . But even when the characters are cooking, many shots are devoted to the characters' ...
A school that that has a foundation of quirky contests/games? This sounds great as a description. After all, I REALLY enjoy Classroom of the Elite (a serious anime). I also REALLY enjoyed Baka and Test (a really funny anime). How could it go wrong whether this new anime was to be serious or a comedy, right?. . Wrong. It is neither serious nor a comedy..... nor is it really anything at all..............At least not anything done well.. . I know that there has only been 3 episodes thus far, but that's more than enough time to sink the hook into the viewer. However, I'm a fish not fooled by ...
The characters are bad. The character is too good. They're not good. They're bad. Has flaws no strengths and bad. Not well-rounded. Others might enjoy/dislike this series, even if I didn't. Bad anime. I don't recommend. Please don't watch.. . Please don't watch. It's bad. It's just so bad. I wasted my time watching. It lacks direction. There's no clear goal, no driving factor for the MC's actions. His motivations are not clear, even in the novels. I say, it is worth watching. It is one of the few harems that actually go for a harem, and if OP protagonists are your thing it has a very ...
Amazing and very Strange yet fun narrative with characters that feel real and learn as the show goes on…. But that’s only if you get past 60% of fan service not accounting the scenes that are Story relevant.. I enjoy the story and the chracter interactions and the world building is unbelievably great. But this show suffers from being targeted to weirdos and its destroying the impact of its hard hitting moments, so something very disappointing for someone who loves the idea of the show. I believe this show has the potential to be a must watch hit but the constant change you see the ...
I really really tried y'all. But this anime simply is NOT for western english speakers. It looks nice, characters seem cool, but this one simply ain't for us. It is such a Japanese-dialouge based show with such specific language and culture references. And no, neither sub NOR dub with help you here.. To be clear; I don't think this is written badly. If you can speak Japanese go ahead I legitimately think you'll love it.. . Rating if I was Japanese and understood the complexities of their language and got all the culture references: 10/10 I'm sure.. Rating if I was white boy from Australia: 4/10.. . Also, heard it gets ...
The art continues to be phenomenal. Now that that's out of the way:. There are three huge issues that are not-forgiveable with both this season AND last season of Demon Slayer.. . 1. Fights should not legally exceed 5+ episodes. You cannot simply carry the momentum that far and keep topping the last move which was allegedly the strongest (it wasn't).. . 2. You CANNOT take a 20 MINUTE PAUSE, MID-FIGHT, to tell us the backstory of the person who is fighting. TELL US BEFOREHAND. I DONT CARE ABOUT THIS PERSON NOW. TOO LATE. NOW YOU'VE RUINED THE PACING OF THE FIGHT.. . 3. This is an anime classic.: the deus ex ...
< Concise review >. . Oftentimes, when the shows average score highly disagrees with the reviewers, it's the sign of a misunderstood anime. MAL ratings are notoriously unreliable.. . However, when it comes to idol anime, this is generally not the case. If anything, you should be even more skeptical of a show when you see this pattern. The producers of idol themed anime know full well that the idol fanbase will gladly eat up poor writing, lazy direction, and cliche ridden garbage so as long as it includes some cute girls singing while wearing cute clothes. Unfortunately, that's exactly what Lapis Re:LiGHTs is. This anime is nothing ...
Let me get it through anyone reading this, I usually don't write reviews or something like that - but this anime made me question my insanity, for a degenerate idiot like me who can enjoy both types of shows like "Monogatari" (an objectively good show) and "Isekai smartphone" (an objectively degenerate show) for what they are, I just have two questions,. 1."Who was the target audience for this anime?". 2. "Just what the hell did I watch, and why did the animators not question the script at all". . There was a time when I truly though the animators had to go through insanity after I watched "the ...
This ova is dumb as fuck, and I know that’s a strong and harsh way to begin a review but I find no other nor more appropriate way to sum it up. The premise has a woman paying a private investigator to find her criminal husband to see him one last time, it’s sentimental but also kind of cheesy from the get go. At least the pacing is not bad, since even though the protagonist is seemingly fooling around, he is getting close to people related to his target and gathering information about him, that way he also comes to learn stuff about him, and ...
First of all, ill give some context to my love of Dragon Ball. I can say this confidently, and I would put money on it that most UK people on here, who are early 30s, wouldnt be on this site without a littlle channel called Cartoon Network and a little show called Dragon Ball Z. So many days spent rushing home from primary school to 'tune in next time on Dragon Ball Z, being 9 or 10, seeing Goku winding up the spirit bomb and watching him unleash it when i was 19.... I joke.. . Ultimately, im a massive fan of Dragon Ball. Even GT ...
"BOFURI: I Don't Want to Get Hurt, so I'll Max Out My Defense. Season 2". . Genre- Action, Adventure, Fantasy, Game, Comedy.. . The 2nd season of Bofuri starts right where it left us. From introducing many new levels to different and much stronger bosses, this 2nd season brings you even more action and thrill in the world of "New World Online" and particularly in the "Maple Tree" guild.. . While the main story sticks to its basics and delivers the punches we are looking for, this season lacks the excrement the prologue had in terms of an overpowered MC, a surprise element like the ones we used to see in ...
Usually, I try to praise any work I see, but unfortunately, this anime is just, bad. There is no arguing about it.. . Animation & Artstyle: 5.5/10. The art style is actually pretty decent, nothing jaw-breaking but it has good details, and I like the character designs, plus the contrast is actually pretty good compared to the pastel colour grading that other otome game anime usually have. But, the animation is pretty bad; The choreography makes the characters stiff, especially in fights, and the cinematography is quite plain as well.. . Sound design & Music: 7.5/10. The overall sound design is rather bland, but the soundtrack is actually ...
As the newer Baki seasons released they have been become more and more of series told almost entirely through a narrative. What do I mean by this? With every fight or a particular event there is always an narrator over explaining it. Where this move came from (which isn't always bad), why he did this/that happen, what are we viewing, etc and this happens constantly. And honestly it just gets played out. The fights scenes are really mediocre and you always wonder if Yujiro is going to do something. I watched this because I watched the other Baki series and from a true anime fan's ...
I have seen every single episode of the ryo ohki ova series up until this point.. . I turned it on and had no idea what was going on or who was even talking and what they were talking about.. . What is happening? Who is it happening to?. . AND WHY IS EVERYTHING BEING EXPOSITED WHILE SITTING IN ROOMS DRINKING TEA INSTEAD OF JUST SHOWING IT HAPPEN?!?!!!!. . ...I get the idea from reading other reviews that maybe this is only supposed to be taken in if you have read the supplemental material outside of just the anime series(s). If thats the case, its just a terrible show. It ...
My review of this anime will be up to the recently released episodes, without spoilers. Visually speaking, the anime is beautiful, the characters have beautiful features, even the details of the scenery, clothes, objects are well done. However, the story is somewhat without emotions. We have the protagonist who won a red star and needs to lie to maintain his status and wins everything based on Cheating, and this same protagonist is in search of a girl that is important to him. But those who watch this work see little charisma of the characters and even little emotion in the course of the chapters. And ...
Trying to gain sympathy by showing unadulterated misery.. . Nuance be damned, the MC is perfect and all her oppressors are remorseless evildoers motivated by nothing but twisted psychopathy. They make Miyo wretched even when they don't gain anything from it.. Her dad doesn't necessarily dislike her, yet he's perfectly contempt letting his family turn him against her. What a joke of a supposed leader of the household in this supposed patriarchal era of Japan. This show doesn't even have the decency to be consistent with itself.. She also loses the only person with whom she has good times. I wish I could elaborate, but the anime itself doesn't. ...
I would be hard pressed to manage to spoil this show by using words since really nothing happens. Granted I have watched only four episodes, but even that's three more than I should have. So story is non-existent, at least until now. Things do happen but there's no theme other than him training, which coincidentally is almost never shown.. . Speaking of not showing things, animation is very lazy. Every episode is filled with static dialog images with only mouths moving in as fewer frames as possible. Sometimes it's even still images with some lens flare added on top of it to hide the fact half of ...
Although rare, Masaaki Yuasa has some misses among his works, and Kemonozume is one of them. It was the only important show of his left for me to watch and I was surprised with how bad it was, considering he made it between Mind Game and Kaiba.. . The premise isn’t very captivating, it’s Romeo and Juliet with human swordsmen and monsters, that’s it, and I couldn’t even buy the way it’s presented, I don’t believe in love at first sight, attraction? Sure, but love? Nah, which is why I never bought it in fiction either. It’s even harder to accept it in here because the ...
The Light Novel Boy is Unrealistic.. . Straight off the back of a Spring season with good, compelling romcoms ranging from a middle or high school setting to work/married life, we fall straight back down to the hell hole we call reality as we remember romcoms based on light novels still exist for some reason, and The Dreaming Boy is a Realist might be one of the worst light-novel based high school rom-com’s I’ve watched in a while, and that is really saying something.. . Our light novel protagonist is seen jovially by the people around him as a stalker towards his childhood crush, Orange Haired Tsundere, on ...
See that galaxy liquid the guy to the left on the poster is holding? Yea that shit should be the main character as much screen time and character development it has.. . Edit: looks like they made a new poster. the old one is under the pictures tab.. . This anime is boring, meaning the pace is slower than my moms hyundai. I can only imagine he's gonna be a great healer at S3 if we are unlucky it gets another.. . Characters: MC flimsy, His teacher is the brawny old adventurer, and uhm yea the rest kinda comes and goes so you dont really know more than these 2 maybe ...
The show is basically about boy who is obsessed with a girl and is vey vocal of his admiration of her (bordering stalking) but it's alright because it's anime, anyways one day he decides to stop bothering her and cheer for her from a distance. Apparently she doesn't like that, which is confusing because she's turned him down so many times and finds him annoying. That's basically the plot but I think we should really question why she all of a sudden likes the ML now that he's no longer stalking her. FL seems to be tsundere and although I'm not a huge fan of ...
If you're expecting fivehead level mind games, stop right there. Because of its appearance, Liar Liar gets compared to No Game No Life and Classroom of the Elite a lot. This is the last time it should be mentioned together with these two. I also have no idea why the title is identical to a famous movie. Seems like a big marketing mistake to me.. . The main premise is interesting. A supposedly ordinary guy coincidentally defeats the "empress" (the red head) and must continue pretending to be some big shot to keep the lie going. Too bad that it totally butchers everything else. The sequence ...
I wanted to try this movie since forever, all those reels keeps me attracted so i gave it try.. . First of all, plot is weak. Started pretty normal and after first part of movie it all goes down. Mc girl is afraid of taking action, always giving up before she even give it a try. That attidute hurt her love, mc guy and had negative impact on whole movie which wasnt great. Most of movie she was undecesive, then she singed all of sudden, and then screamed and cried for rest of movie.. . Mc guy is in love with her and giving it all to make her ...
A Story of Boredom and Whining.. . I think I’ve become desensitised to the action genre of anime that try to pull inspiration from or feel like an outright copy of Naruto. The story of an orphan boy with a secret power he can’t control, but makes him potentially the strongest or/and the most special magic power boy out of all the magic power boys, and who also has a dead dad who also had magic powers and was the strongerest out of all the strong magic power people has been done to death at this point, and Ayaka: A Story of Bonds and Wounds doesn’t bring ...
One of the first animes I've ever watched as a little girl. I'm not completely sure who recommended this anime for me, if i remembered i would punch that person, but it was a adventure for 12 years old me.. . The story is kinda confusing and can be very boring for someone who's already 15+ since the story is pretty much about the male leads bullying the poor girl.. . Talking about the characters, when I was younger I was obsessed with them but looking back I need some a psychologist lmao. The art is really beautiful and I love the details between each one of the ...
I gave this story a 5, but I can't really recommend it. Because the anime is just kind of about nothing. The central conflict is about who the mc does or does not talk to. mc talks to some girl, they discuss something, and then the trivial issue gets solved.. . What is there to even say about it honestly? The characters aren't all that annoying but aren't interesting either. The biggest appeal factor of the story in the manga, the mc's inner thoughts, were removed.. . If you wanna watch this, I recommend expecting absolutely 0, bc that's what you'll get. No laughs, no smiles, no tears, at ...
Girls fall over for no reason. Breasts pop out for no reason. People slip and get on top of each other for no reason. This anime gives Looney Tunes a run for its money. I understand it's ecchi/harem but anime has evolved enough to tell decent stories even while having ecchi/harem and fanservice elements. It's disappointing when a series recycles the elements from things that aired two decades prior.. . Art/Animation: 9/10. First of all, the art for this anime is great. It's saturated, warm, and every character has vibrant hair colour and hairstyle. The temple scenes and background are also detailed and drawn well. Since this is ...
(Preliminary)-This show is really hard to get. I am only on episode 5, but the show is one where I am not excited to watch it. I am trying my absolute hardest to get into it, but the show and the animation style pull me away. The story is not one that grabs me yet. Of course, I am going to watch it till the end, and maybe my opinion will change as a progress, but I am almost halfway through I have been trying to watch the show since January, and I just cannot get into it. Plus, musical anime and Iyashikeis, in general, ...
You Say Garbage. . My Hero Academia continues its quest to systematically murder the battle-shounen genre in its 4th installment, which promises to be more epic than any that came before it. Can it end its previous seasons' trends of never developing its secondary cast in any meaningful way, making its characters mary sues, never giving enough time to important events, and using one repeated piece of OST to cover for its lack of substance?. . Nope.. . To elaborate:. . The overhaul arc happened. And when it happens, oh boy does it happen with a whimper. It wasn't like the show had built up a reputation for delivering on hyped up characters ...
Call of the Night is one of those shows that the more you experience, the more you realize, how freaking horrendous it is. I am a manga reader, and I am an anime watcher. Albeit a year late, I am still here to tell you why this is such a monstrosity that I think it is. All aspects of this shows aside from the style are something I just can not appreciate. In my opinion, this garbage is one of the worst if not the worst coming-of-age stories ever.. . The Call of the Night's plot is terribly predictable. Nothing in the anime surprises or holds ...
God, what a catastrophe!. . I've seen some not-so-great isekais, but this takes the cake... The chara design is really ugly, the characters as stereotypical as possible, the plot as devoid of adventure as ever, the fan service completely forced, the ultra-powerful character destroys all interest in the fights and the only theme of the anime by making him super handsome, and so on and so forth.. . Really, this anime consists of one long, embarrassing eulogy for its protagonist, once he's gone from unsociable obese to ultra-sociable handsome, THAT'S IT! And at this level, I don't see what interest there is in it...
Since I am quite the foodie myself I was happy to see a new anime that centers around food, in this particular case baking.. . A world renowned patisserie dies and reincarnates into a world that for some reason names all its people after baked goods. Fine and all, but that is basically all you can expect to see of any form of baking in this anime.. If you want to watch a very generic isekai show be my guest, but if you want to watch a show about baking this is definitely not for you.. . A shame really, I was so excited to see a twist of both ...
Dreaming Boy is a realist may seem promising based on its colorful cast of characters and interesting premise, but dont't be decieved, this is another romcom that has to go into the trash.. Story: 3/10. This show meekly attempts at creating character drama through uninspiring, substance less, excessively long dialogue, and these after mention drama are resolved in a very underwhelming and predictable manner. The show also tries its best to convey "deep" messages about love and friendship and what not, but this just makes conversations choppy, unnatural and hard to digest. If this show was written by a 7-year old learning about philosophy for the ...
- 3 episodes in this new season and all episodes are flashback, started without any setup, we don't know who is telling this flashback story and whose perspective are we watching.. - There is no suspense because we know it's a flashback.. - The plot isn't moving anywhere for 5 episodes (from what I was told).. - We see characters from the movie, so people are expected to have seen the movie to care, I didn't see it and couldn't care less about any of these characters except for Gojo (who we already know is fine in the present time).. . You know what this is like? it's ...
I firmly believe that anime can make any boring sport fun to watch purely based on good storyboarding, pacing, story, and character development. Golf is no different, and while I saw a little bit of potential in Birdie Wing's season 1 despite giving it a 6, that all came crashing down in season 2.. . See, a good writer would be able to make golf interesting on its own. No unrealistic techniques or no drama, just rivalries and competition between spirited high school girls in matches that seem high stakes due to the tension of a golf swing, the trepidation that the opponent will catch up with, ...
Overall summary. From storytelling prespectives, it is great at the start but I do not appreciate any form of cliffhanger in any story. I understand this anime just a promo for LN but at least put some teaser or breaker episode at the end.. . Story. The story is quite good.It keeps me entertained enough untill horrible cliffhanger at the end. Thats is my only problem with the anime.. . Character. Typical weak and cringey male MC that past his best time paired with OP waifus.. . Art. I dont worry too much about art when it comes to anime except kid type stuff.
Incredibly average. The action scenes are fine, but average. The charactr detail is average, and while some backgrounds are decent, it's otherwise average. The characters have fairly little depth, but at the very least are somewhat likeable. The story has a decent premise, but most of the 10 episodes feels like filler to, in otherwords not much of the story events really seem like they make any progress towards fulfilling any goal. There is some world building, but with what little we're given they can literally make anything up and it fit the world they've created. Pacing is fairly slow, but events happen at a ...
This show is very bleh. I dropped it after the first episode. I know, I know, we are supposed to give animes 3 episodes to make a decision, but the first was a movie, so I feel like I got a sense of what it was like. It felt like a netflix anime, which isn't a good thing. Period anime that are based off real eras but add fictional elements walk a very fine line and this was does not do it well. Its sad, I was really looking forward to it and the premise looked promising. It is just not my kind of show. ...
It's average. The whole plot baseline (so far) does not work. Nearly every comedy scene is based on the crush of the mc forgetting her glasses (Who would have thought). Her eyesight is so bad that she doesn't even recognize people actually really close to her. If that's the case, no person on earth would ever forget his or her glasses. Never. This fact alone irritates me so much that I can't enjoy the show (I see that another explanation is that her glasses break, but that's not enough. At one point it is made clear she has contacts). If the explanation "Yeah that keeps ...
I can't believe I wasted precious hours of my life watching "School Days." This anime is an absolute disaster from start to finish. It's an insult to the genre, offering nothing but a chaotic mess of poorly executed storytelling, unlikable characters, and disturbing themes that left me feeling disturbed and disgusted.. . To begin with, the plot is an utter train wreck. It starts off as a typical high school romance, only to devolve into a convoluted and nonsensical series of events. The protagonist, Makoto, is nothing short of a spineless and indecisive moron. Instead of being an engaging character, he simply goes around playing with the ...
Generic.. It got no major downsides, but there is nothing outstanding about it either. The world building is pretty much non existing and the characters are a bit stale. Its almost like a parody of the generic ecchi fantasy anime with an overpowered protagonist, except its not really funny. A casual overpowered protagonist has been done to death already, but the way this title does it is especially cringe. Or maybe I'm just jaded, who knows.. I'm sure some first time anime watchers will find some entertainment value in this. The characters interact a lot and the art is passable, sometimes good. There is a lot ...
Not an anime to watch if you have past issues with forced non consensual intercourse.. this anime has some good plot pullers, but its very difficult to watch at times, i watched it once because a buddy suggested watching it.. but i'll never watch it again in the future, and i love rewatching short animes all the time. but this is not one i'll rewatch.. art style and music were good for an anime of this time, definitely on par with other animes of todays day and age.. character flaws were definitely discussed in great detail as the show focuses on past trauma and revenge.. story was definitely unique, and ...
if you see one episode, you’ve seen them all.. . A story of revenge featuring an afro-clad Samurai (voiced by Samuel L. Jackson), the number 2 warrior, who must defeat the number 1 warrior that killed his father for that title. The animation is fast paced, features graphic content, and overall nice to look at, especially for an early 2000’s anime. The voice acting is good, and features an all star cast. With only 5 episodes, it is understandable that the world and characters are not very complex or fleshed-out, however, it still seems as though the goal was to be bad-ass, as opposed to delivering a ...
Period drama anime Game of Thrones. If you like show where there is nothing but sadness and depression, along with a boatload of slightly dull political intrigue this is for you. It doesn't have quite the amount of violence and rape as GoT, but it's not far off.. . My biggest problems were it's failure to have a fixed central narrative, in particular it's insistence on being weirdly historically accurate in this alternate-history story. I'm still clueless as to what the premise has to do with any of the story. For the majority of the story the patriarchy is in full control and it doesn't play with ...
Super generic and bland. . World building:. doesn't really exist. . Plot:. the real hero defeated the bad guy and is now attending a school for heros in the making.. . Character development:. the main character is already maxed out and doesn't struggle. The side character have generic struggles that are solved by the amazing MA with ease.. ...
I usually don't write review on here but this animé was so egregiously bad, boring, and bland that I just couldn't let this one slide. If you want the full details, feel free to read my review below because oh boy, we're in for a wild ride for this animé and why I rated it so low. I gave it a 3 out of 10 for good reason.. . → Story:. . The story kicks off with the main character, Yuri Honjo, who is supposedly trapped in a bizarre world full of skyscrapers where the objective is to kill or be killed. There are these enemies known as ...
"NieR:Automata Ver1.1a" is not bad, just DISAPPOINTING. I'm a huge fan of the "NieR" universe and this show made me feel LOST too many times (and not in the good way...) There were some episodes that did GREAT things with the lore (spoiler alert: A2's "origin" and those promising glimpses of Replicant) and THAT IS what this show should've been: a COMPLEMENT to its source material, NOT an intent to tell its story in a WAY shorter and less complex form of media. "Is this for newcomers or veterans?" I wonder, because I can't see myself feeling satisfied as any of them. Art and animation ...
Season 1 offered us an exceptional experience, with incredible openings and endings, and high-quality dubbing that added even more depth to the characters. The animation of the fights was beautifully done, and the battles and wars were closely tied to a story of revenge, promising a perilous journey towards a utopian destination: Vinland. We hope to see this explored further in the following seasons. In summary, Season 1 presented us with a captivating and successful set of elements.. . However, Season 2 is a disappointment in many ways. The absence of fights, battles, and wars has taken away the very essence of the Viking world. Instead of ...
"This anime's title might lead viewers to expect a thrilling series of adventures in the depths of a mysterious dungeon, but unfortunately, it's quite the opposite. From the early episodes, it becomes apparent that the word 'dungeon' is merely a misleading facade, a tempting bait to attract audiences seeking captivating explorations and puzzling mysteries to solve.. . Instead, we are immersed in a narrative that seems more focused on social interactions and relationships between characters than actual expeditions. While some may appreciate this aspect, those expecting genuine dungeon exploration are likely to be disappointed. The few moments when the protagonists set foot in a dungeon are quickly ...
I am deeply disappointed with this series, as I find it lacking in originality and innovation. The eight episodes are perfectly identical, which is simply unacceptable, as it leads to a frustrating and uninteresting waste of time. I had hoped to see this second season fully explore its potential by delving into more diverse and captivating subjects.. . Unfortunately, the content offered falls far short of my expectations, squandering the promising potential of the series. There were so many possibilities to explore for this second season, but the choices that were made turned out to be entirely pointless and disappointing.. . I want to emphasize that my comment aims ...
Has great animation, great music but nothing more. It started out amazing and I believe it has one of the best first episodes of all time. However after the first episode it falls short on everything. It went from an interesting revenge type of plot to a horrible harem fanfic and no it does not portray the entertainment industry in a good way the writing is very poor and the characters are shallow, very annoying and boring.. . Overall,. Animation and Art: 10/10. Music: 10/10. Characters: 2/10. Story: 4/ 10. . I don't know if the manga gets better but the anime as of now feels boring and ...
most overrated show ever. one of the worst i have watched.. the only good thing about this show is perhaps the animation style, drawings, and OSTs but that’s about it.. i finished an entire season and a half and the characters are as interesting as a brick wall. it’s one thing to not know much about a character’s history or background (totally understandable especially if there aren’t too many episodes) but it’s another when you aren’t able to describe your main character’s’ personalities into any characteristics: only meaningful scenes we have of scenes relating to this is of eren screaming and crying uselessly, mikasa saving him, levi’s ...
This show is such an abysmal artistic failure, you’d think it was directed by Ikuhara.. . The horror is Five Nights at Freddy's tier, meaning it literally just isn’t horror, but something that exists for middle schoolers to pretend-scream at in order to fit in with their social group.. But then the horror is embarrassingly poorly mixed with comedy, resulting in one of the most tone-deaf and jarring stories I’ve ever seen in my entire life. It’s not even something hard to do right, Another demonstrates how to successfully mix horror and comedy. Hell, even Blood-C, if you interpret its over-the-top gore as intentionally comedic, does a ...
No Game Zero Life.. . Imagine if you will No Game No Life, but only the protagonist cheats instead of everyone exploiting the ten absolute rules of the world in creative, subtle and ingenious ways. Imagine No Game No Life where all the characters have been dumbed down to the level of morons just so the protagonist can appear smarter like in Classroom of the Elite. Imagine the first season of Yu-Gi-Oh where rules can be made up AND broken at any time. That’s Liar Liar. A convoluted mess of situational conveniences and contrivances.. . Set on a fancy high-tech island academy (like Classroom of the Elite) where the ...
The original Macross anime was a unique show that delved into the profound themes of intergalactic discovery, mutual understanding, complex character development, and the struggles of humanity's survival. However, this movie seemed to have lost sight of the essence that made the series so special, as it turned into a mere two-hour advertisement for song albums.. . One of the most glaring issues with this adaptation is the rushed and haphazard storytelling. The rich character development that made the original anime so compelling is completely lacking in this movie. Many characters seem to have lost their significance and screen time, leaving the audience disconnected and unsatisfied. The ...
I must say this anime is not bad. But I'm little bit disapointed... I can't say that the anime is boring but it's only entertaining. I really like the first season and the second seemed to be good as well. So I'll say what's wrong with this anime.. . It keeps repeating in many alternation 2 things:. 1) Science is the best and deal with it!. 2) Killing people and dying people is unacceptable!. . Those two messages are not correct. It's too optimistic and science can't do anything. I must also say that there that this anime is quite original as UTOPIA. There is no way that someone could die ...
Short hypnosis hentai without a plot, few characters (three girls of varying degrees of lousy), mediocre animation. Title for one time.. . This is hentai hypnosis - it's good I like hypnosis and a broken mind, but there are no interesting, complex psychological delemes here. Dude with hypnosis and girls with big tits and the interaction between them. There is no plot, they forgot to add it. . it's vulgar and tasteless, there are many alternatives in a similar setting, it's much more interesting.. . There are few characters, three girls look like each other just with different skins. The animation is normal on the one hand, but on the other ...
Remakes without any creative liberties apt for the times, no matter how small, are just cashgrabs reliant on nostalgia. One can see in the countless remakes in Hollywood without a soul. And Rurouni Kenshin remake showcases the same. This is an insult to the original not only for those who watched the original but also newer people getting in to this in 2023. Urusei Yatsura remake was so much better as a remake. UY remake wasn't as good as it's OG but the remake did it's own twists and unique production.. . Rurouni Kenshin remake is not only a blind copy, it's actively worse for 2023. ...
4/10- Would give 5-6 if all the things below are intentionally done like Eminence in Shadow. This anime offends me with its averageness like Saiki K loves staring at that most average guy in his school. Everything this show does, it does by the book, as if it aims to be the middest of mid consciously. Good to know the technology is there now to input some character archetypes, plot skeleton, color filter and a Computer will massvomit such generic content. Finally able to finish till ep3 on my fourth attempt. Before this, my brain made me wash dishes, clean my room walls instead, rather than ...
Pointless spinoff where 'actually the bad guys were good the whole time just misunderstood!' like a bad YA novel. Image a Dragonball spinoff but Goku was Evil and Pilafs was good and Mai's gran-daughter had to kill Goku or something. The series was mostly filler and most of the budget was spent on the final episode.. They forgot about the dead mom catalyst until the last 20 seconds standing over her grave. . Why was the main cast constantly naked including the 9 year old?. What was everything washed out and shaded with a black gradient?. Why were we supposed to care about any of this?. . I don't know
When I read this synopsis, I thought this was going to be some cute, wholesome romance, but it is not. The show is an utter mess. I honestly think this would’ve been better had they just made it a straight hentai because there is really nothing to the story. I found myself confused through most of it and disgusted. The most entertaining parts were the Stick Figure puppet shows, but the rest of it was just cringe worthy. I hardly know anything about the characters besides the main girl being the most white piece of bread to ever exist, and the main guy the only ...
I was wondering if Uma Musume's formula was starting to wear off on me while watching this. I mean, admittedly it probably is since it still follows the same beats, moods, writing, and racing "twists" as the first two seasons despite the new main characters. And while season 2 had this same problem after watching season 1, the difference there is the high highs that ultimately made parts of it very emotional and memorable. While Road to the Top certainly has emotional moments, they didn't reach me.. . The MAIN main character, Narita Top Road, is the strongest of the main three thanks to her emotional struggle ...
At the 3rd episode I rated the show as a 7 with mixed feelings. As of episode 5, I have to lower it to a 5 and not recommend. Modified review below. . I thought the description of this anime was right up my alley and I thought it would be a nice change of pace, even something unique. Why unique? Whenever an anime character(A) likes another anime character(B), they do not give up their crush until they "lose" to a rival in love(C) or unless some huge life changing/world changing reason.....until now. I like the idea of a character that is willing to think, "I've had ...
Liar Liar is about someone who goes to a special school where everything is settled through games and defeats the highest ranked student on his first day. But secretly he isn't as great a player as everyone thinks.. The Title of the show now comes into play, as the protagonist and the girl he defeated are both liars. And because of the nature of their lies they have to work together to conceal them.. . While this may sound interesting, make no mistake. Liar Liar is nothing special. The animation quality is OK at best, the characters, aside from maybe the protagonist himself, are little more than the ...
I feel almost obligated to begin my review with this simple statement: Attack on Titan is absurdly overrated. There, it’s done, and now I can get on to explaining the very many reasons why.. . Art/Animation: – So the animation is top notch. Yay 2013. Definitely this anime’s strong suit, probably this anime’s only strong suit. The characters were well drawn, and well proportioned. It is worth noting that even secondary, and tertiary characters appeared well designed (as opposed to some anime’s where the character’s detail is a direct correlation with the size of their role). The city was amazingly ...
The first season of Tokyo Revengers was a real smash hit as in a shallow mainstream anime once again- the worst anime to come around in the last few years for me. When you have a show that you find yourself thinking about at other times during the day, you know you've got a bad one on your hands. That really has fallen apart with season two, unfortunately.. . There were two key points that made season one what it was: the characters (with a notable exception we'll get on to shortly) and the storyline. TR opts for the 'large cast' approach which, when not done right, ...
This is not the same anime from season one. It's almost as like they didn't know how to end it so decided to combine two seperate ideas: one which I'm sure your familiar with: hero school. Learning to use your powers and overcoming obstacles. As well as something more sinister and mature. A world that's in constant danger that tackles psychological topics. A world where the characters go through life and death situations only to end up losing, again and again.. . It's almost as if now Izuku knew how to use his quirks they didn't know how to challenge him and still keep it interesting. They ...
Bleach is the ultimate delusion. You may take a look at the average rating for this show and think "Hey, this show must not be that bad. I'll give it a watch." I am posting this review to warn you ahead of time: those reviews are not for Bleach in its entirety. Let me explain.. . I, like many others, got hooked by Bleach in its first season. In fact, I should state now that if you're only interested in watching the first three seasons you'll probably come away feeling pretty happy. Up to that point, the show is stellar. It's fast-paced, full of interesting characters and ...
Okay, here is why Eva is bad. The anime was made for people who hate themselves. Now that is out of the way the actual review is at the bottom.. . Story. Neon Genesis Evangelion was extremely popular in its time (some would say, it still is) and I believe the main reason for this is its captivating storyline. While the idea of humans riding around in giant robots wasn't particularly new when it was released, with series like Gundam and films like Roujin Z preceding it, Evangelion does successfully bring new ideas to the "mecha-table". We're given the impression right from the very first episode that the ...
In my opinion this is the weakest season of MHA so far.. . Boku no Hero Academia 3rd Season. . And here we come to the point where MHA, unfortunately, announces its downfall. Here the viewer again becomes terribly aware of how generic this series actually is and how little value is placed on variety and creativity.. -Don't get me wrong, I'm still a big fan of the series and love every single episode, but you can't ignore something like this.. . This season begins with a training trip into the wilderness, so that the students of classes A and B, find out their own strengths and try to compensate for ...
This is simply not Gundam. It goes against the philosophy of the franchise. I wouldn't even come close to going into this thinking that everything else is like this. It's a huge wall you're going to hit if you started here and want to experience Gundam in all its glory. This is just a boring Yuri. The wicks don't matter at all.. . It's if Disney bought Gundam and ripped it to pieces. Do yourself a favor and watch the other series and skip this series. The story is boring, the characters the same. The animation is not bad and neither is the soundtrack, but what they ...
The animation holds this entire show from being well below average. If I scored it just on characters, story, pacing and what I would give it in terms of enjoyment, then it would be a 3.80/10. Even adding the alright voice acting and soundtrack that would only bring it up to 4.45/10. The animation is decently fluid in action scenes. There are some really good looking scenes and some just okay looking scenes. There are some decent backgrounds and the character detail is typically very good and clean. Characters have some depth, but we never focus on any one character for too long. That, plus ...
I'll make this short.. . The characters arent develloped enough and the relationship between them lacked a story. The movie just throws you in the narrative right at the start without context and the rest just goes wayyyyyy too fast. And the time skip DID NOT help. How am I supposed to encourage two guys I don't even know? The random bits of backstory are...kinda forced? No the WHOLE relashonship of the movie seems forced.. . This is the kind of movie that would need a 12 episodes anime to truly enjoy the story. The art is great and the characters also seem great...it's sad that they were wasted ...
Dear lord.... Who is this anime for, really? If ypu didn't play the original visual novel, that this anine is (kinda) based on: I strongly recommend you skipping this obe and go play the game instead. It's so much better to enjoy the story that way and you will get the actual whole picture.. If you played the visual novel and want to see the characters move...go for it I guess. Unfortunately for all fans of the original BL game, you won't find any L in here. And since that was the main part of the story honestly, there is nothing much left. I ...
Yet another part of this anime that really fails to captivate me.. . Continuation with the exact same footprint of its first part, this time having an extremely hyped fight for the anime but which, clearly due to its very weak staff (and perhaps having the original material to blame for this too) fell far short.. . Unfortunately, I believe it is already possible to say that Shuumatsu no Walküre failed as an anime. Even though there are new plots in development, there's nothing more compelling here.. . It may be that I still watch a possible new season, more for experience than necessarily pleasure. After all, pleasure is a feeling ...
What a pointless movie!. . Fanboys, get your lube ready, this movie got some amazing animations, everything else: not so amazing... and corny as ever.. . This movie could have been a 25min-episode if they didn't draw the fights out to infinity. Can't believe this went on for two hours.. . Only point in watching this is if you only value cool animations, seriously.. . Summary: Get on train, fall asleep, fight slimy things, watch Rengoku being badass, END.. . Truth is, this is just for the fanboys. Not having seen the original series, this movie didn't resonate with me at all. The animation is good, but so are many animes. I just don't care ...
STORY: Alright, alright.... So Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood follows the original Manga more closely than it's predecessor, Fullmetal Alchemist. I'll introduce you to the so called "story". Ed and Al are brothers who lives with their mother, Trisha in a small village of Risembool. Trisha dies of a strange disease and Ed and Al try to bring her back to life by using a magic called Alchemy, in doing so Ed loses an arm and a leg and Al loses his whole body. Ed and Al set out to look for the Philosopher stone that is said to break the rules of Alchemy. There is also ...
Is Hell's Paradise: Jigokuraku ("HPJ") one of the more entertaining shows of the Spring 2023 season? Yes, it sure can be quite entertaining, as long as you do not take its idiocy and complete absurdity into consideration. No joking. I am quite entertained when viewing each episode, as long as I do not think about the realities of what is going on because if I do, then I realize that so many things just do not make sense.. . The most basic overarching story is clearly defined—send criminals on a dangerous mission to retrieve a rumored elixir of immortality. After that, the plot is just a jumbled ...
As someone who mainly cares about the story, this season is as awful as it can get. I've just finished episode 6. Friends warned me that this season wouldn't have a lot of fighting, but I took that warning less serious than I should have. If you are really in love with Thorfinn, you may find validation in this season by telling yourself "This is all character development. A build up to something great". To those who watch a lot of animes for the fun of it, this season is as boring as it gets.. . Story:. . The story pretty much takes place years after the events of ...
Symphogear is about high school, magical girls who activate their powers through singing, and their battle against Noise, evil creatures controlled by vindictive magical girls. Due to the activation and control of these relics through sounds, these magical girls also "moonlight" as idol singers. The plot armor for why high school girls save the world is that ancient relics can only be activated through certain frequencies, which only certain chosen ones possess. Closing the distance between yourself and your symphogear increases your power, and there are a few pure relics only a chosen few can possess, wielding nearly unlimited power.. . Is the plot made up on ...
The cg is really ugly, some decent actoion scenes and others that are... bad. The amount of character detail varies and declines towards the end of the show, backgrounds are mediocre, and cg is... still ugly. Characters have a small amount of depth and are sort of likeable... sometimes. Story doesn't have much depth, but has some world building, isn't completely derivative, and leads to some funny circumstances. Pacing is fine, but slow at times. Voice acting is somewhat annoying, some decent casting, but average unimpressive performances. Soundtrack is not memorable and quite average. Okay op and a great ed. Overall it's kind of funny, ...
This movie is a stand alone story written by Fuse (the LN author) specially for 8bit. Nothing that happened in the movie will have any effect on the next season. I'm only starting with this because I wish that I had known that going in.. . Let me preface this review by saying that tensura is my favorite anime of the last few years, so I had high expectations for this movie. Needless to say, it did not live up to them.. . The plot in the latter half is so incredibly predictable (and tropey) that I think anyone with half a brain could predict exactly what's going to ...
It could be worse... it's not a horrible anime in any way really, but it's definitely ranked below any that I've watched so far. I gave it a three due to its sheer blandness. It might be OK, say a 5, if one were stoned, but that's about it.. . Oh, joy: ⚠ This review needs more information!. . Fine, taking the suggestions given:. . Is the story unique? Only insofar as any Mary Sue can be. Bounty hunter on the hunt, and has some superpowers. Not much more to her than that, other than that apparently she could be the next Jem, just waiting for her ...
I'd first like to say, what an overwhelmingly disappointing anime. As an avid anime enthusiast, I had high hopes for "Shinmai Maou no Testament," but alas, my expectations were crushed by its numerous shortcomings. This anime tries so hard to fit into the harem, ecchi, and fantasy genres, but it ultimately ends up as a jumbled mess of clichés and tasteless fan service.. . First and foremost, the storyline is painfully generic and unoriginal. We are presented with the all-too-familiar plot of a shy, ordinary protagonist, Basara, who finds himself living with not one, but two attractive demon sisters. While I appreciate that anime often relies on ...
This film is exactly what you would get if you were to go up to ChatGPT and prompt "Give me a Ghibli movie".. . The erratic scene transitions, nonsensical story non-telling and almost zero character development for the characters (which they just keep throwing at you throughout the movie), it gives you the feeling of "it exists, it smells familiar, but it feels so off".. . The movie stops for nothing; no reflection, reaction, or conversation. There is no humanity to the film compared to other Ghibli films. You are pulled by the ear from scene to scene, given no time to appreciate or take in anything. They ...
The story starts really bad, but gets interesting later on. The really unfortunate part is the pacing. They give no time to build any rapport with the characters, there is no understanding of struggles or time to let their pasts or stories sink in. The participants keep getting stronger and their is no effort shown whatsoever so one does not understand what is going on with them. It is terribly told, and I can't tell if the original story was this bad or it's just the adaptation. The only redeeming quality is that you can understand the tournament a bit and some of the characters ...
If a anime ever existed that would drive me away from dubs, this would be it! Animation is average, some of the action scenes look good, sometimes not. Some decent backgrounds, but bad to average character detail depending on the scene. The characters have some depth, but that's only in the last few episodes, some of the characters feel like completely different in the last three episodes. Story has some depth to it, some nice twists, and world building... too bad that is only the last few episodes. Pacing is slow for the first nine episodes, but quicker in the last three, alright overall. The ...
While the writing is slightly better than in season one, it is still not good. Chise is still getting kidnapped or whisked away every other episode for some arbitrary conflict or exposition that is resolved by her stalker daddy threatening violence only for Chise to stop him and resolve it herself.. . The character designs in this series are pretty good even if the characters themselves are generic. The decision to move the setting to a magic school was a good idea except for the complete negation of character growth by having stalker daddy come with her.. . Nothing happens in this series. Each episode presents the looming ...
An ok concept to start with, but incredibly stiff dialogue —to the point of being frustrating and annoying. A few episodes in and the dialogue has still not improved. There is also increasingly frequent fan-service and suggestive (though still clunky) phrasing in dialogue. Worse, this suggestiveness is frequently targeted towards characters who are clearly established as minors and even occurs between biologically related family members (parent/child). It includes both verbal inuendo and “camera shots” of underwear, bras, breasts, etc, again including characters who are stated minors.. . If you can get past all of that, the music and action sequences are ok, but there’s nothing overly ...
Isekai, oh isekai. The one genre that never seems to change. Well, sometimes it adds a minor twist to each show, but it’s not like it helps make them much better. Isekai is essentially what a writer resorts to when they have zero ideas. That way they can pour their last two braincells into whatever story they make without it being rejected by publishers, which makes for unoriginal and dull material and later for some reason that material gets adapted into an anime.. . Jidou Hanbaiki ni Umarekawatta Ore wa Meikyuu wa Samayou or Reborn as a Vending Machine, I Now Wander the Dungeon is yet ...
First off, I am a fan of Junji Ito's works, and was excited to see it animated. However, it was kind of disappointing. This anime covers stories from Junji Ito's manga series, one episode contains two different stories.. . The animation is just... not. It seems like they did not give any effort to it. Seeing PNG's, 3D animations and repeating scenes hurted my eyes. The artstyle is decent, but it just does not give the feeling of disturbance (in a good way) like it does in the manga.. . I definitely recommend reading the manga instead of watching the anime. You may like it if you have ...
Mediocre movie. Even from the beginning I was skeptical of how it would turn out. I was left with too many unanswered questions, and there were still unresolved conflicts of the story. The storyline kept going one way then another and it just feels unrealistic. Spoiler alert: Some things I questioned were U, the reality you can travel to; the storyline of Beast, and the main characters’ friends and family.. . I was in some disbelief that U would really have that many users, especially users who genuinely cared about the drama. Basically, the world building/setting definitely could have been better developed. Beast’s storyline was also ...
The first OVA for Mirai Nikki, with a paltry runtime of just over eight minutes, is utterly pointless. There is no reason to watch this OVA as it serves little more than promotional material for the series. The scenes are mostly shot-for-shot identical to the anime, and there is no extra material included. It does move rather quickly and encapsulates the first several episodes, so it is a good refresher, but it leaves out too much detail to be heavily relied on. There is just no reason to watch this. Unless you are a die-hard Mirai Nikki completionist, it is best to skip this entry ...
Mirai Nikki falls short as a series due to its inconsistent pacing, questionable character motivations, numerous plot holes, and excessively outlandish scenarios that border on parody. While the conclusion holds some intrigue, it is ultimately overshadowed by the flaws prevalent throughout the rest of the season. The pacing feels rough, with certain episodes lacking purpose and others skipping crucial plot points entirely. The main characters also possess little to no urgency, doing only what is required to move the plot forward, relying on the side characters to provide the needed depth. However, these characters exhibit inconsistency, straying far from their initial motivations and doing a ...
A Lull In the Sea is probably the dumbest show with the highest production values I've ever seen. Here is my in-depth review of the segment of the first episode that I watched before going back to Power Rangers Time Force, an unironically less dumb show also on Netflix. (I also suffered through episode 6 to meet MAL's arbitrary review minimums). . A Lull in the Neurons is about people who live underwater, and in the first seconds of the first episode, they establish that these people who live underwater use fire and eat soup. It's the fucking dumbest thing and the worst world building I've ever ...
As much as the visuals can carry a show, its frustrating to watch an MC that can't use basic communication to help Mie in any meaningful way.. . The situations set up don't lead to any growth for Kaeda Komura, and instead he ruminates over and over about how he likes Mie too much, and is incapable of basic communication because of that, where a simple few words would help him and the girl he likes rectify any situations from her forgetting her glasses.. . To what end do we as viewers have to wait for the main character to grow enough to simple just talk out ...
Did you get bored after reading the first three words of this anime's title? Take that as an indication of what the rest of the anime will be like. The animation, I'd say the action scenes really are pretty alright, but everything else that moves looks kind of bad. Low character detail most of the time, sometimes the backgrounds look okay, overall I wouldn't choose to look at this anime. The characters have nearly zero depth, and kind of just walk around saying lines. At the very least the characters are consistent in what little detail they are given. Story is also consistent, but incredibly ...
“Am I supposed to be holding her hand?”. . The Girl I Like Forgot Her Glasses delves into a rather unsettling narrative, catering to a peculiar desire among certain individuals who yearn for a disturbingly infantile partner. Kaede Komura, the protagonist, becomes infatuated with his classmate Ai Mie, who suffers from poor eyesight and frequently forgets her glasses.. . “I can’t not wash my hands… But maybe I can swab the sebum off my hands and preserve it.”. . Kaede's fixation on Mie intensifies due to her apparent vulnerability and dependence caused by her visual impairment. Rather than being deterred by her squinting eyes and lack of common sense, Kaede's ...
Since the story itself isn't too deep, I won't spoil anything.. Tl;dr: Don't watch it, it's a MASSIVE waste of your time. Go watch Highschool DxD, story and visuals are way better.. . Story: 3/10 | Getting reincarnated as a spider was something new, but the story itself was wayyyy too shallow.. Sound: 1/10 | Feels like at some point they just completly gave up on sounddesign, the fightscenes are flat, there's barely any sound. I kid you not. Imagine a dragon running through a cave, what do you expect to hear? Correct: Ton of bass, stomping, echoing, dust and rocks falling from the ceiling. But insted it just ...
At first glance, "Cautious Hero" bursts onto the scene with a promising premise and good humor. The over-the-top caution of the protagonist brings a refreshing twist to a typical hero's journey, resulting in moments of comedic brilliance. However, beneath this comedic facade lies a series that gradually succumbs to a repetitive plot. What begins as a riotous adventure becomes a tiresome loop of recurring gags, ultimately becoming a very predictable show.. . The initial humor and concept of a cautious hero did bring a fresh twist to the typical hero's journey. The protagonist's meticulous and overly cautious nature adds a layer of comedy. The show successfully explores ...
Typical feeble MC that does anything to please the girl. The plot is supposed to be about him wanting to straight up murder her (for no reason... like wtf lmao). I went in expecting something to major happen that would slowly change the MC into actually liking the girl but no. Basically very first episode he falls madly in love with her, the whole premise of him wanting to kill her is just for the synopsis (to make it seem like it actually has some interesting plot... its a lie). Watched 3 eps, found nothing of interest.. If you enjoy watching cringe weak weirdo stalker ...
Because it is an anime that adapts a weekly Shounen Jump manga, I was very encouraged to give it a chance and watch it, after all, I am a big fan of Battle-Shounen anime, but the disappointment and disgust when watching this anime was one of the biggest I had in a long time.. . It seemed to me that the author wanted to do a kind of "speedrun" of the genre and just threw stereotypes and extremely generic and well-known narratives. Nothing here is unique. This anime has nothing original.. . The characters are extremely shallow and uninteresting with weak interactions and nothing stimulating in addition to non-existent ...
There’s a reason why bleach is one of the most dropped mainstream anime of all time. Literal snooze fest, if you can even stay awake watching the first 33 episodes you deserve a gold medal and I’m being 100% serious. This is an anime of it’s time (2000’s) and it’s literally unwatchable in the current day. bleach can’t even be compared to One Piece or Naruto, in fact it’s laughable that this is considered one of the big three. Both Naruto and One Piece aged really well in comparison, Save yourself some time and skip this mid.. . The story is extremely boring and cliche, nothing ...
This movie is average at best, it changes all the aspects of the original story in a bland and boring way. It’s unappealing, dual, and has bad voice acting. It’s also way to stretched out for such a short story, in theory the original story can be made longer but this version was executed poorly. Opting to take plot points out and just having people walking around aimlessly doing nothing. If you love Hans Christian Andersen’s The Wild Swans Do yourself a favour and watch the wild swans: stories to remember instead. It’s short had interesting animation wonderful music and captures the essence of the ...
The Main Character is exactly what Sigma Grindset dudes think looks cool. Well, spoiler alert: He's not cool whatsoever.. . Episode 2 especially hammered that in for me. We've got a character who is deeply afraid of men to the point where she's extremely rude and lashes out. Now, that's INTERESTING -- we can probably do something cool with that, right? Make her realize slowly that not all men are like that, or something along those lines? Have her overcome some past traumatic experience, or at least set her on the right path to do that?. . NOPE.. . MC gets APOLOGIZED to by this traumatized girl -- which likely took ...
this movie definitely shatters expectations... for the worse.. . History and plot: Relative Words has a plot that at first seems to be very good and interesting, which caused me a particular expectation. However, about halfway through the film, he starts to take a different path than he seems. And I speak with dissatisfaction that this course is completely dull and cliché. However, these clichés could be well executed and make a decent film, which is not the case here.. . Characters: The story is completely uninteresting and lazy, clinging to the script's obvious conveniences. Not to mention the many plot holes present in the film's ...
Aika is worst girl. Wataru is a chad. Kaede is a typical sister. Rin is a baddy. Kei is kinda cute.. . The show is alright so far. It's kinda stupid that Aika is showing signs of liking Wataru after he basically ghosting her after finally realizing that he has no chance with her. That's all Aika's fault but for some reason she gets away with being an annoying brat because nothing ever makes sense in typical anime troupes cuz tsun tsun always win. Anyway, Kei is best girl. She's just looking out for Aika and Wataru. The third wheel that doesn't get the recognition she deserves.. . Edit: ...
I must admit that I cannot understand why someone could enjoy an anime like this one.. . This anime doesn't work for any audience. For example, if you are a fan of the Sex Shift genre or a fan of CGDCT stories, I can assume that you are part of a female audience that will hate the dose of fan service of this anime.. . On the other hand, if you enjoy the fan service, I assume you are a male audience that won't enjoy the homo reference of the Sex Shift genre and that you don't enjoy the CGDCT anime.. . . Additionally, this anime won't contribute to anything in your ...
a prologue section full of all kinds of genres, from SOL, romance, family, music, psychology, crime, and many more. So that many people get votes from various circles who enjoy it. Though in my opinion this can be said "too much sugar in it that can make you diabetic". The 10/10 rating was only for the prologue episode, but not for the next episode and I stopped at episode 5. It is no longer clear the focus of the storyline presented. The very captivating prologue episode makes the rest of the episodes seem worse.. . In conclusion: I really enjoyed this anime, but only in the prologue ...
Take some idols, a handful of unlikeable characters, mid animation, a lot of oedipus and sister complex, a light yagami wannabe, weird love triangles and romance, throw it all in a blender and the result will be Oshi No Ko: a confused anime going through an identity crisis.. . I wouldn't say it's ALL bad, the concept was interesting and the intro is pretty catchy, but it's just not enough to make up for all of its faults.. It's a mystery/idol anime, but it feels more like a slice of life if anything, rushed and slow-paced at the same time, a frustrating experience to say the least. Needless ...
I think the idea of the story is good and it could of been a good anime but they tell you what the main plot is going to be about and then never act on it, it’s makes me so mad. There is no really ending and half the time you don’t know what the fuck is going on and it’s like trying to put a puzzle together, that doesn’t even fit together!!! It’s a wast of time to watch please don’t watch it!!!. . Extra: some of the characters you can’t even feel for and you can’t have a connection between the watcher and the character, ...
Persona: Trinity Soul (2008). . 2008 shame on you.. . This show could have been great but stretching what should be a movie into a series made it far too long and so boring. I honestly struggled to watch this because it just goes on and on and on barely achieving anything. If it was 12 or 13 episodes perhaps I could forgive but not 26.. . The art for 2008 looks pretty good and isn't so bad. It is just that era where everyone looks super skinny and stands weirdly when they have their hands in their pockets.. . The sound is okay. The OP and ED are kind of ...
It pains my heart to see all of the positive feedback for this series. Perhaps if you can swallow a few massive pills, you may be able to see the light in this series and it's so called "message" or "moral." Which is I guess don't settle for the one you don't love (terribly portrayed). But when I saw terms like "masterpiece" and "realism" being thrown around, that's when I realized many people just want to see the world burn. It wouldn't be possible to review this without jumping into mild spoilers, but as I begin, I just want to say that this is going ...
This show really ticked all of my boxes at first. A classic Rom-Com plot about unrequited love with its own twists. A protagonist that isn't denser than a brick and doesn't avoid his feelings. A bit of good writing and, realistically, this could have been another hidden gem in an already stacked Summer 2023 season. Unfortunately though, The Dreaming boy is a Realist tries to be something it isn't, losing its audience early in the prologue. . . While the overall production quality being about average it definitely wasn't unpleasant to watch. The problem all boiled down to lazy directing and screenplay. Most of the dialogue felt incredibly forced with nothing ...
Past few years have brought cooking shows into spotlight. As a hedonist myself I find these entertaining enough even though story is often lacking in depth or anything useful really. I hoped this show was one of those except for cakes. Let me tell you straight away I was wrong as main character does everything other than make cakes. It's basically a painfully generic issekai but instead of filling episodes with pointless romance or flashbacks they talk about food. There's no food making anywhere, at least not in first three episodes I've watched. Instead there are bandits, magic, him gaining power, etc.. . That said, I am ...
This is a preliminary review after 3 episodes.. . Premise: MC is obsessed with the school goddess to the point of "stalking" her by everyone's (including his own) definition. Goddess continually tells him to leave her alone, which he doesn't. This continues for years. One day MC wakes up and decides to stop, because he's become a "realist" about her being out of his league. From there, the story is a series of reasons why this was a bad thing and a journey towards true love. Harassed goddess girl now seems to miss being harassed but acts in the typical anime trope of the girl who cant ...
I don't how much time they will wait until reviews that the Boruto series is just Madara's Mugen Tsukuyomi.. . Hope aside, Boruto is nothing but a mere joke compared to one of the most famous anime of all time, which boasts a vast array of well-crafted characters, memorable moments, and various well-elaborated concepts. With all that in mind, they had the 'great' idea of trying to continue this entire culture and history for a 'new' anime, which, let's face it, only has an audience because of the original Naruto characters. Continuing to talk about characters, there should not be a character that compares to those in ...
This is just so uninteresting and unfunny.. . I don't understand the sort small cult following this anime has, it's practically the opposite of entertaining. The characters are terrible, not necessarily generic but something about them is just so vanilla-y, they have enough traits to stand out from their typical archetype yet I feel like I've seen these exact types in literally hundreds of other anime that are a lot better.. . I especially hated Teru, every moment with her was just dreadful. Sometimes I did laugh at her bitchiness but other times I just wanted to punch her in the face.. . I barely even remember the other two, the ...
This anime started on a high note and gave off a very pleasant and real like vibe but as the anime progress characters around Ohana tend to seem more interesting and tolerable than Ohana . I thought her character will grow and mature as the show goes on but on a contrary she starts behaving more like a kid and does whatever comes to her mind . Maybe its a personal take but i despise people like her because they don't know the meaning of personal boundaries and think that the world revolves around them .. . In one of the episodes when the landlady gets hospitalized ...
Ths is a sort of 'loli-toon' art style and ONA version of the anime names 'Eminence in Shadow'. Here the guy named 'Cid ...' or shadow is not to be seen, only female characters are here. Maybe this was made to introduce all the femal characters a little bit more, because inside anime those female charcters are more in shadow than shadow himself. The animation is cute and small so viewers can enjoy a piece of comedy. But it's not that funny at all. Just a bunch of characters are blabbering about weird things and that it. 17 episodes with duration of 2 minutes ended ...
This anime AND its manga are meant for pedophiles. The art style is cute, the main romance between the two girls is cute, but the unecessary pedobait with the child characters, Kanna and Shota (THEY LITERALLY NAMED HIM SHOTA?), is disgusting. I cannot fathom how this show got away with being well received with how it sexualizes children.. . I genuinely think any adult who watches this and enjoys it needs to have their hard drive checked to be perfectly honest with you. You will likely only enjoy this if you are a pornbrained twitter user who rts nothing but lewd art of child characters.
Mahou Shoujo Lyrical Nanoha: The Movie 2nd A's Mini Picture Drama is a series of two little shorts following the A's movie. Unfortunately, neither of these are subtitled, and neither are related to the movie; rather, the first one acts like a sort of psuedo-prequel for Strikers, while the second isn't really related to anything. The second apparently introduces two characters, Kanae and Yuzuko, who don't appear in the main series as far as I can tell. The second segment doesn't really go anywhere, and just goes off on a tangent about a mock Magical Shamal series, which is at least very hilarious. However, it ...
Queen's Blade: Unlimited, as a soft reboot of the original Queen's Blade, introduces a new continuation while retaining the characters and the setting. This reboot takes a darker approach compared to its predecessors. Notably, the tournament now allows participants to kill their opponents, a departure from the previous iterations where such actions were discouraged. Additionally, the winner of any match has the power to demand anything from the defeated, intensifying the stakes and adding a layer of tension to the battles, on paper, that is.. . Despite my personal distaste for the franchise, I must acknowledge that Queen's Blade manages to maintain a consistent level of quality ...
Utter garbage. Abandon all hope that it'll get better or there will be character development. Main character has zero backbone and will get hit and verbally humiliated nonstop even though he constantly goes out of his way to appease the most obnoxious, egocentric, annoying character in all of anime history: Kirino (his sister). Even if this show had a good plot it would still be unwatchable due to how infuriating she is every time she takes up screen time. This show would at least make sense if the main character was a masochist or a GOOD explanation existed for why he keeps eating the shit ...
This is your typical shonen about a guy who is the worst but for some reason wants to be the best.. . The characters are super basic and bland and the setting is super generic: a damn school for superheroes.. . The plot itself has nothing interesting to offer aside from the fact that the MC has a power that brakes his boby when he uses it, but guess what? He just needs to learn to control it. How? Just trying. There's no reasoning behind it, eventually he would just achieve it and that's it. That means the only thing that didnt bored me about the show its going ...
Disclaimer; I'm a passionate Fan of Saiyuuki and a little bit heated right now and have to get this of my chest.. . Oh my goddamn sh*t, have I rarely seen a worse adaption of like ??? What? A few chapters of a decent Arc?. No damn wonder they looked at that in 2022 and said "you know what we need to make this entire arc over because what the hell were these fools smoking.". First you sit through 12 episodes of some truly meaningless painful filler that makes Bleach's bount arc look like a solid 8/10, just to arrive at what was at some point supposed to be ...
Now I wasn’t going to be expecting too much from a series of chibi, 3D-animated shorts, but Nijiyon Animation is very skippable. Animation-wise, it doesn’t get too much mileage out of the 3D models, I really feel like they could have gone 2D chibi and not used any more resources – except maybe the Fall Guys episode which was a snoozefest like most of them.. . We can see here one of the reasons why Love Live fans are resistant whenever one of the generations expands their cast: when every character is forced to have an appearance and say their bit, every situation and line starts to ...
This anime is what would happen if Kuroko no Basuke and Haikyuu had a child, but the mother drank heavily, overdosed on crack daily and threw herself down every flight of stairs she saw for the whole pregnancy.. . I haven't used this account in years but I had to dig up the password and log back in just to write a review for this absolute pile of trash. Morbid curiosity was the only thing keeping me going throughout because lord knows the most boring cast, basic plot and impossibly generic main character weren't nearly good enough for something rated above 8/10 here. The animation is ...
This is disgusting, you don't want to be like this, if I could kill it I would but legally I can't-Markiplier.. . Absolutely the worst piece of media I watched this is an abomination straight-up disgusting, absolutely terrible animation and body horror. I don't recommend this filth at all give it a 1 please make it the worst thing, check the homie who made this hard drive please, man was def on 20 different types of drugs. All characters were fowl, some weird af rape thing at the end, no one would like this, no story just pure acid trip.. . PROS. NOTHING. . Cons. Suggested Rape. Body Horror. ...
First and foremost save yourself the pain and skip the first story. Nothing happens and it’s all just loud screaming that can only be summed up as essentially 20min of Zenitsu and Asta with no breaks.. . The manga is definitely far better and the anime skips some of the better ones.. . Personally I was exited to see ‘whispering woman’ but the animation, by skipping certain shots, misses the creepy feeling and anticipation or twist that the manga brings. The art style however definitely compliments the weird feeling of the stories.. . Disappointed and not something I’d rewatch, but overall not something I’m unhappy about watching at least once.
A standard isekai story with a strong main character. ... or so I thought.. . It’s worse.. . The main character has your standard boring backstory and is indeed powerful from day 1, but it goes beyond that. The MC has no need for any sense of battle struggle which leaves a very empty feeling in what they call a fight scene - which really just looks like him kicking around dolls.. . The worst thing about it is his powers actually make no sense. This is especially true with the thoughtless attempt from the writers at adding in technology. His magic is barriers but he creates robots and tv?? Yes ...
I've been waiting to write a review since the first episode came out. I just couldn't wait to tell you how much I hated this piece of garbage. boring art, more boring characters, typical plot about a nobody who finds out he was secretly awesome all along. There's nothing new here except maybe the level of awfulness.. . Honestly, if you watched this and thought "hmm, this is acceptable level of quality", please tell how bad a show has to be for you to drop it.. . • Totally unoriginal premise you've seen a million times before. • The art totally fits the story as both are extremely boring. • ...
This is the worst season by far.. wait 10 episodes for good animation.. Horrible cg (due to a change in animation director). Most boring villains this season. In every fight they stop for an episode to give a side characters some backstory and that takes up an entire episode to just say that it's basically the same as Tanjiro's. The ending was good. I did miss zenitsu and Inosuke this season. Thank god Tanjiro is no longer a pussy. ngl next arc is a training arc so i feel like demon slayer might be on a down slope for a couple seasons.
I personally don't mind the recycled youkai-ayakashi realm premise, and rather like these types of stories, so the bad rating is not a complaint of a recycled premise. Initially, this show was different enough in a pleasant way from media that did it well (Spirited Away, Noragami) to warrant a trial watch.. . The good. The female protagonist is 19 (unusual for this kind of story, and a refreshing change). Aoi is a level-headed, likeable female protagonist who is strong and sticks to her sense of morals. The visual design of the cast of characters is well done: they are simple but distinct, and capture the form from ...
These days there are no shortage of wish fulfillment anime, especially ones that revolve around the very common wish of having a cute GF. As a fan of the subgenre, I can say without a doubt that this one is among the worst I've seen. It's like the ultimate herbivore shut-in fantasy. Seriously, the MC might as well have been isekaied considering how ridiculous this show is.. . I can't believe this requires a reminder but guys, if you are the quiet weird kid of your class the hottest girl in your class isn't going to randomly fall in love with you. The MC of this ...
By popular demand, another generic isekai power fantasy is being served in the guise of a new Anime.. . Plot: Another isekai, only this time the protagonist is a budget Oedipus with a bargain bin backstory. All the usual tropes you can think of, of a typical run of the mill isekai is more or less present here. So there is hardly anything worthwhile to talk about.. . Characters: Think something like the last five seasonal isekai you've seen. Now try to remember the characters. They are here as well, just with their names altered.. . Animation: As average isekais go, this is no different. Don't expect anything too ...
Long story short, this is a reverse isekai that crumbles under its own weight. No spoilers, as I only spoil what I enjoyed.. . The base idea is fantastic, but the execution quickly falls short of the writer's ambition. Not one, not two, but several plotlines occur all at once, neither intertwined nor converging in a meaningful way; it just so happens that the same characters are involved, simply being present. It was difficult for me to keep up or care, blame my new gen attention span, whatever - anime is not a book unless based on Nisio Isin's works, and ought to be more focused. Eventually, ...
I liked the Fruit of Grisaia. It was a harem anime with an interesting protagonist.. . However, I had a lot of problems with this one.. . I couldn't accept the show's insensitivity to things such as grooming and molestation. The main character- as a minor- gets molested by his guardian and this is never painted as a negative thing. It was morally repugnant.. . Even if you could ignore all that, the show is paced poorly and the strengths of the first season- the main character's relationship dynamic with five girls- was absent.. . Problematic and a dip in writing quality killed my interest in this series.
Saint Elmo is an anime set in a futuristic world where Earth's energy source, the space power plant Saint Elmo, faces a critical malfunction. As the protagonist's girlfriend lies in a coma, the power outage puts her life at risk. With international outrage mounting, the protagonist, Yuuki, embarks on a high-stakes journey into space to fix the power plant and save his girlfriend, leading to a race against time filled with danger and suspense. However, despite its promising premise, Saint Elmo falls short in delivering an engaging and memorable space adventure.. . In the future, where, for environmental reasons, Earth's power source is located in space, orbiting ...
I watched this all the way back in 2018 when I was still in middle school, and I really liked it. But Now about 6 years later I can't say the same thing. Lots of sexualization of adults and minors, and a very basic story. I would not be as harsh with it if it was only adult characters being portrayed sexually, but minors is where I draw the line. Otherwise, I probably would have just said "this must just not be my cup of tea" and went on with my life. I felt extremely dirty after revisiting this, I really don't recommend watching.
I'm not even going to talk about the actual issues that go into the writing of these characters... but this anime is just outright not it.. . The story makes no sense, the characters keep saying one thing repeatedly and then when they do something, their actions just... does not reflect what they are saying or thinking at all. It's like the author doesn't really try to connect the characters' thoughts and their actions at all, much less write a compelling story between the characters to make the viewers want to root for them. The issues raised when it comes to MLM and teacher-student relationships ...
Sword art offline is a chibi animation styled in the format of a newsshow. It consists of 5 elements that repeat every episode namely the news headline, trivia, playback corner, life counseling and slot talk.. . The news headline and slot talk are generally boring. The playback corner and life counseling involve Asuna, Kirito and Klein talking with a character that was invited to the newsshow on that day with a very heavy focus on romance. Trivia is the only good part of the animation but even that isn't great in some episodes.. . The animation is a bit about recap but mostly about comedy. The humor ...
Review based on the English dub.. . It's often considered the weak point of the Unicron Trilogy for a reason.. . Story:. Very little of substance happens in the first season. Most episodes involve some formula of the Decepticons attacking Energon resources and planets. The Autobots strike back with the end result being the Decepticons either fleeing or having taken resources. Rinse and repeat until the rare new plot point pops up, or Alpha Q distresses about something-something-Unicron again.. . Kicker is well... Kicker. You'll either tolerate and get to like him more in season two, or he's going to become a constantly annoying presence.. . The show likes to take its time ...
I was having a bad day after work and forgotten I had put this on my Plan to Watch list out of curiosity.. Honestly nothing could of prepared me for this anime of how much it'd make laugh.. The voice lines are a seriously pointless and slow, and the scenes are so sudden you don't expect them to happen which makes it even more funnier lmao. . The animation looks like a microsoft powerpoint most of the time. The entire thing feels like some kind of lost media I shouldn't be watching or something I saw in a nightmare.. This makes Boku no Pico look like a masterpiece
When I was but a wee lad, I was cursed with the misfortune of being the ill-begotten carrier of illness. That is to say, I found myself falling sick quite frequently due to my underdeveloped immune system. I distinctly remember one of those days where I was forced to trap myself in the bathroom for hours on end obeying the tyrannical dictate of my unruly stomach. I suffered an attack of explosive diarrhea. Multiple attacks, actually. It was more of a skirmish to be fair. When I thought that I had finally overcome myself and reigned sovereign over my body once again, the unfortunate reality ...
I WISH I could give this a higher score, because the animation, art, progression, sound, and story are compelling. The humor is interspersed, catches you off-guard, and is so chaotic and fun. This is the first isekai show I've watched that I wanted to really get into. I really, really wish I could recommend this show to my friends and my family.. . But this anime is subject to a fatal flaw: it's insufferable. I can't watch parts of it without this ball of discomfort forming in my stomach and pushing up on my throat.. . It isn't the sex in this show that make it unwatchable. ...
“Science Fell in Love, So I Tried to Prove It” is what happens when You want to piss off a researcher with OCD.. . We follow a pair of characters (and that’s a generous assessment), that have only one trait that has been pumped up to something that pretends to be a personality, on their pathetic journey to prove that they fall in love with each other, using scientific-ish methods… even though there is a lot of research on the subject already and they could just use that. But I suppose that would make too much sense. Along for the ride are their coworkers / friends ...
Help me. HELP ME.. . Sometimes I really wonder why I'm doing this. I write reviews as a hobby, I make Youtube videos out of those reviews hobby-wise (subscribe to me lol) but then at some point there comes a stage where all the fun I have writing, recording video and editing absolutely cannot compensate at all for the agony I had while watching the anime. And often I still watch the series through - but not this time.. . And the anime starts so promisingly - a guy is supposed to become the next leader of a cult and has been prepared for it all his life, so ...
Watched this hoping for it to remaster or update the original, but would have totally rolled with it if it was another perspective of the same well written slightly tragic drama. Fell short of that.. . I dont have any beef with cgi or how Vash looks here, even completely new story would be okay but damn... They removed some cool characters, they killed relationships, they put some npc girl as the support cast (this is no longer Merill from the og), and a generic old grumbler who's called Roberto De Niro, Im not kidding.. . So why buy the ip if you plan to start from scratch? ...
I watched Gou and Sotsu back to back. I enjoyed Gou, so I was excited to see where things would go in Sotsu. But wow, was I ever disappointed.. . This was not like a typical Higurashi series. It didn't evoke those same emotions and overall vibes of the first season. Even though most of Sotsu was a dumpster fire- like mess, I was hoping that by the final episode of Sotsu that things would get a bit better and that we would have a solid ending to this mediocre season. What I got instead was a bunch of unnecessary "but why tho" moments which I won't ...
The fact this show was ever popular is probably the saddest thing I'll mention in this review, and that's entirely because of the lack of material. If I could only say "this shit is boring" and call it a day, I would but turns out, MAL review mods believe the review system has some sort of legitimacy, so here we go.. . Anohana is a show about overly cutesy, barely grown up looking Menma, who you learn rather early fucking died, and Jinta, the main character needs to fulfill a wish nobody will ever know about. As a premise, it stands amongst the laziest I have ever ...
damn I just watched because of the sigma male meme.. ps. don't watch it. . story: absolutely boring.. . art style: MS paint. . characters: no depth at all. . ending :not fulfilling. ...
This was one of my most anticipated anime to watch. I loved the first Konosuba and Megumin was one of my favorite characters from the show, so when I heard that she was getting her own spin off I just knew it'd be peak!. . I was wrong.. . This anime is so bland and cheap looking. Every now and then there was be some decent effects but then it'd focus away from the action. This is just a weak cash grab. Maybe it was the change of studio or I grew out of the konosuba humor, but when I rewatched the original show I still enjoy it, but ...
So yeah. This is absolutely terrible. For as much money as was thrown at the animation and VAs, I can't figure out why the rest is so bad or why on Earth anyone would have okayed this thing to be seen in public.. . Every overused trope is present, but not even in a good way. Almost nothing in this was enjoyable. No knew ideas. Bad plot development. He goes from zero to invincible with no growth instantly. This doesn't change by the end.. . The biggest bitch I have is the pacing. it always feels like the episodes start and stop in the middle of where ...
Just a recap episode from the first half of the show. I could only find half of it on Youtube with auto translate. You do not need to watch it. The art style is the same as the rest of the series.. I gave it a 6/10 because it is okay but you will not need a refresher if you are watching the series in a timely fashion anyways. It also is extremely hard to find and not worth the quality that you may find it in. There are no new scenes, just a short scene where Kogure is writing in his diary when thinking ...
* The portrayal of Lord Shiva as an oni not only lacked understanding and respect but also disregarded the cultural significance attached to such a revered deity.. * The lack of effort in developing the backstories of the characters was evident, leaving them shallow and unexplored. This resulted in a significant missed opportunity to create compelling characters that could have enhanced the overall storytelling.. * Furthermore, the poor execution of character appearances, especially when dealing with deities, showcased a lack of research and attention to detail.. * Regrettably, the detrimental pacing of the story further hindered the overall viewing experience. In summary, this overhyped anime's disappointing ...
Has absolutely no plot and zero character development. I mean it. Not a single character has had any type of development including the main characters. MC girl is obnoxious voice wise. Randomly brings up her mothers death then immediately says "I don't care didn't really know her". So why bring it up...?. . They introduced several new characters an episode and expect you to somehow memorize them. It's like memorizing every single below average individual you have ever met that never made an impact on you. It's just not possible. There's clear personality traits as if they read the dictionary and decided they were going to ...
Rather then work of art, this is obviously a just a product. That’s it. The content wasn’t decided by artistic vision, but by profit. The most generic k-pop song imaginable. The content of the video being mainly the boys with a smidget of fantasy added to not make it *too* empty. I wouldn’t say the chibified characters are ugly, but they aren’t interesting either, nor what I would consider „“cute“. It’s pretty much kpop Disney Tsum Tsum, just with even less effort. The animation is nothing to write home about as are the fluffly but ultimately empty lyrics.. . Rather than beign bad, this just simply ...
Lyrical Nanoha StrikerS is one of few series (or at least, seasons) that can put me at a complete loss for words. Before I start, I'd like to clarify to anyone unclear that while the previous two seasons were magical girl seasons, the third (and potentially onward) deviate from this so severely that it's almost a complete tonal change, which may detract from the experience, depending on your enjoyment or reason to be invested in this. However, there are severe changes to the formula and many other factors as well.. . The first major change is that Nanoha (as well as Fate and Hayate) are no longer ...
This show is like One Punch man. If One Punch Man was not funny. And Saitama never had to train to get his powers. And he was a girl magnet. And none of the characters had any character. And the story wasn't very interesting. And it tried to be an isekai but also a high-school drama.. . Most events in the show go like this: There is a problem. The MC, who is very attractive and powerful, shows up. He solves the problem by being attractive and powerful. Then all the ladies gush and blush over him because he is SO ATTRACTIVE and powerful. Then the ...
Oh, where do I even begin with other than the writing is "Further Than The Universe." This anime had so much potential, yet it managed to squander it with its overuse of unnecessary tears and a plot that meanders aimlessly. Brace yourselves, because this review won't be holding back.. . Firstly, let's talk about the characters. Instead of developing meaningful and relatable individuals, the show seems to think that the best way to engage viewers is by having them cry at the drop of a hat. Seriously, it's as if the creators were determined to break a world record for the most tears shed in a single ...
It's incredible how this anime managed to lose itself so much in just 12 episodes. Magic anime isn't really my cup of tea, but I found Rokudenashi Majutsu Koushi to Akashic Records promising, at least in the beginning.. . The start is quite entertaining and introduces you to a world of magic with characters that captivate you for a brief period. However, strange things start happening in this anime, and it loses its value.. . At a certain point, the story became somewhat confusing; it felt like it wasn't going anywhere. When new characters were introduced, this feeling of incomprehension became even stronger.. . In short, the anime seemed like it ...
**Episode 1 spoilers** Bocchi the rock is your everyday run of the mill slice of life with some tricky, quirky animation work andgeneric cast of characters designed for your insecure lonely ass to self insert into. The story is about as cliche as it gets for most anime, as the main character “Bocchi”, an extremely talented, attractive girl with terrible insecurities caused by seemingly nothing, meets people who force their way into her life through lazy writing and breaks her out of her shell to become a brand new person.. . A great example of this is in the first episode, when the yellow-haired girl who no ...
Idk if this makes much sence but i cant express myself how horrible this anime is, if your new to anime or are under 13 you might not notice, this anime is one of those where the mc would say in his mind 'I guess I'll use my superpower and predict my enemy next move' and saying in his thoughts the next thing hes going to do.. . I have watched only 3 episodes because I cringed to much and it wasnt appealing at all, the transformation body stuff and the new isekai was the only good thing about it, but trully a waste of smth that ...
Well... this was both boring and intellectually insulting.. . Another Isekai but the hook here is that it's a girl and she's a bookworm reincarnated in an era where literacy takes a backseat to everything else.. . Ok, I'll bite. How does she prove herself? How does she use the knowledge she has? What hurdles will she face? Will she find it hard as an adult to be treated like child that nobody takes seriously and detective conan this?. . BWHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!. . Plot/story = 1/10. . This was horribly written. It's character driven but not really, their are certain points the plot wants the characters to reach so they do even if it doesn't make ...
"Rent-A-Girlfriend" is an anime that falls short in delivering a compelling and genuine story. While the initial concept of a rented girlfriend service holds potential for exploring interesting themes, the execution often feels contrived and predictable. The characters, although visually appealing, lack depth and development, making it difficult to form a genuine connection with their struggles. The romantic relationships portrayed in the series often rely on clichés and misunderstandings, diminishing the overall authenticity of the narrative. Additionally, the excessive fan service tends to overshadow the potential for more meaningful storytelling, ultimately leaving the viewer with a superficial and unsatisfying experience.
actually, the concept where the main character is taken to another world for the second time is interesting in my opinion, but the writing of the story in this anime makes it look bad. I don't know what was on the mind of the author of this anime when writing this story. all the time I watched this anime, I was always made shy by myself and bored while watching it. so it took more than a week just to finish this anime because the story of this anime is so boring. plus the main character is very naive and cringe makes me very lazy ...
Only 1/3 routes are well adapted. Why bother.... . This is a spoiler-free review from the perspective of a fan of the visual novel who read EX routes in the VN before watching (Thank god).. . The Ex routes in Little Busters are three additional routes unlocked after completing Refrain. In my opinion, they feature some of the best stories in Little Busters, but unfortunately, this anime adaptation of 2 of them is awful.. . Saya:. Saya's route in the VN is one of my favourite works from Maeda, despite its quirks. However, this route is already, from the get-go, very difficult to adapt arc because of how it's structured into ...
I started this anime with high hopes for the "strong and capable" female characters I kept hearing about but I was quickly disappointed. In the first few episodes the main character's greatest motivation is to touch a woman's boobs. At first it starts off as a crush on a specific girl - Makima (he falls on her boobs due to "low blood pressure" and says they smell great), but later we find out that it doesn't matter who the girl is because he wants to grope Power's boobs too even though he doesn't like her personality. As a woman, that made me feel very underappreciated, ...
Isekai protagonists being OP and worshiped by NPC's isn't anything new. In-fact, we enjoy watching Isekai shoes because of the OP power fantasy coming true in front of our eyes.. . But it's how the OPMC character is written, can make or break the show.. . It's necessary to introduce the character to his skills, along with the viewers, so together we get into the groove of things. We see the MC learn to control his abilities, use them in OP manner and wow himself and us, the viewers. MC grows, getting stronger, more sure of himself and his skills over time. It's all fun.. . It's also necessary to not ...
On paper, this show should be right up my alley. What went wrong?. . Fantastic animation.. Shite dialogue.. Forced attempts, constant, endless attempts at comedy.. . There are some anime I watch at 1.5 speed bcz I think it’s overall good but has mostly slow placing. Then there are those that I watch at 2x the speed bcz they’re okay to even overall bad but have redeeming qualities.. . I couldn’t even watch this show at 2x the speed. I forced myself to watch the third episode just so I could honestly leave this review.. . Ps: this is my third attempt at watching this show. I paused after the OVA/ep 0 ...
This was the most boring experience of my life. The anime fails to live up to its potential, delivering a mundane and unremarkable viewing experience. From its lackluster storyline and one-dimensional characters to its inability to evoke genuine emotions and relationships, Gamers! falls short on numerous fronts. While the literal end cards provide a brief respite from the boredom, they cannot salvage the overall lack of substance.. . Gamers! attempts to combine romance, comedy, and gaming into a cohesive story. However, despite its initial promise, this series falls flat leading to a dull and uninspiring viewing experience. While it may have a few redeeming qualities, it fails ...
At the point reached with the 3rd season, even great animations could not save Kimetsu no Yaiba. Although Kimetsu no Yaiba has always been a very cliché and basic job in its genre(literally how to Shounen 101) it has managed to be an above the average job up to this point with the animation quality that everyone is aware of, fun characters and good action sequences. But with the Swordsmith Village Arc, that's all gone. Characters made me want to poke my eyes out. I wanted to slit my wrists every time there is a flashback scene for a character who is about to recieve ...
This is a review of the whole anime series. If you're thinking of starting the series, I say beware because it gets exponentially worse by the season. I haven't read the manga but from the little I found by researching the holes in the anime it is considerably better.. . I am shocked by this adaption. There's a backstab and fake death in every fight, there are so many characters you can't care about because you have no background of them, and so much of the story left out that the plot doesn't make sense. This is no way of making an anime.. . Now, season 1 is good, ...
It's one thing to try and adapt a game into a movie. It's got challenges, things to cut, and you really sacrifice a lot in the transition. We have a different beast here, trying to adapt 3 ENTIRE GAMES INTO A SINGLE 90-MINUTE MOVIE.. . I played the games back in the day, and I have the plot fresh in my mind. You can easily make a movie out of each game, honestly. The problem with the material is the illogical emotions displayed. The game asks from the player suspension of disbelief to a high degree, and it isn't that big of a problem since you do ...
To say that the ending ruined the whole show is an understatement... This is a show of suffering. It should be called Sugar Apple Fairy Hell. . The show sells itself as quite a laid back and feel good anime, but at the end, I feel everything but this. I'm writing the review because it was a bitter ending, not sweet in the slightest, nor warranted.. . To start, characters who had committed irreperable deeds had been kept relevant throughout the show. There were constant feelings throughout of revenge and vengeance, but by the very people who were the perpetrators. Even the MC, who had suffered throughout the show, ...
It really hurts me to give this anime a 4. The studio did such a great job making it visually appealing - if you ignore the CGI for the isekai action scenes. if it were just the art, I'd give this a 9/10.. . But it's not just the art, is it. From the first 3 episodes alone it was very clear that this is a straight up unadulterated wish fulfilment power fantasy. Which in and of itself isn't unwatchable. It can be the kind of fun bad entertainment you have a laugh at; the dumpster fire one takes pleasure in.. This show... is only half of ...
The lack of coherence destroyed any impact this show could've had, the unrealistic and badly thought-out action finished it off.. . . From the first scene to the last, all this anime did was hold crucial information from the viewer only to force a sense of a "mysterious narrative". Basically, you don't know why two characters are dialoguing or fighting until it's reason is revealed at the end or in the next scene. It was like decrypting an enigma in every single moment of this show, often making me inattentive to the current situation as I was trying to decode the previous one, consequently making me completely lost. ...
You want the secret to love, ladies? Well this show right here has all the answers!. . Step 1: Find a guy who has zero discernable personality traits, except for his insistent disinterest in you. (But it's ok cos he's hot.). . Step 2: Pester him over and over and over again.. . Done! That's love! You're a couple that was clearly meant to be together all along!. . This is like every bad YA romance out there. The guy is hot so everything else about him is irrelevant. The girl is the main character, so despite the fact that her only defining features are being annoyingly persistent and constantly whining about a ...
This was horribly botched and the anime has sucked the life out of the series.. . This is another power fantasy, but that isn’t what I feel are the problems of this anime. I like this series very much, but this anime is terrible, and here’s why.. . Every episode is basically a synopsis of what happens in the manga and novel. If you want a good experience with this series, just don’t watch the anime.. . Pros:. You get a really quick synopsis of what the series is about.. . Cons:. ...
I watched this thinking I was getting more story.. . This is an extra episode for the 12-episode series, and it isn't anything you should watch at all. It's an 11-minute scene of people being stupid. The pervert character takes center stage (being the absolute worst one of the cast) to lead a side plot that only makes the series all the more terrible. The series itself has incredible elements that have to be saved up for something in the future, but this is terrible. The characters are juvenile as hell, when the series itself aims for a mature, grounded approach. No situation like this feels ...
So much potential, so many things to love, but just as many, if not more, things I despise.. . Underrated? This is a series that really angered me in many ways. The setting is incredibly fresh, setting up realism as the bar for characters, stakes, violence, or feelings. It isn't a dark fantasy, but a grounded one, where a simple arrow can end your life. A character slips up, everybody enters panic, makes mistakes. Nobody is entirely safe, and even with the constraints, people are allowed to be happy. Even with that, the enemies are beings that feel pain, they scream for their lives, they wish to ...
Everyone in this show is obsessed with dumb stuff that makes no sense. Every single character has the emotional and intellectual ability of a cardboard box.. . Subaru is just absolutely mind-numbingly reckless and makes the dumbest decisions endlessly and gets bailed out by the plot. He gets bailed out by a new powerful character's fancy for him or just because his power to return by death. It doesn't matter what happens, nothing matters. For some reason Subaru is the messiah now and everyone is waiting for him to save the day on every single situation.. . Emilia is useless now. Spends the whole season failing cause ...
“Mashle: Magic and Muscles” is what happens when You want to write a parody but have no sense of comedy.. . We follow Mash (not the awesome series from 1972… unfortunately; yes I know it was M*A*S*H but cut me some slack, that is still one of the best series ever created, with one of the best writing in television history, and I won’t waste a chance to mention it) a Young boy who can’t use magic in a world where it’s everything. After being blackmailed into becoming an exceptional student in a magic school, he has no choice but to climb the ladder and get ...
After watching Redo of Healer with my friends we thought it would be funny to just start watching hentai, so someone (not me) suggested this one. I know it isn't technically hentai, but you kind of know what you're getting into when you read the synopsis. The main issue with this show is that it fucking sucks. Each episode is basically the same, the characters find some new species of woman to fuck and then fuck it and then give a review. Very cool! This continues for twelve episodes.. . The sex stuff is sometimes played up for laughs, but not usually, actually I'm pretty sure ...
The past 5 or 6 years there was a trend called "best girl" anime. The whole thing revolves around pushing the main waifu front and center for the purpose of selling the manga. This gets exaggerated with the anime because now she needs to sell the manga AND merch.. . Enter Yumeko Jabami, her character intro in the theme song AND the show is boobs first. I'm not joking, We first get a shot of her bouncing chest with the theme song saying her name over and over THEN her face. That's not a good start.. . Because everything revolves around her the rest of the "story" and ...
A Lackluster Journey with "Yuusha ga Shinda!" - A Disappointing Anime Experience. . Rating: 4/10. . "Yuusha ga Shinda!" or "The Legendary Hero Is Dead!" promised an intriguing premise, but unfortunately, it failed to deliver on its potential. Despite my initial excitement, it took an unusually long time to get in the mood to finish the anime. Normally, I would breeze through a 12-episode series in a day, but this one took me a week of on-and-off watching, indicating a lack of engagement.. . I wouldn't recommend "Yuusha ga Shinda!" to anyone, as it falls short in various aspects. First and foremost, the humor within the series is lackluster. The ...
First of all, let me get the most important part out of this: Machi is best girl. She's better than anybody else on that show. She's like 10 or 11 acts much older than that and more mature than Kuga. Thank God Fumio has her. I don't know what's going on with him, but they may want to get it addressed. He was especially neglected in the show. Getting 3 to 4 words to repeat after Machi says something just really pretty sad. I know this is an anime that has 12 episodes, but as a parent, that screams out trouble to me. Just a ...
This is a show about gangster middleschoolers yet they can beat up grown adults and it's suppose to have a realistic setting? Not buying it.. . I'm also suppose to feel sympathy for the characters yet they're all a bunch of gangster criminals killing each other in the streets. There's no way I can even care if one of the gang members die. You are suppose to have redeemable characters yet everyone is a villain. Even the main character in the first episode threatens to kill a bunch of kids with a broken bottle because he's in a bad mood and then after that point he plays ...
Not gonna lie,for a manga that I thought to be the next Gintama(Yeah,calling it next Gintama over exaggerate it but sorta),the anime adaption is disappointing.. Not only that they make it a 3 minutes anime,it is a shame that most of the jokes kinda didn't land.Like,they could do a much better job in doing those.While the anime is watchable,it is better for you to just read the manga.It is better.. No comment on VAs,they did a good job at least in voicing those characters.I just hope if they decide to make a season 2 or just remake the entire things,make it ...
This anime is completely useless.. Plot, MC, side characters, harem, fights, animation, you can watch some other anime and find these things but better.. . The MC is op and he does nothing during the story and all characters are bad written and so forgottable.. . Girls in the harem are random good looking girls without a backstory, just they put them there.. . Most of the fights are boring.. . There are only two moments good to watch, some humor moments (not all) and the "I am atomic" moments (just for the sound design).. ...
I will save you 22ish minutes of your life. Read the wiki page for the plot of Air. You will get more details and understanding through that then watching this. Also, to even watch this anime, you have to watch it as a 3 part youtube video because no website has this recap episode. Unless you buy the one Dvd set that has the recap.. . I watched it to see if it did anything different from the anime or retold the anime in a fun way. It did not. You can't even get a full understanding of the story just from this recap because this recap ...
Ep1 was so good that made me excited to see how good the next eps would be. well, I wish I hadn't been so excited, cause the next eps were a complete FAILURE!!. . The story wasn't unique at all, cuz there was no story tbh.. . The art style ain't bad at all, yet I had a problem with the animation that made so confused at times :/. . The characters development wasn't enough for me. I WANTED MORE. +how come their backstories were soooo boring???!!! i'm upset!!!. . Do I think others will enjoy this anime? yes i do think that a lot of people will enjoy watching Jigokuraku, cuz my ...
If you're looking for an Isekai anime to watch then you shouldn't waste your time on this trash where all the Isekai stuff you're expecting is pretty much nonexistent, Yes you read it right NONEXISTENT. This show is 95% just about every single fodder character being impressed by how handsome and hot the MC is, and all the Isekai stuff that you're looking for doesn't happen until around episode 10(?) and remind you that this anime only has 13 episodes, Yes 13. Unless you want to waste your time or torture yourself then you are free to watch it but unless you want to save ...
Do I want to be nice, do I want to be mean? If I wanted to be nice, I probably would have quit the series after the second episode - so I want to pick a fight.. . "Kanojo ga Koushaku-tei ni Itta Riyuu" is a series that, at first glance, would not appeal to me. A woman is reborn as the noblewoman Raeliana, but she knows that she is a doomed character from a novel she read in her last life. So she uses her knowledge to ally herself with the male protagonist Noah, rather blackmail him into saving her from the murderer. But how could ...
Yet another shonen anime.. . In the same vein as Marvel's cinematic assembly line, shonen series are mass-produced in Japan. The result is a recognizable product with only slight modifications, falling short of being seen as art. Everything rings familiar and conventional, and as with any shonen, there's an attempt to inject a signature touch that lacks the distinctiveness needed to truly differentiate it from the rest.. . It's not that the anime needs to shy away from standard tropes: the last speech before a character's demise, the use of flashbacks during conflict scenes, the ever-expanding limits in each ensuing battle, or dialogues that clash with the atmosphere just ...
Okay, Blue Lock.. . Even though nobody cares about default L opinions, I'm doing myself a favour by typing out my harsh rating here instead of filling out the comment section of the anilist entry. It'd look better anyways.. . Looking at Blue Lock holistically, it's a very well-done adaptation. It faithfully follows the beats of the manga, focusing the drawings on high-points and extensively using 3d during its low-points. It's definitely worth noting that this is the most impressive implementation of 3D I've seen thus far.. . But the quality of the production... still feels rather cheap and underwhelming. The drawings are well done but aren't dynamic and lack fluidity. ...
On April 28 20XX, the CIA formed a joint operation with Tokyo PD to help resolve a kidnapping case. As you'd imagine, if the CIA are involved, this is pretty serious business. See, the victim of the kidnapping case, Maria Osawa, was injected with the Ua virus and was set loose onto the busy streets of Shibuya.. . The Ua virus is particularly deadly, causing the victim to violently bleed out of every orifice after 12-24 hours of infection. You can already imagine the means of transmission if the symptoms are *that* horrific. If they did not find Maria Osawa within this timeframe, the streets of Shibuya ...
This is an appalling anime they made a backstory for megumin and they even screwed up the timeline for the actual KonoSuba anime. First the Black Cat that appears doesn't even show up till near halfway into the main story line. Also the whole backstory is garbage not remotely interesting I'd say its only interesting to people with no regard to an actual story but just have a megumin crush plain and simple. Absolutely nothing happens the whole story of any major note. She squabbles with people, does her explosion, gets beat up, gets saved by others, I mean it's all basic stuff without a ...
Anime Genre Roulette 🎰 Review 10 🎰 Super Power. . This anime looks like it is the definition of 2000s edge lord. From the aesthetic to the OST to the... titty gags?. . Anyway, that should be a good(ish) recipe to potentially be a fun watch to turn your brain off to, right?. . Unfortunately.... . No no no just NO!!. ...
I'm sorry, maybe I'm stupid but i swear this movie makes no sense.. I first watched this movie like a year ago and at that point I thought I just didn't pay close enough attention. I'm rewatching the series now and coming back to this movie I was ready to give my undivided attention and try to understand it, but as the movie goes on i just got more and more lost. I don't understand any of the motivations or plans or how anything happens. By the end I was just confused all to hell.. I'm happy that everything I read said the movie is ...
if there were a score lower than 1 i would totally give it. I don't get the idea why the hell someone writes something like this. Like dude, you are a grown-ass man and even have plenty of resources but you write something even 8th grader would embarrassed to write. The characters are a total mess, main character is just so messed up, he has the brain capacity of a 4-year-old. I'm not gonna lie if you are really bored you can watch it to laugh because it is freaking hilarious to watch this piece of garbage. It is so badly written i cant even ...
The first episode fools the viewers into thinking this is an interesting story with unique characters. The show had so much potential and promise because the dialogue and animation felt refreshing after so many cliches out there. However the truth is every episode is just the main character explaining away events. It just feels like a nonstop exposition dump. Episode 2 is basically how the entire show goes on and on and on. My guess as to why most would continue watching is only due to Kotoko Iwanaga being an interesting character. If you feel restless by the end of episode 2 then drop and ...
In our world, mysterious beings and creatures exist among us. These creatures kidnapped a young girl one day, and asked her, Kotoko Iwanaga, to become the god of wisdom. But to gang this power, she must lose her left leg and right eye.. . Over ten years later, during her frequent trips to the hospital for her nub of a leg and eye socket, she falls in love with a man who also frequents the hospital. But to her surprise, the man Kurou Sakuragawa is no regular man. His family line always wanted power, and although passed down through the generations he was the one who was ...
After watching nana, i get into paradise as they said i is similar style. Bu godd it was so boring, i literally watched 12 episodes 1 one week. The main character is kind of bland, mikako girl is misato from nana but in fashion, and although everybody hated george i liked him at least a litlle bit enjoyable. The fast friendship, girl having no struggle with finding jobs, rushed romance is not for me. Art style and story was actually good but it didnt work for he characters. Also i liked dub better, as georges voice is more flirty in it.. If you are here ...
Sōryo to Majiwaru Shikiyoku no Yoru ni... is a hentai where a college student called Mio Fukatani falls in love with her childhood friend who's either a year older than her or the same age as her that is now a priest! Yes, we have a hentai with a horny priests now.. . About the anime itself, the plot is not good and it's just boring. It easily should've been way better. The animation is bad, just like the animation for sweet punishment's anime adaptation. Both animations are very similar. The sex scenes are also not enjoyable which ruins the part of the animation the most. ...
I'm keeping this short this movie is garbage, not even the 'so bad, it's good " kind of garbage but I will separate categories because it's my first time writing a review so without further Ado let's go into rabbit hole(ugh):. . Story:💩. WHAT STORY, THIS IS WAS WEIRD.the story was confusing, atrocious and WTF kind of story I really don't know what went wrong but ugh so bad they are split into 3 separate stories and if I have to be honest the 1st one was good and somewhat cute but the 2nd one was downright fetish-indulgement a teacher fetishing for their students🤢 and don't even get ...
Probably the worst anime I've watched in a long while, near Ex Arm levels of terrible.. . Which is a shame because I thought it had potential when I first saw its trailers.. . -There's hardly any real animation, it's 90% still images and 10% overly detailed eyes blinking.. . -There is no real story besides "One day I became handsome and every female character likes me because I'm not fat". We don't even get to explore the fantasy world, it just shows copy paste images of the forest and then plain images of the castle.. . -The animation studio and the author should be ashamed of themselves.. . I highly recommend ...
On the main page of this anime, it is clearly said that the genres are action, adventure, and drama, yet it seems like there was a mistake. I didn't see any adventure and the action was questionable enough to call action.. . Story: 3/10. Let's start with the story, well there isn't much. The whole story is set in one place only, a farm. Whilst that might not necessarily mean it's going to be bad, when you add to it a plot that is centered on farming, which isn't much of a surprise, then it becomes stale. The majority of this season is about a few characters ...
The swordsmith arc is defitely a downgrade from the preceeding seasons, the fights weren't anywhere as entertaing, the character development was rushed, i mean 4 flashbacks of 4 different characters in one season is just not well paced for the number of episodes the season has, also the backstories are just becoming repititive at this point, not to mention the fact that zenitsu and inosuke got no screen time, they just make an appearnace in the first and last episode and thats it. The only good parts of the season were when akaza was in the alternate dimension and the final episode.
LIGHT NOVELS ARE GARBAGE. . Mahouka (short version of the title) was the next in line to be considered the best LN ever made, claims made by the same type of fans who two years ago were saying the exact same things for Sword Art Online (SAO for short). And once again it is proven how the anime fandom refuses to accept light novels as the garbage they are, and on top of that keeps hyping them as masterpieces.. . TROLL PREMISE. . The first failure comes from the premise itself, which keeps telling you it’s about discrimination. For a society that runs on meritocracy, all mages are rare and gifted. ...
Rule: I start at 5, and add or take away points based on anything that stood out. I have listed below.. +1 Beautiful Visual Art (The use of lighting, camra angles, and sunsets is the bomb.). -1 Poor Story Arc (It goes on and on without a clear or meaningful resolve).. -1 Characters Dialogues (What do the Dilly Dallians do all day? They don't do anything that is the sad fate of the people of Dilly Dally).. +1 Music (I haven't seen this in years and I still remember the tune that plays when Yukito first sees Misuzu.. . This is kind of a dating sim turned into an anime, but ...
Yes this show is creepy, but most of all it's painfully generic.. . I was told beforehand that I would not like the main character because he's a creepy bozo, but I still gave it a chance because everyone kept on going about how this was the ''good'' isekai anime, the granddaddy of isekai, the one isekai everyone should respect.. So I expected at least something about the show to be great, something to compensate for the trash main character. But holy shit is this show mid! And I say mid instead of trash because the animation carries it insanely hard.. . The story starts of slow and it feels ...
This is the first time I've ever been compelled to write a review. And that is because I must say:. . 86 Part 2 rips apart everything made part 1 so incredible.. . Story: 3/10. . The plot is predictable and uninteresting. The writing is cliché and had me rolling my eyes. The action was boring and the stakes feel low. I cannot express how much of a downgrade the story was from part 1.. . Art/Music: 8/10. . ...
Each character is a surface-level cardboard cutout of an archetype, and none receive any meaningful development. Gabimaru the so-called hollow’s greatest feat as a shinobi is convincing fans that he is a deep and complex character by cramming down his love for his wife down the audience’s throat. He is a broken record of a character that knows two sayings, “I love my wife” and “I am hollow” (coping). Besides this master of illusions, the rest of the cast is blatantly one-sided in terms of characterization and development, no character really worth mentioning has emerged from the entire show. With how bad the main cast ...
So yeah, this exists. Why, you may ask? Cuz it’s an easy way for Disney to make a cash grab and popularize Star Wars in the anime community. And let me just get started: this anime is awful.. . First off, gotta explain the concept: 9 episodes, 9 studios making each one of those episodes. Got it? Now this could work, but in the short time each episode has they can only develop so much and the stories do not connect throughout the episodes.. . The first episode was… not bad. It felt like Vagabond with lightsabers, the art style was fun and the plot was decent with ...
After seeing all the fuzz about this anime on the internet I decided to give it a shot, so basically the plot is that the Hotaru (the blacked haired girl starts to kiss the Yuma (the orange one) for some unexplained reason, but the thing is she enjoys it,. . The problem I have with this anime is that first of all, the start of the relationship wasn’t consensual, also Hotaru knew Yuma had a boyfriend, as well as her, but she still kisses Yuma knowing that.. . Also every character except Takeda is extremely unlikable, especially Fujiwara, if a show has unlikable characters most of the time is ...
The strongest part of this anime was the animation. There were several scenes throughout that looked absolutely incredible, but besides that it didn't have much else going for it.. . The main character didn't really feel developed and throughout the episodes there was a general feeling of it being rushed. This was especially noticeable with conversations between people that seemed to end prematurely where it felt like there should've been much more dialoge in thise scenes.. . The prematurely cut conversations also prevented any kind of connection to the characters, making them seems less memorable and a bit lackluster.. . Overall, it's an okay show with great animation, but ...
This story takes place in the Edo period where gender roles are reversed and women outnumber men 4 to 1 due to a deadly pandemic called the Redface Pox which only affects young men. Within 80 years one fourth of the men’s population is wiped out, women essentially run the country and men have no choice but to sell themselves in order to be able to make a living. Traditional families are a thing of the past and marriage is considered a luxury only the rich can hope to partake in. The story mainly focuses on the female shogun of Edo castle and the lives ...
Total waste of time. I only finished it cuz i was promised a surprise ending but there is nothing like it. I love romance and comedy but i can't find even one reson to like this sht. Tomo is crazy and need to see psychiatrist about her anger issues, Jun is gay pretending not to be one. The only worthy character is Misuzu but her alone can't save this failure. During the whole show both main characters show no character development, i got sick cuz of their shouting and crying non stop, their "love" started with no logical reason, all out of sudden. Actually there ...
At first I just relaxed watching this anime because it's still quite fun to watch, For Minase Inori's voice actor, good job, he uses the adult version of the voice in my opinion for this anime so even though he has filled many characters, in this anime I feel there is another voice here.. . For episodes 1 to 4 I can still accept it, but in episode 5 I don't like it, because it's made tense even though this is a relaxed anime with normal romance too, but strangely you make the audience gets tense in episode 5, and this shouldn't exist in a casually paced ...
Long-standing animes like Naruto often compromise quality in favour of quantity. The appeal of such shows, akin to One Piece or Dragonball, typically lies in the enduring relationship between the characters and the viewers. However, the narrative too often morphs these characters into conduits for fan service, constantly introducing new power-ups, fresh appearances, and monumental battles.. . Viewer interest and engagement primarily rely on these characters since the plot, in itself, is not robust enough to warrant the series' extended duration. That's why there's a high degree of hesitance when it comes to eliminating vital characters. While such instances occur, they fail to convincingly echo the looming ...
It's really boring, anything that you think is going to happen is going to happen, the melodrama over swimming is farcical, the main character is the annoying type of autistic, the other characters are nothing burgers with the only one coming close to interesting is the guy with the glasses. The only thing this show has going for it over other sports anime is that it doesn't over explain the sport while it's happening, it's nice quick has some commentary then it's over very much appreciated. It also isn't offensively bad, it's just a bland gray slop of a show some moments more than others ...
I came back here after watching the iseleve anime, I just wanted to raise the rating of this anime a little above the anime. because after I watched Iseleve, I realized there are anime out there that are much more cringe than this anime. in terms of story, I think this anime is better than Iseleve, it's just that in terms of visuals, I think it's lacking. indeed, today's isekai anime has a strange and cringe story, almost all isekai anime that I have met today have a story that can be said to be almost the same.. . . . but the conclusion to this anime is of ...
I don't know why a story like this can be made into an anime, one word that can describe the story in this anime is just Cringe. This Anime is still worth watching because it is helped by the visuals which are quite good for the size of the isekai anime. a lot of things didn't make sense and cringe as long as I watched this anime, maybe when compared to kenja no mago. the anime is still fairly good in terms of story, although kenja no mago's visuals are far below this anime. but I'm sure, if kenja no mago is visually the same ...
To sum-up this sheet "Isekai de Cheat Skill wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Genjitsu Sekai wo mo Musou Suru: Level Up wa Jinsei wo Kaeta" they call as anime is:. . 1- Looks like a powerpoint presentation with bad 30 seconds transitioning of nothing but landscapes.. 2- Beatifull drawn characters but no background, no logic in the history for them, no deph whatsoever.. 3- Even CGI was bad animated making the fights even worst then the bad shit mensioned above.. 4- The season with not a single plot end's up with no closing, it made me shivers thinking they might think a second season of this shit will be ...
[Excluding the second movie from this review]. . The movie demonstrates an overarching issue endemic to the Japanese industry. While it brings forward intricate and distinctive narratives, there is a noticeable lack in proficient storytelling. The show-runner endeavour to entwine romance and emotional depth to invest the audience in a premise that derives its uniqueness from the Sci-Fi element - despite this foundation not being an innovation.. . Unfortunately, the movie leans excessively on the combination of these two genres as a mechanism to captivate the audience. It doesn't succeed in independently immersing the viewer through a compelling narrative. The characterisation formula overly relies on emotional catalysts to prompt ...
Steins;Gate, despite its popularity and acclaim, falls short in several aspects, making it an eh, underwhelming experience for some. Firstly, its pacing can be agonizingly slow, with long stretches of exposition and dialogue that can test the patience of viewers. While building a solid foundation for the plot is important, Steins;Gate often takes it to the extreme, sacrificing momentum and leaving viewers feeling disengaged. Additionally, the characters, although diverse and eccentric, often lack depth and development. Many of them are reduced to mere archetypes, lacking the complexity and growth that would make them truly compelling. Furthermore, the series heavily relies on clichés and tropes, which ...
I don't recommend this anime. It starts off really good and strong then each episode you can tell the budget is running out. It goes from a set story that makes sense until you're in EP 6 and you have 0 fucking clue what's going on. A new boss every ep. People can get away with genocide and just end up with a I wOnT fOrGiVe yOu iF u Do iT aGaIn. The story isn't unique. It's very predictable. Only thing i really did enjoy was the animation and art style. Though sadly you can see the animation worsen as the budget disappears. The characters ...
Another Isekai where it has an interesting concept but shit execution. *sigh*. . Nothing about this show is worth anything. This is just another generic, typical, and cliche Isekai story with the same tropes we've seen before, The animation was acceptable at best it wasn't good but definitely not the worst I've seen. The MC is just another Kirito clone(he is pretty hate-able tbh) And every episode they introduce new characters who are either obsessed or In love with the MC, All the characters we're bland and really not interesting and I did not have much connection to them due to the MC "having met them already" ...
Don't waste time on this. Basically a story about the author's self-insert Mary Sue character. MC faces no real challenges, no real conflict, no real character development, he just becomes a god for no reason. No story either.. . The only shot this had at being good was developing the message of "people will become scared of you if they find out how powerful you are" and delving into the psychological and social aspects of this. Instead, the show actually goes the opposite direction and shows NOBODY being scared of the MC. In fact, everybody seems to be incredibly trusting of him.. . The story takes itself way too ...
this was somehow worse than i expected. there was close to little plot and just a lot of battle scenes that were mediocre at best? Why was there such little explanation/backstory for the main villains of this movie? We still don't really know their motivations or what they were hoping to achieve by "destroying the world". It was so hard to care about what was going on when you don't even know WHY the villains are acting as they are.. . The animation was fine, the soundtrack was honestly pretty good, but the storyline was truly so bad. There were also so many small plot points ...
This is a standard Shonen anime, embellished with sleek visuals.. . The narrative is overly cautious and underperforms in numerous areas, exhibiting a linear moral perspective among its characters that is too simplistic. The dialogues operate on a surface level, merely echoing conventional Shonen ethics without delving into deeper layers. The show-runners seem to underestimate their audience's capacity for subtle understanding, providing little room for the "show, don't tell" approach to storytelling. This issue, compounded by an over-reliance on repetitive plot devices such as flashbacks, disrupts the rhythm and pace of many events, resulting in a narrative that feels stretched out and hard to endure between the ...
I absolutely hated the first season but I thought I'd give Season 2 a try to see if there's an improvement and it will make WfM overall worth the watch. Unfortunately, that wasn't the case.. Season 2 left much to be desired and failed to fix the mistakes of the first season. From underdeveloped characters to a lackluster plot, this installment fell flat and "Whatever" ride again.. . One of the most glaring issues with Season 2 was the lack of character development. It seemed as though the majority of the characters were merely placeholders, barely contributing to the overall plot. Many of the supporting characters lacked depth, ...
Oregairu season 2, my all-time favorite romance comedy anime, left a lasting impression on me. Its captivating storyline and well-developed characters had me completely hooked. However, when it came to season 3, I couldn't help but feel disappointed. It wasn't able to reach the same heights of it's predecessor, and unfortunately, the OVA that followed only worsened the situation. In fact, the OVA added nothing significant to the overall narrative and even undermined the progress made in the third season.. . One aspect that particularly stood out in the OVA was Yui's character. Compared to her portrayal in the third season, she became even more annoying. Despite ...
Narutaru is an anime that I became interested in due to some reviews that gave me hope that this was some kind of hidden gem that was similar to Evangelion. Little did I know it would be no where near that except maybe in tone alone.. . Narutaru provides more questions than answers with various things that add some charm and direction, but never really ties anything off, and to that point, nothing really felt relevant to the overall plot despite it somehow progressing things. There are many times where you're introduced to new characters or information regarding the cast, only for that information to end there, ...
Watch it once, this has peak art and animation, extremely beautiful, I just have to give credit were credit is due. Now, the film doesn't really give you even a second to breath and digest whatever the fuck is going on, by the end I had a headache and not much satisfaction. Felt rushed and lacked any explanations, if you need to see theories, read the original material or whatever to just understand what is happening, then it's poorly written/adapted.. I'm probably being a tiny bit unfair to this because I expected more, but it's really just a fine movie... (Animation and art is unrivaled though)
Short to the point & Spoiler free review after a complete watch... Also Content warning for sensitive people (in many directions). . This anime is amazing for most of it but leaves you with all of the interesting questions open/unanswered in the last 2 episodes.. It has all sorts of interesting topics in it that never get fully explored or cleared up. a 9/10 would be deserved if it was about double the length and actually telling the story from the beginning till the end.... but holy F this thing squandered it`s potential like barely witnessed before.. . If you are a person that does not care about backstories, how things come ...
Look at the cover image, notice the characters. Look at the description and then look at the episode duration. What you think it is is exactly what it is. A character per episode with rushed character development and a very mid story not very focused on the school aspect. The teachers don’t act like teachers and are kinda sus. Main character hard to like. This is a copy of Diabolik Lovers minus the vampire aspect that made the show interesting. I’ve not finished it yet but I know exactly where this is going. Overall I do not recommend this show if you do not like ...
I'm going to keep this very short. Episode 0 is not peak. It is not lit. It is not even mid. It's just bad. It tells the story of Sylphy, who I believe is introduced late in Mushoku Tensei season 1. Question is: Who asked for it? Don't get me wrong. Had this not been boring. I still would say "who cares, ' but at least it would have been entertaining. There's no reason for tedium. I could excuse the poor art work had the story been interesting, but it was not. And, yes, the art work is not good. There ...
I pity you if you got introduced in franchise with that anime.. . Gundam Witch from mercury it's for me the perfect symbol of modern otaku. The modern otaku is a shallow being with IQ under 85 that watch anime at 1.5x speed. If you look for a rollercoaster of emotions, good writing, good characters and a good story this anime IS NOT FOR YOU.. . WFM was made for who wants to get off watching a bad yuri couple, look for an anime character's thights (Secelia) or see one of most weird and bad wrote characters ever get the only thing that you could call as ...
Deus ex machina through cyber-gnosis or simply: Kidou Senshi Gundam Suisei no Majo.. . First of all I would like to appoint that the pace of this show is somehow compromised to help build a relationship between the characters(it starts slow and later gets rushed), that despite this, end up being very clunky just because some of the characters aren't real persons but intend to be like archetypes or merely someones will(some of the characters are literal homunculus), the post prologue beggining is kinda shady about its aim and attain to some college vibes, mixing the casual life of a brand new student with some transhumanist dilemmas. ...
And now, finally, this train wreck is over.. . I'll get to the point. I don't like it. The world building is bad. The plot is bad. The finale is even worse.. . Now to expand on why: for me, good world building makes coherent sense. I can believe this would happen. At the same time established elements of this world should be reinforced to make it more believable. If you're going to open your series with "oh, homosexuality is actually common place" I at least expect a homosexual character aside from the two leads (No, there's no one besides those two that are homosexual.) While one may call ...
Jigokuraku, the anime that was hyped at the same rate as Chainsaw Man and unfortunately didn't come close as an adaptation.. . I am sad with the way this adaptation has come, because the story is very good and has a lot of richness to be explored in anime media.. . It is possible to see right away in the second episode that there is something wrong with the production of this anime, as it "melts" over the course of the series.. . In short, the anime is practically a Control C + Control V of the manga, without adding content that adds to the elements explored by the story.. . Unfortunately an ...
I watched this anime a while ago now, but here I am, very bored and trying to do some work, looking for any mean to escape, and I thought to myself: hey, I have never told the world how I felt about this anime. So here I am.. . I had been suggested to check this out after I finished K-On, and someone here on MAL told me it was excellent SOL, and the score is above 8.00. I also love hiking and trekking, so I said why not?. . Here's why.. . The characters were highly unengaging, with the slight exception of the tall green haired girl and the goofy ...
"Isekai de Cheat Skill wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Genjitsu Sekai wo mo Musou Suru: Level Up wa Jinsei wo Kaeta". . My god, that's a long hell of a title. Please make it shorter.. . Embarking on the prevalent trend of isekai anime, "Isekai de Cheat Skill wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Genjitsu Sekai wo mo Musou Suru: Level Up wa Jinsei wo Kaeta" (or "Iseleve" for short) raises red flags from its lengthy title alone. Despite my deliberate avoidance of such shows, I found myself compelled to watch it as a result of a game loss punishment.. . Story 1/10. . Simply put, It's shit. I'm not ...
Wow. There are so many different versions of Black Rock Shooter, huh? Since there are four versions now (excluding the music), they can be divided into one of two categories: Black Rock Shooter represents one's emotions and pain, or Black Rock Shooter is just another dystopian anime. Dawn Fall fits into the latter, as well as the video game. Honestly, the latter makes sense, if a bit generic. It's better to say that she's a human-computer hybrid devoid of emotions then a being of emotions that also takes away other's emotions in a hybrid of two dimensions. However, even if it's a bit better to ...
Review originally written in 2017.. . Himouto! Umaru-chan is an anime that explores the amusing yet relatable concept of leading two contrasting lives. Initially, I found it easy to connect with Umaru, the main character. But, my enthusiasm shrunk exponentially as I realized her character development would remain stagnant throughout the entire anime.. . The anime tries, and fails, to explore the idea that all people have different sides to our personalities. Unfortunately, this theme takes a backseat to “comedy.” If you find watching a girl repeatedly teasing her kind-hearted brother entertaining, you might enjoy Umaru's antics. If this premise doesn't sound very funny to you, chances are you'll ...
[!]THIS REVIEW TALKS ABOUT THE WHOLE SERIES AND NOT JUST A STANDALONE INSTALLMENT[!]. . Over the years, I’ve been watching harem anime that end up being either vacant and boring or severely infuriating, two sides of the sheer negativity a harem has for the most part. The Quintessential Quintuplets (from here on out shortened to 5toubun) is the biggest offender of both sides—a series that doesn’t care about its story, its characters, pretty much its goddamn everything at this point. Not even good voice acting could save this car crash. Yes, I know you came here when I answered this question “What is the worst harem anime ...
Aight. no introduction lets just get into this.. . Black clover is a trashy battle shounen filled with nothing but bad overused tropes, meh fights with bad animation and animation direction/choreography. barely anything redeeming except for a few decent side characters and some good intro music with an over the top annoying power fantasy mc who appeals to almost nobody. unrelatable. unfunny. with a unhuman like personality.. . the show itself is as if Bleach and Naruto had a misformed baby that got abandoned. with this being the worst to second worst newgen battle shounen. i dont feel like i have to say much more about this. its just ...
Well, this is a anime about female knights in a bikini and that's about the most exiting part of the series. But it's my belief that the writers never actually know what a parody means, as it feels like they slapped a bunch of Garfield comic strips, and then asks to the audience if they laughing about.. . Most of the time, the voice acting is pretty questionable, with some actors begrudgingly forcing their voices for an easy paychek, particularly the villain Deathgeld. I've nothing against the actors, but he performed in this series like a 13-year old high-chain smoker. By 4 minutes of each episode, ...
Just looking for 4 seconds of this deformed Evangelion wannabe, you can say this is the most insulting sense in anime industry. While Skelter+Heaven feels essentially like "i can believe it's not Evangelion that was banned as a eye cancer symptom by the National Academy of Medicine!" but this new middle finger to the Japanese animation industry has something special, it's made by Idea Factory and it kinda give the thought that one of the creators is a 6-year old with the idea levels of a garbage can.. . Skelter+Heaven somehow ended up being the most lazy of the Evangelion rip-offs, with the entire episode having the ...
This is one of those cases where I watch the sequel to something and begin to wonder: “What did I even like about the first installment?”. . It’s namely exactly the same as before.. More of the same even.. Absolutely nothing to push the envelope, if you will.. Identical to the contents of the first season, perhaps.. A homogeneous sludge, if you feel so inclined.. An uninteresting repeat of already established intrigues, as one might say.. . 3 / 10, I don’t even have anything to say. Nothing’s enjoyable about this show anymore. I am free from the waifu bait, let this serve as enlightenment to you too.
One Punch Man x Harry Potter, almost to the point where it could be labeled as a ripoff. That’s just about where the concept for this show ends.. . The show really is just the bare minimum you’d expect from an idea like this. There’s absolutely nothing interesting going on, and no sign of anything interesting happening in the future. It’s a gag anime through and through, which is fine, but it was made abundantly clear in the first episode that I wasn’t the target audience.. . If you’re actually one of the few who’ll stick around for the story and not the lackluster comedy, however, expect ...
The IdolM@ster series needs no introduction...if you live in Japan. Basically, for the uninitiated, it's a series of video games where you raise and train idols to become famous. It's now a multimedia franchise that continues to rake in money to this very day. If you want for information on the franchise as a whole, I recommend the Project Im@s wiki, as it pretty much has everything you could ever need, from game info to translations of all the songs and their lyrics. I haven't seen any of the anime that were made for it...except for this one, The Idolm@ster Cinderella Girls U149, which was ...
A generic show is generic. The only reason I bothered to watch this is because I was promised some never-before-seen action. Sadly, the action is nothing to write home about either. Dont get me wrong, it's good, but not demon slayer or jujutsu kaisen good. Either way, it doesn't really matter, since most of your time will be spent watching the barely existing story. The author clearly belongs to the Patrick Rothfuss school of writing, since many of the later plot points would be right at home in porn. Other than that, there is absolutely nothing noteworthy about this abortion of a plot. Now, there ...
Jigokuraku is the newest member of MAPPA’s line of adaptations of Shonen Jump titles, and just like the previous two, this one is garbage. What I had heard from Jigokuraku before made me afraid, after all, I hear it being compared to Jujutsu Kaisen and Chainsaw Man which is an immediate red flag, but I know some people recommend some series over the most superficial reasons, so maybe, this one won’t be actually that similar to those, maybe this one will be good right? Well, the answer is sadly no, I cannot even say I’m disappointed because I’m not, it turned out to be exactly ...
At this point, I've grown tired of the statement "Jigokuraku is part of the dark shounen trio alongside Chainsaw Man and Jujutsu Kaisen." just because it so happened to be animated by MAPPA. What else? People die in their respective stories, so it should add more to the stakes and make an intense action story, right? By this logic, let's look at Jigokuraku, the next addition to the shounen table. Before I start, I believe it is important to take note of the five core elements of good action for a better understanding of Jigokuraku as an action anime.. . 1. Clearly defined characters. 2. Short-term and long-term ...
Congratulations Apocolypes Zero. You are officially the worst anime I have ever see. Considering I have watched a decent amount of series', you have managed to achieve quite the feat.. . I honestly don't know where to begin. I'll start with the animation I guess. It's definitely below the standard that had been set for the time. The backdrops of the show are generic,post apocalyptic city landscapes. The character art is also truly awful. The protagonist 'demons' are hilariously poor and completely soulless which is also how the regular characters are animated.. . The music and sound are dead, and at best, generic. There is very little else to ...
This is incredibly disappointing! It honestly frustrates me because Season 1 was an absolutely solid anime! One that I would absolutely recommend, but this season basically feels like filler! We continue our development from the end of the previous season, and most of the beats have a similar rhythm. The problem is that this season only features a single thread. The thread is perfectly fine, but it's NOT enough to carry the entire season. If this had been a movie or even 6 episodes long, I would have probably rated it an 8! However, because they decided to stretch it across 13 episodes everything ended ...
It's a piece of crap, and I absolutely don't recommend it at all.. The only reason I endured this anime until the end was to witness how much it could truly suck. The characters are goddamn stupid, and the plot is the most generic thing you'd come across in an isekai (and mind you, I'm into generic plots).. . The animation started off somewhat decent, but in the end, it turned into a damn PowerPoint presentation. They literally slapped static landscapes with background dialogues to avoid animating the characters. It's like they're making fun of the viewers XDD. . The soundtrack is the only somewhat redeeming aspect, but it's ...
This is a disaster. It's a series where the subtext was hardly a secret; it told us it was going to be the big criticism of the idol and general entertainment industry, yet it failed to do that every step of the way. As the series’ drama is derived from the characters and their experiences, let’s examine them to figure out what’s going on.. . Aqua is our main character, Dr. Gorou reincarnated, and he is instantly where the problems start. From the get-go the author gets it wrong with the Doctor's field, he's a gynecologist yet he seems to look after patients who are not ...
Ah, Elfen Lied, the anime every child with unrestricted internet access growing up in the 2000s watched split into 8 parts on YouTube in 480p, an absolute classic.. . So here’s the thing: Elfen Lied sucks.. . I know, I know, what an original take. I probably can’t say anything about this anime that hasn’t already been said, but I’ll do my best to provide a retrospective look at an older show for anyone who wants a fresher perspective.. . I want to start this off by saying Elfen Lied does have its strong points. The worldbuilding and setup is genuinely really interesting, as are the deep psychological elements. The aesthetics ...
A shameless self-insert wish-fulfillment fantasy.. . pLoT. ugly fat lonely loser turns into a rich handsome and strong guy by finding an isekai door. transfers to new school, makes new friends, becomes popular, attracts girls wherever he goes, stands up to his old bullies and flattens them, saves girls from danger like a chad etc... . Let me repeat myself. This is a completely shameless wish-fulfillment story. MC is given strength, looks, magic, money, magic items, weapons.. well, everything, for free by isekai. It doesn't feel "deserved" at all. And all girls are damsels in distress to be saved by MC. In fact, if a girl character has a ...
In this round of Spring, A-1 Pictures only has a single competitor against some of the hyped anime, fighting the likes of Oshi no Ko, Jigokuraku, Demon Slayer, and Production I.G's fantastic apocalyptic anime, Tengoku Daimakyou. So, when you hear that they're adapting a gag humor about a buff boi enrolling in a magic academy, your first thoughts are "This is just One Punch Man infused with Harry Potter lore." Welcome to Mashle, a magical action about a boy brute-forcing through every adversity being launched in the most absurd way possible.. . Enter Mash Burnedead, the main protagonist of this 'comedy' story, as he initially was forced ...
Parody anime can be a hit or miss. Tropes of various settings in anime or live action settings are made fun of, but in order to stand out, it has to nail its comedy, and while comedy is always subjective, this one just didn’t nail it, all the time. It obviously is an attempt at parody of magic academies like Hogwarts, but unfortunately, it just fails to stand out at all in most ways. Perhaps you’ll think I’m “taking a parody anime too seriously”, but when most of the characters are the most stuck-up jerks with little meaningful depth, there just wasn’t much to enjoy. ...
[Very Minor Spoilers]. . "...Even if Elias (skeleton daddy) was lying, he was the only one to ever call me family. I don't care whether you were lying or telling the truth. He was the first person to value me. So until Elias lets go of my hand, I belong to him.". -Chise, Episode 5.. . So these lines pretty much summaries the entire plot. Those lines disgusted me. Let's skip why this is extremely abusive, and focus on why it's wrong. First of all, there was a room full of people that wanted you. You don't know if those humans will not treat you well. They too wanted you. ...
It seems like this was indeed my fault for only looking at the characters, without checking first on Myanimlist, and when I played the video it turned out that there was Kanna Hanazawa's voice. I'm sorry but I bored hear her voice! I've watched a lot of anime with the same voice actor, and I'm bored!. . As for the storyline, it seems like this is just a plagiarism from Takagi-san, the two of them sit next to each other, and the way of bullying them is almost the same, or you could say the same.For those who Already watched Takagi-san, this is just plagiarism from the ...
At the beginning of the episode, the MC entered the sordid storyline and immediately met 5 girls at the same time with various sordid encounters! It makes me disgusted to see it, I'm not that I don't like the Echi genre, but I'm tired of Lucky Sukebe.. . As for comedy, it's also normal, it doesn't make you laugh at all, there's only screaming from the female characters, and the male characters just pretend to be calm.. . The essence of this anime story is just Fan Service, nothing more than that, for those of you who want to find a better storyline, I suggest not watching this, because ...
No. Just. No.. . The main relationship of this anime is gross, uncomfortable, and inappropriate. It's bad enough that an Adult (28) is pursuing a Minor (16)… But the Adult abuses his position of power, authority, trust, and friendship to manipulate and take advantage of the protagonist.. . Hitorijime My Hero actively and continuously points out how this relationship is illegal, inappropriate, and dangerous. The show goes out of its way to remind the audience that this relationship is not healthy or safe… AND THEN DOES IT ANYWAY.. . This story sets BL and Gay Stereotypes back 20 years, and reinforces the false idea that gay men are predators. It's ...
And just like there, there is another OVA from the Golden Era I am unsure about. These older OVAs, when OVAs were the actual definition of OVAs, are a little hit and miss. Now I've written 'OVA' enough for one review, I'll explain why I believe this is hit and miss.. . We are quickly thrusted into the story. We have a young girl (Pai) who has been searching for a boy (Yakumo), turns him into her Wu and then they embark on a journey of turning Pai human. The word 'journey' however I would take with a pinch of salt. There really isn't much of a ...
Isekai wa Smartphone to Tomo ni. 2 - A Mediocre Continuation of an Overused Formula. . Rating: 6/10. . Isekai wa Smartphone to Tomo ni. 2 is the second season of an isekai anime that follows the adventures of a protagonist transported to a fantasy world with his smartphone. While the first season presented an entertaining if predictable concept, the second season fails to capitalize on its potential, resulting in a mediocre continuation of an overused formula.. . The story picks up where the first season left off, with the protagonist Touya and his companions embarking on new adventures and facing various challenges in the fantasy realm. The premise of utilizing ...
Enzai (or, as its name literally translates from in German, "A False Accusation,) takes us to that curiously Japanese part of France where nobody has a French name and everyone is gay. The man character is Guys, named after the gender of people he sleeps with, and together with a bunch of other forgettable characters they seek to survive the horrors of The Prison Legally Distinct from the Bastille.. . Enzai is two things, at once. On the one hand, it is a criminal drama about corruption, about the abuse of power wielded by those at the very top. It is a showcase of the depravities ...
This anime was pretty meh imo.. . All of the characters had so much potential, especially the two main characters. The writer had the right idea but the execution was bad. Why give so many characters traumatic background without giving any explanations? It left me so confused by the end of the show.. . One day it was this one character and their traumatic background, the next day it's someone different. Where are the answers to so many of the questions that were introduced?. . The show had a lot going on for how much explanation was provided. I just wish it gave more context for the audience to ...
Well, after another small 90s OVA I am left with not much to say. This show is your typical anime sci-fi fair. Protagonist are some form of police. Antagonists are some kind of augmented human. On paper, should be decent, in practice episode one and two are decent, episode three is dull. But, despite this, I'll give this review a bash.. . Animation is grea here. Everything you would hope it to be for the time. Looks really great with a nice varied pallet. Character animation is smooth and effort was put in to provide a varied character look. Which is NOTHING like the complete lack ...
It is really bad and I've had enough, I don't know why I stuck with this to the end. Maybe it's the same mentality that draws your eye to a bad car wreck or watching a train derail in slow motion.. . The one positive thing about this anime was the character designs, but everything else was trash. The animation was subpar and the music was ok, but nothing eye-opening.. . Probably the worst thing is the plot which is so patchwork and messy you'd be forgiven thinking it was created by chatgpt raised on the worst the isekai genre has to offer. If a plot point wasn't resolved ...
At First The Anime went really good with the plot but then after the 6th episode i felt that everything isnt balanced and there was no really logic in this anime The Concept is really good in my opinion but they brought it the wrong way. the animation is fantastic but the plot really was too cringe and exaggerated they didnt balance his power really and too much detail to put in only 13 episodes and its too much to handle to much "im sorry" "thank you" like come on and the character is stupid and unaware the most of the anime. which proves my ...
I'll be honest there isn't much positive I can say about this show. Considering I've seen this appearing in a number of 'top X animes' lists my expectations definitely weren't met.. . Animation wise is OK. For the time however, it wouldn't have been unreasonable to expect a little more. It's all quite basic. It's not horrible, it's just ok. There is quite a lot of gore here and though I'm not opposed to gore, I feel what's presented in here is a little unnecessary. Some people may think that gore can never be unnecessary, but those people are massive fans of Hostel, and that film is ...
Yet another terribly written self-insert isekai anime. It teaches the viewer nothing except hope that you have a grandpa who leaves you an estate and magical shit after their passing. Magical shit that can suddenly make you the most attractive dude alive with all the chicks starting to swoon over you. It's nothing new in this genre but I found it hilarious how it literally happens overnight. The character arcs can barely be called arcs, hell, you can barely even call these things characters in the first place. The character's motives are so one-dimensional and cliche that it feels like they were written by an ...
Nah bro nah. I was looking for brain numbing things, and came across this anime and thought, "oh nice, an isekai, overdone concept but usually can be very entertaining." It wasn't. Even for brain numbing stuff it wasn't good. The intent of the anime is so painfully obvious it's laughable. Basically, overweight dude is really good hearted, he inherits his grandpa's house and all his things and moves there because his actual family sucks. After awhile, he discovers hidden room with a magic door, opens it, and vuala a different world.. . The whole thing is basically trying to make good things, or cool things, happen to ...
This is Fat Shaming the anime. Seriously the premise is that a fat guy goes to this other world with RPG elements, immediately loses weight, and all of a sudden every chick throws herself at him and several other questionably good things happen. Essentially this is like watching an AXE Bodyspray commercial that has questionably better production values, is stretched to 13 episodes in length, and doesn't leave a cloying smell in the room when someone lathers it on like a high schooler in the 2000's-2010's.. . Really I do not recommend this anime. I have crap taste, and I found this anime ...
Let me sum Opus.Colors up in 1 word: crap. There ya' go. A one word review the sums it up. Did you miss it? Let me review it again. Crap.. . Opus.Color is about, um, damn I have no clue what it was supposed to be. A coming of age story? Nope. A story of true friendship? Nah not in the way the ML treated his truest friend. Art? eeehhh debatable. Hot guys wandering around in uniform? That! Well, almost. With better animation they would have been oh so much sweeter.. . With art being a subplot or rather a plot device and the name ...
This review contains spoilers.. . Between the polarity of the reviews for Oshi no Ko and the unfathomably high rating on MAL during the writing of this piece, one inevitably ponders how this show really performs on the spectrum of today's anime cluster in terms of authenticity, imagination, and perhaps its primary marketing complement - a magnified, pragmatic articulation of the depraved Idol industry. My first interaction with it came in a discussion on Kaguya-sama, during which I noticed that the writer, Aka Akasaka, has a new manga inclined to be adapted. One thing that probably isn't immediately apparent for the beginner and intermediate anime audience is ...
Everyone should already know that this is a hot garbage isekai by now or 3 episodes into it. Instead of reinforcing the fact that it is hot garbage, let's try to take into the pros of this so-called isekai? Made by the same author whose previous adaptation made me contemplate ending it all, is this even better? OR WORSE?. . Point 1: Wait, this is animated by Millipensee?. - If we're talking based on the low standards we have seen Millipensee has adapted, they have done a really good job animating this one. Even the CGI can be counted as plausible, if you're able to stomach the terrible ...
My first take on Isekai, much worse than I anticipated.. . Story is all over the place, most of the story is like a 4th grader's daydream. Characters are bland, they focused their entire characters to build a harem for Yuuya and they keep adding more and more, no standouts. Character development is non existent. The animation is horrible, I've seen newgrounds video more animated than this.. . I thought I'd enjoy a show about fat guy turned hero but nope, didn't enjoy a single episode. Basically forget the whole thing as soon as it's over.. . I now know why I'm not interested in the slightest in Isekais
This has got to be one of the worst anime I've watched in a long time. The only reason I've even made it up to episode 10 was for the animation quality and to see if things would improve in terms of story and world building.. . It did not.. . Episode 10 was a breaking point for me. The animation quality was obviously inferior, the directing was awful, and worst of all, it's staying dreadfully committed to being awful in every way.. . Right from the beginning of this anime, it's shown itself to be the worst kind of incel wish fulfilment imaginable. Yuuya is painted as ...
The character designs are beautiful, the anime has good action, it pleases a strong protagonist who was weak, the girls are each better than the other, but it has a crap script. In short, the plot is exaltation of protagonism.. . The anime was sold as different because it maintained a plot in another world while maintaining another plot with the same character in the real world. The first impression is that only the isekai part would be shameful, but as the protagonist grows stronger, the aberrations escalate in the real world, in such a way that it ends up looking more ordinary than the isekai world. ...
Isekai de Cheat Skill wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Genjitsu Sekai wo mo Musou Suru: Level Up wa Jinsei wo Kaeta (what a name) is maybe the most self-gratulating anime I have ever seen. This anime is "and then everybody clapped - the Anime". If this is what you want, pure wishfullfillment, you don't have to use your brain at all, it's just the show for you.. The plot of the anime follows the overweight bullied highschool boy Yuuya who has just a horrible life but then he finds a secret basement in the house he inherited from his grandpa and in this basement is ...
Isekai de Cheat Skill wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Genjitsu Sekai wo mo Musou Suru: Level Up wa Jinsei wo Kaeta is literally everything that is wrong with the anime industry nowadays. I would like to say that the premise is generic, but you don't see many isekais that actually go and make the MC be able to return to his real world and return to the other world as he pleases (unless you read Chinese stuff), however the execution of it is completely and absolutely generic and it feels asinine to even talk about what is wrong with this series. since it's literally ...
honestly, if you have to wait for episode 12 before a plot begins of an anime that has 13 episodes, then it's probably better to not start it in the first place. and if i'm getting a cliff hanger in episode 13 so they can try to get me to watch season 2, i'm lowering my rating to a 1.. . this anime is pure wish fulfillment and not even in a fun way. and towards the end you could tell even the makers of this anime got tired of it. the animations were barely that, mostly still images while you heard people talk. it's very sad ...
The author of Shinka no Mi has another work that got translated into an anime? HOW THE EFF DID THIS WORK GET A GREEN LIGHT? WHY?! What the freak.... . If you don't know what's going on, let me bring you up to speed on the situation. In Fall 2021, there once existed a show called Shinka no Mi: Shiranai Uchi ni Kachigumi Jinsei a.k.a The Fruit of Evolution: Before I Knew It, My Life Had It Made, produced by a new studio (at the time)...and it sucked ass. Just over a year later, the sequel came out last season, and it too sucked ass — DOUBLE ...
“And Then Everyone Clapped” the anime. . I never thought that a show can be this bad, but this show proved me wrong. Even reading the manga, the anime somehow made it worse. The story was potential: an ugly guy who was able to travel to Earth and another world, similar to GATE, but worse in anyway. I bet the JSDF will support him for his cause.. . You have a legitimate Kirito clone with looks and voice that has the nicest attitude in both worlds. He was ugly and fat at the start and he was changed into an handsome Gary Stu with OP powers within the first ...
Rokudou's bad girls.....Funny how bad this anime is, so...... . Story:. . Pros: The only pro around here was seeing the protagonist from getting his ass constantly getting kicked by first bully to becoming this ladies man who can get any bad girls fall for him, and have the same bad girls protect him, but....... . Cons: He just have to play this boring good guy card to which he could've rule the school and put an ends to bullying, using a talisman that his granddad gave him, Too bad that he has to be this guy who can but doesn't do it.. . Verdict: 3 over 10.. . ...
The show is a reverse harem isekai with nothing innovative, just a work whose events have no “soul”, it seems that the director does not know how to take advantage of the moment when the scene is happening. But even with flaws, it is a remarkable work, not for its quality, but for having won an adaptation, because in a market so crowded with isekais, to be able to win an adaptation even being a webtoon manhwa with a genre of reverse harem, which is not so seen like that if we compare with the standard harems.. . The idea itself is not bad. The protagonist Raeliana ...
The beginning of the episode seems quite promising, and I try to hope this is to my taste, and try to watch as long as possible But unfortunately I don't like the MC's speaking style, just keep smiling and pretending that he is strong, yes it's really strong! But it's too boring when the main character is too strong, and everything runs smoothly.. . The storyline might look a little different, even though it has the same Isekai theme, but for episode 3, I don't really like the supporting characters Like a devil, his skin color is as colorful as a rainbow, just don't like that.. . For the ...
Upon making my first serious effort to approach this season and see what people were watching, and what was thereby worth reviewing, I was disappointed by how little shock I felt when seeing an idol show not only among the most popular anime of the season, but among the most highly rated anime currently listed on MAL. I was disappointed by how easily my mind filled in the blanks in my understanding as to how a series belonging to a genre hardly anyone takes seriously or seems to enjoy, at least last time I checked, found itself in the center of such limelight, because after ...
Finally, a journey that has been laden through its missteps at trying to celebrate a milestone in the original source material's work, the 25th Anniversary reboot of acclaimed author Yoshinobu Akita's Majutsushi Orphen Hagure Tabi a.k.a Sorcerous Stabber Orphen has concluded after 3.5 years of subpar mediocrity that honestly, no one cares at all, even yours truly.. . Under the helm of Studio Deen and the variable "somewhere to go nowhere" director Takayuki Hamana, the series' reboot came at a time where seasonal Isekai shows were at its abundance, both for good and/or bad. And despite it not being an Isekai but a full fantasy of sorts, ...
I'm sooo disappointed! :'-). As one of my first manhaws I was a litte hypted getting to know the anime-version. Well - I shouldn't have.. Yes it is one of the old (and in this gengre quite) familiar isekai-storys and the plot is pretty much predictable - but the execution of this wanna-be romance is just bad. Despite giving their very best, the voice-actors couldn't rescue this butchery.. . Best part here were the opening an the ending theme. But thats about it.. . The plot between the female lead, who is originally reaborn as the disposable side-character, and the male lead is a little bit back-and-forth. But in the original ...
Mahou Shoujo Magical Destroyers was definitely one of my quirkier picks for the season based off the synopsis alone. An original anime too? After watching an original like Akiba Maid War (which I did enjoy) sure I'll give it a try and oh a I try I did to the very end. All twelve episodes. So I am confident in saying that this series was only carried by it's OP, ED, and OST. Nothing in between those three were substantial enough to save the series with it's lack of depth with both the characters and story. Don't fall into the trap of trying to watch ...
I only watched this garbage with my SO as a joke, and it somehow managed to surpass our expectations for how garbage it'd be. To summarize, this is basically just... white girls in Japan: the anime. To give you a better idea of the sort of content on display here, it's like Tejina-Senpai, but for pet play. If you're coming into this expecting a serious portrayal of getting isekai'd as a dog, then I'm sorry, you'll be sorely mistaken - but I'm sure you already knew that, if you watched the trailers.. . The art and animation is the only part of this 'series' that could even ...
Im gonna make it short.. . My eyes witnessed many gore anime without any problems. This one actually made my eyes open wide and my skin crawl out of my body.. The story and backstory are just basic and boring, basically just a reason to justify these horrible actions.. The scenes are so incest that they are incomfortable.. The art style isn't that bad, but nothing incredible.. The audio of certain parts sounds like it was made in an anti-bomb shelter.. The characters are so undevelloped that they look like bots with commands. They do the most average respond to hardships.. . So...Yea, discusting anime. I don't think anyone would personnaly enjoy this, but ...
This genre has been done so many times in anime history but it's enjoyable every single time. The beginning and halfway of this anime, It was a breath of fresh air from the horrible attempts on this subgenre. But halfway through it flipped around and turned into a horrible mess.. . The animation, storytelling, detail, side characters, etc were very good and enjoyable but it died down, and couldn't keep up, eventually, forcing myself to watch the rest of the episodes was the only way to finish the anime.. . Had high hopes but turned sour. Just cause of the first half it is a 5/10 ...
If you've watched Men in Black, Super Sentai (Power Rangers), or even Totally Spies, you know that these shows can be a bit extra with their presentation and plot. So much so that it works. So when you look at The Marginal Service, it does look like a Saturday morning cartoon that doesn't take it self too seriously and might be fun.. . Here's my thing though: Make it good. Because there is nothing remotely good about The Marginal Service. I am really trying my best to remember what I even liked about this anime other than the idea of the summary. Not plot, the IDEA of ...
This anime is so mediocre it hurts. I feel like people who want to feel different and mysterious watch this anime but it lacks any depth or charm. The characters look like bland free to play "you must save the castle now master" characters that you would find on a phone game. This anime focuses so much on looking good that it has 0 depth and meaning. It focuses so hard on being mysterious and [retty that it forgot to be entertaining which is a crime.. . The story is bland. Anchient beings from a long time ago manifest as a persons pokemon spirit animal from ...
this show is some of the most abhorrently nasty shit i've ever seen, and yet it absolutely fascinates me because i honestly genuinely think it could be made decent while changing very little about the premise. i can see it becoming a pretty good psychological gothic horror if it were actually framed that way (as opposed to the solely titillating approach it attempts to take) and if yui, the protagonist, had been given the smallest modicum of internality. as it stands, the writing itself objectifies her just as much as the boys do, and it's really... troubling.. . the utter lack of insight into yui's thoughts ...
Whew, that was a real disappointment. Whereby this is not only the fault of the anime alone, when there are descriptions everywhere like "One day, however, he was lured into a trap that the king of men had set for him." I don't know why everywhere they talk about "One day, however, he was lured into a trap that the king of the humans had set for him" or similar, because the anime really goes in a COMPLETELY different direction.. . A proper description would be something like "The hero, who ended a long war between humans, demons, and beastmen, suddenly disappears shortly after peace is made. ...
Initial Review:. . Good art, seems like it should be enjoyable. . Watching Review:. . If you are looking for a show with 0 world building right from the beginning this is the show for you. It tries hard to be funny and quite frankly it fails horribly. It jumps right into mediocre ass action with no explanation of what is going on, and then the typical trope of "the power of friendship" comes in. Obnoxiously jumps around everywhere, genuinely stupid as fuck. Quite frankly, if anyone gives this a higher rated score they have the IQ of a goldfish and the reactions of a dead frog. Don't waste your ...
You're welcome to call me cringe, but, I like vtubers.. . I'm not here to share my love for vtubing and how much I love the livers from companies like nijisanji, hololive, vshojo, etc.. . I didn't watch any of Kizuna's streams, although, I don't like the idea of using the model in the anime. Vtuber models are amazing, although I don't believe it's fitting for an anime. You'll see popular vtubers like gawr gura, mori calliope and Ironmouse using their models at virtual concerts and during their streams, but not during their music videos. Due to her being one of the first vtubers, this would've been different. Although, ...
I really liked Kara no Kyoukai. Some of the chapters are more fascinating to me than others, some more ecchi male gaze candy. It has intricate lore and mysterious, conflicted characters who reveal their natures over time, and who are multi-dimensional. I will note, in case the following is ultimately a consequence of the translation, that I listen/watch in English.. . Shuushou is... I don't know if it's because I am spoiled by paying attention to literature and philosophy, but this felt like the pseudo-mystical musings of an adolescent who thinks theology, ethics, sociology, and science in general are all too boring to be true. It's like ...
When Americans try to make anime appeal to the Japanese, well...they range from OK to great; just look at Monty Oum's RWBY series to Cyberpunk: Edgerunners (with the help of studio Trigger). At least it isn't all that bad. . . But flip the scenario, and what about the Japanese trying to make anime appeal to Americans? Well...they range from bad to worse; just look at RWBY: Ice Queendom, and now add it to the category for the worst of the worst: The Marginal Service. . . What's worse is that the previous year, in the same exact season of Spring 2022, studio 3Hz made one of my favourite AOTS original ...
The story potential of this anime was undeniably high, capturing the imagination with its intriguing concept and world. However, as the series unfolds, it becomes clear that the execution falls short, blocking the narrative from reaching its full potential. The main issue lies in the mismanagement of subplots, side characters, and minor motifs, which are given undue screen time, overshadowing the core essence of the story. These narrative elements trample upon the very foundation of what the anime was supposed to be about, leaving the viewer feeling disconnected and frustrated.. . Tone deafness is another significant problem plaguing the anime. The story often skillfully builds up a ...
So i will going to be Straight to the point This Movie Plot Is trash Its a waste of a time for those who like to watch filler movies. go ahead I was so angry Because i thought they will end the series with this movie and for those who watch anime for atleast 2+ years will know the end of the movie in the start 20 minutes. the animation and music is great but the plot is trash 1/10 i gave two because of the animation but even if it was filler movie it was trash and disappointing it wasn't original at all
This show might be my least favorite anime.. . Plot and themes 1/10. In the episodes I watched there was so much blatant incest that I wanted to gouge out my eyes and tear of my ears because it made me so uncomfortable. Even if you ignore the incest the anime is so boring nothing is at all interesting at a level that I would allow me to continue watching this series. This show is only slightly more interesting then school days’ first 11 episodes and it might get even more boring if I watched more episodes. This show tries to present its self as a ...
Right off the bat, let me say that I did not finish watching this anime for reasons I will get into. This anime has been sitting on my watchlist for literal years, so I decided to give it a shot. I mean, it comes from a year that I was binging anime like this and I am not surprised that I put it in my watch later list. It has all the elements that I like, it just fails miserably on execution. There is blood, gore, action, mystery, a good plot premise, and decent character setups. To top that off, Black Bullet even has a ...
Started out ok, ended poorly.. . The premise (as seen in the title of the show) is a pretty good one. It's not very often that you get to see a world for a second time. Unfortunately the show fails to live up to the premise. The idea always seemed to be that since this would be the main character's second time in the world we would avoid most of the standard isekai tropes of learning the currency system and the languages and everyone freaking out over how powerful the MC is. In fairness, we do skip over that. The problem is that we then need to ...
From GeekToys, the studio behind Plunderer and Hensuki, comes something more bizarre and disturbing.. . Dead Mount Death Play’s plot is overstuffed to the point of bursting. The ensemble cast and multiple interconnected plotlines is reminiscent of Durarara or Baccano, if they were written by someone on stimulants. There are like four plotlines occurring at once and only one is remotely enjoyable—the main characters just chilling in their apartment, running an amateur fortune telling business. Its plot is rapidly paced, wildly unpredictable, infrequently funny, and borderline incoherent, resulting in genre-bending trash. The premiere will give you the impression that the whole series won’t take itself too ...
The best part about this was that it ended quickly and half of it was skippable.. . TLDR: It was so bad i had to write my first review for this.. . I love fan service shows. Very little plot or establishing story is fine if the it services the fans but this show doesn't even do that well. There is a sever lack of character variety which makes all the fan service the same thing in the end. With the shit writing, and short time to establish the characters its hard to get invested enough in one character to even enjoy the "plot". A couple of ...
Just like there is junk food, there is also junk anime, and Ben Tou is a fine example. Anime regarding food usually have to do with cooking contests. How to gather the proper ingredients, how to cook them properly, and how to amaze the judges. On a basic level these shows are motivational, as they tell you about the beauty of gastronomy and how cool it is to be a chef. Ben Tou though has nothing to do with cooking, although it is about food. Instead of trying to show or say something, it is just about fighting for whom gets to buy canned food ...
Beelzebub is a slapstick comedy around teenage delinquents and a baby which will become the demon lord when it grows up. The story is by far the weakest part as it is aimless. Nothing is going on in terms of on-going plot and all conflicts are solved easily and superficially. It gets even worse when you get a man like Takamoto Nobuhiro to direct it. His roster is nothing but a long line of pitiful titles (with the exception of Record of Lodoss War, which is rather watchable just for the kitch factor).. . Production values are average to good, albeit worse than the artwork in the ...
Beck is a slice-of-life/romance/motivational show about everyday teenagers aiming to become *random shounen lead pops up* THE BEST MUSIC BAND IN THE WORLD! Now before I start I have to clarify how slice-of-life is for me the dullest genre imaginable. What saves face is when they try to mix it with something else besides that. Romance is the easy way most of them head for. We can’t have a series about everyday people who can’t have love problems, right? And since this is an anime, we just can’t have a show without an indecisive lead or the world will come to an end. Ok, we ...
If you thought Tomori's character was an annoying bitch in the original series, they turned her up a notch in this episode.. . She spends the entire episode assaulting Otosaka, then proceeds to assault a kid, because that's the logical way of getting through kids suffering emotional issues.. . Now, I don't know if this character trait of hers is supposed to be "funny" or "quirky" but unless you're a sociopath, a character like this is not interesting or funny. Basically replace her with any male character in any anime designed to yell and get angry like a fucking moron in every scene. All it does, is make you ...
You might think that this looks like a good survival post-apocalyptic thriller. Unfortunately, I’m afraid that I’ve some bad news for you.. . Although it seems as an interesting sci-fi adventure, it isn’t more than a perverted obscene, smutty, vulgar-obsessions all together.. . Which makes “Don’t judge a book by its cover” relevant to this entry.. . Its visuals are pretty, but this also just makes me feel even more triggered that they had the nerve to animate this twisted story which shouldn’t even have been published in the first place.. . I feel that 2023 brought some of the most disturbing and disgusting premises I’ve ever seen. ...
Well, the isn't much that can be said about Black Magic M-66. It's very short. One of those older little stories of the Golden Era. Do I think it's any good though? Well, not really.. . My first point, animation is lovely. It's really difficult though to look at this Golden Era of animation style without unrelenting love. Every movement, every shade, every frame is just chefs kiss lovely. Is it as good as Demon Slayer? No. On a technical level it's not even close. But it's like comparing the raw analogue production of Led Zeppelin to the crisp digital production of Periphery. We know what ...
Let's cover the positive points first : great animation, great antagonist.... that's about it.. . . Now I'm not gonna cover the zero build up and the trash plot and how the protagonist has been mouth-fed the victory once again and the cringe moments, as some reviews have already done that...I'm gonna cover the big problem that has stained black clover to the point I have dropped the anime and just read the manga, which is the ideals of the protagonist(s) and how they were delivered... . Every main character has a depth that would make him look likeable and badass, and that depth can be in the form of ...
The last review I wrote was for, Shijou Saikyou no Daimaou, Murabito A ni Tensei suru. Where I lamented how derivative the Isekai/Reincarnation/VR Anime genres had become. Well, Isekai Shoukan wa Nidome desu managed to surprise me at just how bad that tendency can get.. . I don’t think this will be much of a spoiler, given that the name pretty much tees this synopsis up. Our MC was once summoned to a another world; does the typical OP hero thing, returns victorious; but at the “victory party” is betrayed; is reincarnated in (yet?) another world (or perhaps his own?), it’s a bit ambiguous; ...
I might've not been the biggest fan of the first season of the show, but I still felt that there was room to grow and hopefully utilize some of the underdeveloped aspects in a continuation of the story.. . Unfortunately, I didn’t really find that anything was improved or capitalized on from the first season, and in some cases, I even found there to be a downgrade. The show is still an energy-deficient mess with expressionless characters and uninspiring visuals, music, worldbuilding, and intrigues. In other words, I just find it very boring, and there really isn’t anything in the show that compels me to ...
I am writing this review after watching all the episodes (13 episodes) and have come to warn people from wasting their time watching this series.. . There is such a thing as "Too much mystery", this anime proves it. You start the series and get all these questions about the world and how it came to be and brings a lot of curiosity (which is a good thing), but then you start to advance the plot and more questions get added and no answers are revealed!. There are different plotlines and we don't know where each takes place, is it the distant past? is it the distant future? ...
Big waste of time, there is nothing that is really good, the production is weak, the direction is bad, the script is rubbish. What it has the most are clichés, inconsistencies and things that embarrass others.. . So rubbish that I don't have the slightest disposition to write one more line about this anime. I also feel that anything I write after I've said it's rubbish will be unnecessary and kind of redundant. This anime is very mediocre, it is a reference to how a work should not be done. If an artificial intelligence had written the script, it wouldn't be so generic, so shameful, so disconnected, ...
Otonari ni Ginga is a fluffy romance anime with a distinct lack of substance. This statement alone sums up my thoughts pretty well already, but I would like to go into further detail about what we have at hand here.. . I think it becomes pretty clear after a few episodes that the entire setting of the anime is just a pretense to show some shallow bits of story. Ichiro Kuga works full time as a manga artist, struggling to provide for himself and his 2 siblings while also being estranged with his mother and having lost his father a while prior to the start of the ...
Contains Rape, demonic sex, tentacles, cumflation, cum regurgitation tight spandex with mental and physical abuse. (Do not recommend for beginners). . Personal take: This is so far from the content I do that I cannot properly assess it... (this not is not kink shaming). . I will disregard the content and simply leave this instead. The animation, and execution of design is so well done it deserved +1 point on my review making it 6/10 on pure technical art style alone. For artists and animators who want to take elements to study and incorporate into their own content it is worth the case study in my book particularly ...
Vinland Saga is the embodiment of anachronism and the self-fulfilment of the mocked utterance "If you kill your enemies, they win.". . Imagine yourself being sold into slavery in 11th-century Scandinavia after brute-forcing your way to the Viking conquest of England’s conclusion as a mercenary. At this point you’re well acquainted with the brutish nature of the Dark Ages and the horrors of mankind--ceaseless wars and raids, slavery, the razing of entire villages, violent wars of succession--and in particular the ruthless 'might makes right' warrior culture of the Vikings which one of your loved ones died at the hands of. Now imagine one day in that traumatic ...
A pretentious and "artsy" show about a bunch of teens who get lost in some kind of alternative dimension or something. It's really hard to say what's actually going on, because nothing makes any sense. Lots of weird and illogical things happen. And yet there's nothing of real interest going on. People stand around holding deep philosophical monologues. And yet nothing of real substance is being said. Some of the teens have random magic powers, and there are cats with magic powers too, and a talking dog, and they are exploring different worlds ruled by random metaphysical laws. And yet there is no sense of ...
A story that is a bit out of the ordinary, but what a disappointment to come across another boring and ugly iskai.. . Always the same story we find an overpowered character who lands with his class in another world only thing that changes, he is summoned for a second Time. Surrounded by a slew of uncharismatic Waifus who only moan and cry.. we will have to avoid war and save this world and fight the evil that manipulates all populations.. The pitch of all self-respecting bad isekai!. . The work on the chara design was more than sloppy, which gives us characters that are ...
well animated fights... and that's about it for the good. story that is rushed and convoluted, boring characters, unexplained power system, horrible dialog, the second to last fight is a cg fuckfest, bad op,ed and ost, horrible character design that makes everyone look like siblings, bad villain, generic mc. dumb name that has nothing to do with the plot and the ads were really distracting "aw man this fight looks really good" the background "BUY CRUNCHYROLL" like mf what do you think im watching this on.. . overall this is just a really generic shounen and I dont get why you would watch this when shounen with ...
How do you turn the world's most boring sport played mainly by middle aged men into an interesting anime? Season one seemed to have figured it out, struggled with some pacing and budget issues, and then completely threw out the winning pieces in season two.. . As an initial fan of Birdie Wing season one when it aired and before it gained mass appeal, I absolutely despise season two. The show initially gained attention by bombastic, adrenaline fueled situation writing that seemed to involve taking psychedelics, shonen anime, and campy lesbianism and throwing it all in a blender and painting with the resulting slurry. And it worked! ...
As a big fan of the series, I was very disappointed with this season. The story goes round and round, around a lot of new characters, and doesn't really reach proper conclusions for their plots. Chise used to be a character that is very close to us, she's very human and overflows emotions that connect with us, but in this season that was not properly portrayed and we end up with too many characters overshadowing her importance on the series, and the same happens with Elias. They (Chise and Elias) have only 1 meaningful and very emotional moment in this season, which is a great ...
I once read "if you want to find a good anime/manga, find one with ugly art. That means the story was good enough to be published in spite of it." However Rokudo is another show proving that wrong, with a story, characters, and animation quality as poor as its art.. . Fundamentally Rokudo begins with a problem. The premise is that our titular lead gains an ability to make delinquent or otherwise "bad" girls fall in love with him. It's explicitly shown early on that this is just hypnosis and the girls have no control in the matter. Rokudo hates violence, and the plot of the show ...
If I had to describe this with a single word, it would be: Amalgamation. An eye-catching, visually appealing one with subpar writing.. . Let me explain:. . Given the enormous hype and marketing campaign this title has benefited from, and the slew of people calling this a "masterpiece", high standards are a natural consequence. This title markets itself as a "reincarnation" & "showbiz" story, with "psychological" and "mystery" elements and exposing "the dark side of the entertainment industry". A once in a blue moon title that strays away from the unified direction and the homogenized structure of the other titles and dares to tell a tale that portrays a ...
This anime breaks my heart. I loved it a lot it was the hidden gem of the season for me. Then episode 12 happened, and all my love for it went off a cliff. I don't understand how this happened I can not understate how much I was enjoying it. The op is still really good I've listened to it on repeat a bunch, and the magic transformations are great too. Is this another one of those Anime that destroyed their story at the end for some stupid Mobile game it kinda feels that way. Maybe another season can save it, but I really don't ...
This anime is genuinely one of the worst magical girl animes I’ve ever seen. I have so many problems with it… Why is a history nerd watching this type of garbage anyway? Well someone recommended it, I felt like it was a task so I had to finish it. Oh my god the amount of bullshit it has is unbelievable. I thought it would be interesting but NOPE. Even by 90’s mahoshoujo anime standards, the characters, the designs, the writing… most of all these were horrible. I only liked Miyako’s dad and his silly group. Chiaki was awful and SO UGLY I couldn’t see the ...
Second verse same as the first... boring.Animation continues to be pretty bog standard, fine, but never impressive. Character depth also continues to be relatively shallow, but some attempts are made. Story continues to be pretty non-existent. Pacing somehow gets even slower. There is less meaningful plot development than season 1 and that's a pretty low bar to meet. Voice acting continues to be kind of lifeless and unconvincing. To add insult a lot of the characters are rather annoying. Op is better than season 1 and the ed is at least as good, but they really don't fit the tone of the show very well. ...
This is the longest convoluted commercial for cream puffs I have seen thus far.. . Mashle is about a dude who has no magic in a magical world, and needs to become the best at a magic academy to continue his life or else some cop will tell on him, becauseeeee, well, the world is darwinist to the extreme, where baby's with no magic will just be, well, you get the point. It seems like it is meant as a parody on One Punch Man and Harry Potter, and probably more, but it doesn't do a good job. At least, not at the comedy part. It sure ...
Based on what I have watched and know about what it does (yes, I've seen enough clips of the final few episodes to know that I don't want to waste my time), this season was abysmal. I probably shouldn’t be this harsh, though this comes after multiple considerations. First, there is a clear and incredibly jarring drop in quality between this season and the first. By nature of how events change between the two seasons, there must be a shift, but for a series that was based on such intensely effective scares and psychological games, it loses more than a few steps in the transition. ...
After watching all 24 episodes of this, with most of it being out of spite, I can honestly say that I didn't like this anime. Other anime have done the power fantasy/harem better, and frankly, it's so much more frustrating to watch with a main character who is this insufferable and side characters who are this utterly infatuated with him. The sexual scenes are needlessly gratuitous and far too common, the fights are just ass pull after ass pull with no real strategy behind them, the reasons why everyone is doing everything remain murky at best and are dumb as hell at worst... hell, even ...
[Spoiler-free should-you-watch review of the entire first season. HOWEVER: I will vaguely describe this show’s content transgressions. Trigger warning for sexual assault involving children]. . Japan, please. Please stop. I can’t handle many more shows with great production and compelling direction that ruin themselves by sexualizing kids and trivializing rape.. . It’s been a while since I’ve seen a show where I wanted less of the protagonist. My problem with him is my problem with the premise: a 34-year-old shut-in dies and is reincarnated as a baby in a fantasy dimension, keeping his memories and knowledge. So far, this is classic Isekai territory, although I personally find the whole ...
The series just doesn't know what it wants to be. It's all over the place in its efforts to build something resembling a cohesive story, trying its hand at multiple genres and doing none of them particularly well. The summary cut that is probably a better show just because it's more streamlined, particularly since I've heard that it evokes Gurren Lagann, and that's definitely in its favor. There are some elements of this that work, but it never gives them enough attention to make them more than side-notes, particularly the motives of the aliens who we have spent this whole season fighting. Just more faceless, ...
One of the sweetest and most infuriating experiences I’ve seen in years.. . This second season takes to the extreme the waste of time to explain the origin of Tsukasa and replaces it with endless hours of corniness and much, much sugar, which becomes unpleasant.. . Important characters like Tokiko appear and try to solve the mystery of Tsukasa, but there are always interruptions that prevent this from happening.. . Of the 12 episodes of this season, only 2 are worth it, and only partially, since the rest of the time they fill it with situations that cause a diabetic coma.. . I’m a fan of romantic stories, but this series is getting ...
Summoned to Another World for a Second Time? What is this, the anime version of Back to the Future, but shitty in every way? . . To be honest, ask any Isekai connoisseur if they enjoy as much trash as they like, because Japan will not relent and release more than one Isekai show like this, which begs the question: "When will the Isekai trends ever die?" And in this season, more than that reincarnated aristocrat harem of a fantasy show that turns out to be subpar-ly decent, there is one show that makes the cut for the worst offending idea of all: novelist Kazuha Kishimoto's Isekai Shoukan ...
Overhyped and Bad. . This is what the people on twitter and other social media platform are hyping up? The so called dark trio of the modern shonen? Give me a break. The story is good, the characters are serviceable, the premise is just a survival-slash-tournament-arc-slash-insert-plot-twist-for-the-modern-consumer. Don't get me wrong, the story IS good. I would've liked it more if I had just read it BUT this adaptation is borderline trash. Even worse than the newest mha adaptation, which is regretful because that series' story is even more trash.. . So this adaptation hurts more because its actually good but without the great animation you expect from ...
Backstory for the MC, this one starts strong, but quickly decides it's going to give him the most disturbing backstory it can, and then it loses me. The show goes out of its way to add reasons for him to be traumatized, and while I like good suffering in my MCs, this one just felt absurd. All I could think was that there's no way he comes out of this being any kind of OK, and frankly, it still doesn't make sense. I have a better opinion of it now that I've seen S2 because it at least gave more context for it, but I ...
It’s been a while since I’ve seen a show on which I so dramatically disagree with the ratings on MAL and AniList, but here we are. This one was frustrating guys. Not sure why it’s above an 8 with most audiences. There’s a MAL review that I thought captured it pretty well, though: it’s a shonen cast and story set in a seinen world of pain and misery, which leads to a lot of cognitive dissonance as hyper-motivated boys (who are largely stereotypes) face down more realistic villains.. . I'm having trouble deciding on a score because there was so much wrong with the first half ...
A production by World Masterpiece Theater, a company know producing stories that take place outside of Japan with a classical book/story vibe (often adaptations of said books), this was their last project and, much as I’ve been told they have other great works, this was pretty underwhelming and drastically overrated.. . There's a good deal of charm to this anime, not just in its animation but in its almost storybook telling. The plucky protagonist bonding with friends along the way to some potentially dreadful adventure and managing to make the most of a difficult situation is always going to be a good time.. . That being said, this series ...
When I looked at this initially, I thought it was a bit of Kingsmen meets Bungou Stray Dogs, and while that’s mostly right, the comparisons don’t do it any favors. It doesn’t have the kinetic action or suave sophistication of Kingsmen, it doesn’t really have the character bonds, development or direction of Bungou, it’s just… there.. . The show has a grand total of 5 major characters, spending the vast majority of its time developing two of them: Finn and Chris. That might be fine if Finn wasn’t a bog standard shonen MC that didn’t have anything interesting to him (the best comparison I have is to ...
What a fucking mess. That's what this series is. I'm going to advise anyone who is reading this that to not put your expectations anywhere near subpar... actually, don't bother with this series at all, and I'll explain why.. . This series is a visual novel based adaption that has various elements of other genres. The problem is that these genres are not incorporated in any logical form whatsoever. Many times you will be left wondering what it is that you are even watching. To some that might be a good thing as it can be an element of surprise, but I assure you, you won't feel ...
Ich habe den Anime angefangen zu schauen weil die Beschreibung vielversprechend und interessant klang, da es sich um einen Original Anime handelt wusste ich nicht worauf ich mich einlasse. Ich hätte nicht viel verpasst wenn ich ihn nicht geschaut hätte.. . Story:. Die Story ist sehr bizarr und random, mir kam es oft so vor als würde man auf Krampf versuchen einen Anime zu machen der anders ist das war manchmal schon sehr übertrieben. Jeder hat einen anderen Humor aber bis auf ein paar Momente hat mir der Humor in Magical Destroyers nicht zugesagt, die Comedy Aspekte sind schon sehr speziell. Der Plot Twist am Ende kam wirklich ...
"Tonikaku Kawaii" Season 2 presents a story that, while not entirely unique, still manages to provide enjoyment for fans of the romantic comedy genre. The plot, although somewhat predictable at times, maintains a level of charm that makes it endearing. If you appreciate the genre's familiar setup and tropes, you may find yourself enjoying the series despite its predictability.. . The art style of "Tonikaku Kawaii" Season 2 remains fitting for the story. It retains its bright and lively visuals, capturing the essence of the characters' emotions and complementing the lighthearted tone of the series.. . The characters in this season feel slightly less well-rounded compared to the first. ...
Honestly trash not worth watching it’s like watching a fuse go out on a fire work but watching it for 6 minutes and then it’s a dud. It was like every other romance anime not really good story or unique/ which I was not surprised because most romance is bad style the characters were not well rounded and annoying the reacted like kids high schoolers not collage students it was overall not good it won’t get another season so just open ended but would most likely drag on the way it is in definitely if they did more I think most people will not enjoy ...
[Story] 2 - The story is shitty. There were a lot of cliched moments, a lot of moments that didn't make any logical sense, and a lot of cringe moments. I don't think the story was boring (albeit for not-so-great reasons), but definitely oozes incel energy and the characters in this anime do not act like normal human beings at all. Overall felt like it was written to fulfill some kind of fantasy.. [Art] 6 - I love the designs of the girls, but overall the art is very unimpressive, especially for a 2020s anime.. [Characters] 1 - God awful. All of the girls are very cliched ...
Yuri is My Job! is complicated because I feel like the base story basically has nothing going for it and the 'thing' that starts the story is hilariously terrible. But there are some decent elements underneath that, you just need to be a little patient. But does it pay off?. . Story: Yuri is My Job! is the latest in the Girls-Love series which kind of has a similar setting to Maria Watches Over Us, which is a really old series that takes place at a super catholic school. I say "sort of" because our cast of characters aren't actually at a school. ...
High-Rise Invasion, More Like Panty-Rise Invasion.. This genuinely could have been something I remember seeing the manga first and thinking it looked cool as hell but holy shiz the anime adaptation is just straight Garbo. The Dub was terrible besides the sniper mask being decent. There are so many untold plot parts, alot of the same recycled things, boring characters, and so many awful things with this anime.. . Unless you're just filling your list, I don't recommend it.. . The art style was mid, fan service was just annoying, dub was obnoxious, The blood was too much for simple blows, story was left on a super mid cliffhanger, wouldnt ...
I don't understand. Is the Isekai sub-genre of actually letting your family members be OP, a thing now? Because if it is, it's a shitty sub-genre that is already on the journey to its downfall. . . If you do not understand what I mean, do you remember one-time novelist Dachima Inaka's Tsuujou Kougeki ga Zentai Kougeki de 2-kai Kougeki no Okaasan wa Suki desu ka? a.k.a Do You Love Your Mom and Her Two-Hit Multi-Target Attacks? Yes, it's the MILF-sekai novel-turned-anime happening all over again with yet another one-time novelist of Konoe's Isekai One Turn Kill Nee-san a.k.a My One-Hit Kill Sister. Haven't we had enough of ...
A lot of people complained about the "bullying" in the anime. But it wasn't even that bad compared to other things I've seen. The only reason I dropped it was because it got so boring and the glasses guy who I can't even remember the name of doesn't even have a backbone so he was boring as hell. I knew that it would get better I knew it but I just couldn't watch more because of how boring it was. If you're going to make a romance anime you gotta show how good they look together or at least draw it in somehow. I can't ...
I literally created an account on this site just to warn people of the hazardous levels of waste you might expose your eyes to by watching this filth....The Story was a Boring Bland and a monotonous drivel, a literal waste of money to adapt a manga into this 12 episodes which serve nothing but to waste time in your life, time which can never be gotten back.. I need to really rant on the story but just to go over the other features of this "show" quickly.. . Characters: Meh 3/10 very boring and uninteresting with them ranging from acting so dumb and incompetent to just being a ...
The anime is just as honest about what it's really about as the truthfulness of the lies surrounding the media. Which is to say, not at all. The anime completely deceives us since it's not a drama but a cringe slice of life in media setting.. . The so-called "drama" is supposed to be built in two parts. For starters what the anime tries to sell us is to show what it's like to see things from the perspective of performers in the entertainment industry and the problems they have to deal with, which affect their lives, physical and mental health—a consequence of the media industry. However, ...
"Gobo, gobo gobo gobo gobo, gobo gobo gobo gobo gobo! Gobo gobo!". Translated: "We are the Mahou Shoujo...Magical Destroyers we mean! We are the last hope for the Otaku who support us, and we'll fight to the death of those who dare oppose us!". . In 2001, from the brillant minds of the former Gainax and Hideaki Anno's protégé Kazuya Tsurumaki, Fooly Cooly a.k.a FLCL was released to the masses, and even some two decades later, the bizarre, surreal hodgepodge coagulation of a show is still being talked out to this very day for being ground-breaking in its own right due in part to its symbolic content, unusual ...
In the history of harem anime, never before have I seen such a premise as this. If the anime adaptation had come just before the advent of the abundance of similar shows like it, this show would have stood a chance. But as it stands, mangaka Yuuji Nakamura's completed series of Rokudou no Onna-tachi a.k.a Rokudo's Bad Girls, coming in at 233 chapters in 26 volumes that was serialised between June 2016 and April 2021, Satelight's anime adaptation being a chunk of change for the experience of selling the manga to anime-onlies, in my opinion, it's honestly too late of a call that it feels ...
First of all, I want to say that despite some of the controversies related to Kouji Seo and his works, he has kept up a level of consistency in both the anime and manga industry. His most popular works have received anime adaptations including Suzuka, Kimi no Iru Machi, Fuuka, and now, Megami no Cafe Terrance. The latest one perhaps got the speedrun treatment as it was announced faster than any of this other adaptations. That being said, I confess to say that Megami no Cafe Terrance is nothing short of mediocrity.. . Based on his latest work, Seo decided to jump onto the trend of maids. ...
The whole show is basically carried by animation only. Aqua is a weird simp for Ai (Like he is 50 mentally and she is his mom), and Ai Hoshino is the by far most OVERRATED character. He is like a weird rip-off of Ayanokoji. Plus it has no fanservice. The manga has horrible art. .This show is barely watchable. The characters are heavily trope-induced. the main character Aqua has a large harem including his mom and sis and several other girls at least 30 years younger than him. The characters has no depth!! The main attention is Ai. It dosen't have enough potential to be ...
What is your definition of insanity?. Insanity is doing the exact... same fucking thing... over and over again expecting... shit to change…. The first season of tonikawa did manage to shake up the anime fandom quite a bit gone were the days of waiting for three seasons for the couples to actually become a thing , we had them marry right from the get go! and to top it all off we got decent character writing , good progression, almost diabetes inducing cute and sweet scenes, and an actual mystery brewing in the background about tsukasa and her origins.. But in season 2?. Amusement park episode , hot springs ...
My review as in written in "Düsis Awesome Seasonal Anime Review" (which is a review series I write for exclusively a single friend, you won't find it anywhere):. . "Allegedly an isekai, though you can't see it through all the self-insert-wish-fulfillment. Oh sure, let me be the fat and bullied kid, but because of my superior quality - being literally right about averagely nice and empathic - I suddenly get a model body, superpowers, invited to a prestigious school, a social life, and everything. The gods bend over backwards for me, and probably wipe my rainbow-colored shit from my ass while they're at it. But disregard my ...
The story sure is unique, but the story is frustrating, there are some personality difference which is a good factor. The Fl was unique at first but soon enough it was clear that she was selfish or maybe self centred,she doesnt come close to an understanding human being and on the other side the Ml is childish earnest, even clumsy but he still understands stuff and is all over an entertaining character.. I really liked this anime in the beginning but by the end of it the things were just the same there was no change all together other than some relationship forming. There was no ...
Do you want to get bored to death? Do you want to get irritated while watching characters having the same annoying repetitive arguments nonstop? You will barely finish an episode trust me.. . Overall this was a horrible watch, the characters don't evolve they stay the same throughout the show. The relationships between the girls are always stuck on childish behaviors. The main lead is a dumb f*cking written main character that only cares about her Façade. She wants everyone to like her through blatant lies.. . Then you got Sumika whose jealous of people having relationships within the workplace, and she does absolutely nothing to stop it, ...
Google Glass: The BL anime. The whole premise of this anime was doomed from the start.. . Enter the 'Sci-Fi' of perception art - it's literally Google Glass (or the highly ridiculed and memed Apple Vision). This concept was invented by one of the MC's parents (Kazuya). Fast forward 10 years and now our MCs are going to school for this so-called sci-fi concept. How is this Sci-Fi if the concept is literally something we already have? In addition to that, the cast eventually gets divided into two groups, which is known as Graders and Artists. Anybody would be able to predict that this will end ...
This anime is a scribble. R18+ anime is under the dominance of energy-saving-ism; however, this is not a reason for an anime to deliver such bad graphic performance. Its animation is just like powerpoints or even worse than that. It completely lost to its business rivals, nukiges, which commonly use static CGs but significantly higher quality than this. You will waste your precious 15 minutes if you want to watch this.. How do people do 0721 in front of this sh*tty tape.. . Graphic: 2 of 5. Audio: 3 of 3. Satisfaction: -1 of 2 (I’m irritated because of such cheep graphics). Final: 4 of 10
I was particularly harsh with this rating because I felt that it wasted my time. I never felt like there was enough of an explanation about anything that was happening and the reason it was happening. The character development was very poor as I never really understood why he was putting himself into this melodramatic position to begin with. I felt that the resolve was not strong enough to make him do anything really. I mean there was barely any romance, the main character was dumb to say the least and if I was ever to interpret the anime in any other way, I ...
Just to preface, I watched this without reading or knowing of the original story this is based on. I expected a great, exciting story of revenge and manipulation, but it didn't really deliver.. . Story - 5. The story is meh. I think it starts out well but then goes downhill when you start to get close to the climax. It is a revenge story, but it doesn't feel as intense as you may think it would, and when you do get to super exciting/suspenseful moments, something will happen like someone being destroyed by a hug... not even joking. Or, someone will show how conceited they are ...
Seasonal isekai anyone? Animation is average, complete forgettable and uninspired, but not hideous. "Action scenes" are typically cut away from, and have zero suspense. Characters are fairly average, hardely any depth and mostly just empty shells that feign to have any emotions, but not the worst. Story is incredibly bare bones. Isekai, new world, op, magic... whoo exciting. There is literally no gimmick or any twists. Just kind of is. Pacing is slow and, if you are like me, will hardly keep your attention for more than a couple minutes at a time. Voice acting is pretty soulless and unconvincing. Relatively grating, but not the ...
This anime's overall message to its young female audience and its fetishization of mlm relationships was concerning and annoying.. . CHARACTERS: 2/10. . Every single romance option (aside from Asuma Mutsumi) was EXTREMELY shallow. They only wanted Serinuma because of her weight loss. Not a single one of them truly cared about her feelings, her hobbies, or her overall personality as long as she stayed thin in all the right places. There are so many moments in the show where each of the love interests do things to court Serinuma at her own expense. None of them were all that likable. (aside from Asuma Mutsumi) Serinuma herself was a ...
Shiki was honestly a disappointing watch to say the least. It was one of those stories with great potential, but just didn't make the cut.. . CHARACTERS: 1/10. . The characters were probably the worst part of the whole series, which is sad because this easily could've been rated higher if the characters were well made. This is a series that I feel like was heavily carried by the characters, their personalities, their interactions, and their development. Yet none of the characters stood out that much which made the anime a drag to watch. All of them were generic, predictable, and honestly? Not that likable. Some were okay and ...
Steins; Gate is a challenging anime to enjoy due to its complex plot and unrelatable boring main character. The MC is very cringe-worthy, he talks about topics that are difficult to understand. I feel like half the time I'm watching some nerd talk to himself. To be honest, that's what it really is. The story itself is confusing and requires extra research or explanations to fully grasp. Due to the time travel aspect, it's the kind of anime where the last episode is like the first. Everything is connected. I normally enjoy time travel anime but they have to keep my interest like erased. This ...
* It's a Konosuba prequel focused primarily on Megumin and Yunyun; other key characters from the main series only make small cameos near the end of the season.. + The art and music is pretty good! This is especially impressive considering it was made by a relatively new studio.. ~ As a comedy duo, Megumin and Yunyun are nowhere near as funny as the usual Konosuba cast (Kazuma, Aqua, Darkness, Megumin), let alone funny enough to carry an entire season.. ~ The plot begins at Megumin's hometown, and stays there for half the season. The story does pick up once we leave the Crimson Demon village, but it ...
There is no requirement for romance elements in media to be “wholesome,” nor that it needs to be something life-affirming. However, *Yuri is My Job!* is resoundingly successful at making it seem like the dynamics of a yuri relationship, even a playacted one for the bemusement of the patrons in the show’s café, is the most misery-inducing thing on the planet for virtually everyone involved. That’s not to say that affection, romantic or platonic, cannot bring sadness or complication, because it’s a given that that’s a possibility. Rather, the setting for this anime engages in an aggravating pageantry. As the characters act out the Liebe ...
There are two things I hate about AniManga in general: pretentious over-the-top drama, and Yuri (if done wrong). And unfortunately, mangaka miman's Watashi no Yuri wa Oshigoto desu! a.k.a Yuri is My Job!, just didn't go anywhere and meanders around its footprints to create a convoluted story that, honestly, can be done in a short and small order, or that the mangaka had something in mind to weed out from a Yuri love story that could go far based on the setting alone.. . Over the past few years, Yuri shows have gotten a lot more diversified, though whether based on existing source material or made original, ...
Way too much talking it pains me to watch this series. First season was ok because there was a bit of a story line but the second season has no real storyline or link between most episodes, it’s really just mini stories/mysteries which for this kind of series I don’t really like. This series really relies on the whole you didn’t know that I know that you know type of resolution and it gets really boring and repetitive.. . Seriously, there was barely a breath between characters talking let alone the characters rambling on for a whole episode.. . I would not recommend the second season of ...
From the start, I didn't really expect much from this anime, the reason is simple, there have been too many anime reincarnations in other worlds with almost similar storylines. The main character here looks geeky when he saves a girl he pretends to be cool even though in my opinion it's just normal, and this is one of the things I often see, Besides being a talented MC is nothing new to me especially the reactions and background music seem exaggerated.. Maybe one more thing the voice actor is female, I wonder why it has to be female? The MC's appearance or hair that looks ...
This wretched excuse for an animation budget pisses me off. What a waste of resources. This show is your typical bottom-barrel, garbage-tier "overreaction" anime. Everything has to be fucking overreacted to. These characters can't just have a normal fucking conversation for once in their life. Do people actually enjoy characters like these? To me it's Sturgeon's law in action. You get nothing but unrealistic "UWAAAA!", so the characters aren't even conceivable in this multiverse. It's a show I get it: doesn't need to be 100% realistic that's not what I'm about. It's perfectly understandable to exaggerate emotions internally, but not externally through a character's behavior ...
Many people say this show went downhill after the first season. I think it went downhill right after the first episode.. . The show has an interesting start, full of intense and emotional moments that keep the viewer engaged and curious about what happens next. However, everything drops after that. Let me divide this review in 3 main points. . 1) Technical stuff: it's frankly pretty good. The opening is great, and the music fits well the mood of each scene. The show has decent animation, and it never feels like they just dropped the ball on important moments. That, however, is the only praise I can give to ...
Did you enjoy season 2? Want to watch it again? Then watch season 5! Oh sure, some things might have slightly different names (such as "piranhas" instead of a snake). Some things might be said by a different person. There are even moments when something that was only implied in season 2 is made explicit. But basically, plot point for plot point, season 5 is identical to season 2.. . You even still get to keep all your favorite characters from before, not only because some of them return to watch the inter-high, but because many characters are carbon copies of characters who have graduated, only ...
"Aura: Koga Maryuin's Last War" is an anime that attempts to tackle the complexities of 'chuunibyou' with a serious twist. While it delves into the emotional aspects of adolescent escapism, the generic and cutesy art designs detract from its intended depth. The story touches on important themes but falls short in execution, leaving some scenes feeling forced and lacking impact. The characters' journeys are relatable, but the overall presentation may come across as pandering to a specific audience seeking waifu tropes.. . The climax of Aura: Koga Maryuin's Last War is unfortunately marred by unrealistic, corny, and cringeworthy moments. As the narrative reaches its peak, the execution ...
Princess Resurrection is one those shows that is a complete waste of time. An episodic monster-of-the-week show that goes nowhere, with no sense of progression after each episode. Just some random shit that happens in an episode, and forgotten in the next, never to be mentioned again. At least with JoJo Part 3 and onwards, even with a monster-of-the-week format, it's still building up to something with each episode, but Princess Resurrection isn't building up to something, so there's no real plot until the last couple of episodes.. . It has comedy, but it's not really trying to be funny most of the time, and you can ...
Congratulations aqua, you are no longer considered the most useless part of Konosuba. This spinoff is literally lazy filler writing only saved by cameos. The positive reviews are just crying megumin and Yun Yun without any evidence to show any actual plot and character development. . . Megumin feels the exact same before and after spinoff. Same know it all loli wizard. Yunyun is the same Clutz. They could have put a backstory for the villain but no. MEGUMIN, YUNYUN PEAK FICTION my ass. I cannot believe people are just blindly giving good reviews to this fillerfest since most of the community does not like the spinoff. The ...
EPIC FAIL. Worse than Aqua. You were the most aniticpated anime after Demon Slayer and Oshi No Ko and you dropped out of top 10 on all polls and under a 4 star rating on Amazon. They wasted Konosuba Fantastic Days funds on this garbage and now that game will end service eventually.. . Don't waste your time with this prequel. Nothing more or less happens and it is just a way of regurgitating what you know knew from the previous 2 seasons. There is hardly any character development if Megumin and Yunyun feel like the exact same characters. It is being positive review bombed but most of ...
At this point (ep 249/500 and having watched Naruto Original), i can safely say i am bored.I started watching this because its one of the most popular anime in the world and i thought i'd give it a go. The story is really good but its diluted by the fact i spent 20 eps watching filler of characters and places i dont care about and are not good to watch along with 20 further eps of filler AFTER the story arc of people and places i do not care about. Its a bitter sweet feeling as i do enjoy it but i am constantly riddled ...
After 15 episodes, I had to give up.. It was really painful to watch Ranking of Kings: after the first three episodes, the plot slowly becomes completely non-sense and characters act stupidly most of the time.. I'll explain briefly which are the best and worst points of this show for me:. . ART & ANIMATIONS (8): the anime's cartoon style is actually pretty good and portrays decently every character.. Good settings, colors and animations: dynamic and well-detailed (I couldn't expect less from an "overrated" action anime).. . CHARACTERS (5): I'll give only a 5 because for the reason I mentioned before: they're well-drawn. Only that.. Most of the time the characters act without ...
It was honestly a total downgrade even the ep 5 and  6 on the original run were a downgrade but this takes it to another level I've read the doujin version of it had some hope that it could be improved or be better but oh boy I was so wrong utter disappointing nut.. . The art style was really a turn off for me if I had to compare from the first og run its just levels down from where we started.. The characters are the way they art but followed by an horrendous animation in my opinion it us just appalling I've even thought I rather ...
The first few episodes of this anime were interesting and showed great promise with interesting ideas being introduced. I felt excited to find out what was going to happen next. Unfortunately, after only a few episodes the anime stopped being interesting because instead of building on the ideas that were introduced at the beginning of the show it became boring and the plot started to barely move forward at all and nothing interesting happened. It became repetitive and each episode was basically just about that single episode on its own without contributing almost anything to the overall plot.. . So it became a repetitive anime where each ...
I gave S2 a watch because S1 was my guilty pleasure, as a trash anime it was enjoyable, but it was by no means a good anime, if we're all honest about it, this whole series is pretty bad.. . S2 however is worse than S1, I made an initial mistake by thinking Smartphone Isekai was trying to be a parody / satire of sorts, but with this series it became obvious that it was simply collecting all the genre tropes and throwing them at the wall in a half-assed way, it doesn't commit to anything, everything is just a checkbox.. . In S1 you did have a decent ...
You know that extremely annoying character from KonoSuba? The one that is annoying all the time and that I hate with all my heart? The one who ruins every scene that character is in because of every stupid thing that character says? Yeah, that character is Kazuma, thank God he isn't here. But sadly, that is one of the only good things I can give credit to this series, because this series lacks basically everything that made KonoSuba endearing.. . This series is a spin-off about Megumin and how she was before she was part of Kazuma's group. There is a little problem with this, and that ...
I Got A Cheat Skill In Another World and Became Unrivaled In The Real World Too.... is below average honestly. I didn't go into the anime with high expectations but after getting as far as I have it's safe to say that the show fell very hard from where I was initially going to rate it.. . There is some level of "world-building" but not until over half way through the season/cour. As the series progressed it only became more and more trashy with over the top fan-service and the supporting cast starts to feel out of place and useless.. . The title of the anime definitely is ...
Rising of a Shield Hero: A Troubling Journey with Uninspiring Characters. . 1/10. . "Rising of a Shield Hero" falls short in its execution and character development, perpetuating harmful gender dynamics and resulting in a deeply unsatisfying and problematic viewing experience.. . The series perpetuates troubling tropes surrounding slavery through the protagonist's acquisition of a slave. This narrative choice romanticizes and justifies a dehumanizing practice, failing to adequately address the ethical implications and downplaying the historical atrocities associated with it.. . Character development is lackluster, with the protagonist, Naofumi, devolving into a one-dimensional, angsty hero. The supporting cast, particularly the portrayal of female characters, is a glaring issue. They are often reduced to ...
Dissonant Notes: A Lackluster Melody - A 2/10 Review of "Ongaku: Our Sound. . "Ongaku: Our Sound" aims to explore the world of music through the eyes of a high school band, but unfortunately, it falls far short of hitting the right notes. From its unengaging characters to its disjointed storytelling and troubling handling of sensitive subjects, the film fails to capture the essence and power of its subject matter. Furthermore, its problematic depiction of sexual harassment, where the harasser is rewarded instead of being appropriately held accountable, further undermines the film's integrity.. . One of the most significant flaws in "Ongaku: Our Sound" lies in its unengaging characters. ...
TW: This anime discusses suicide at length, so be prepared for that and avoid it if you can't handle it.. . This was perhaps one of the most disappointing dumpster fires I've seen. The anime starts off alright. Art is fine, characters are believable and the story has some intrigue. However, as the story progresses, we start to lose track of the characters, and we get wrapped up in ethical discussions that try to appear deep, but ultimately sound like they were formulated by a child, and we end up with a somewhat expected conclusion. This could have been a much better story, but as one reviewer ...
I have to admit that I really find "Demon Slayer" worse and worse with each new season.. . And I'm repeating myself, because I already said that in the review of the movie and the last season, but let me rattle it off again.. . The first two episodes were once again godlike. Demon Slayer has mastered a humor that I incredibly like. Slice-of-life scenes, in which Tanjiro simply relaxes, are incredibly well done, especially because characters are very sympathetic, fleshed out and diverse.. . As it should be otherwise, though, the series again only has in mind to deliver the most impressive fights. Beautiful animations that can't be topped, breathtaking ...
It kinda hurts to say this but this was some trash ass anime.. . Don't get me wrong but thew first season really was way better then the second. Maybe its because I only watched the first 3 episodes but I was really hyped for this anime. I really enjoyed the first season and it passion and emotions and what the kingdom did wrong against the MC was bad but it gave a great depth to him and the side characters and the teaser for this season with the sea battle and the exp event was kinda fire. But i don't know why they changed it to ...
“Vtubers were a mistake.”. . Vtubers. You've probably heard of them; they're the best (and worst) thing to come from Japan as of late. Based off of the idol concept of the still-popular Hatsune Miku, many early ones, such as Kizuna Ai, Kaguya Luna, Mirai Akari have catapulted the concept into what we know of it today; especially Hololive, which had my personal favorite, Uruha Rushia (rip) and Nijisanji. They’ve even gone as far as having collaborations in notable mobile games such as Counter;Side and Azur Lane. However, there's one territory VTubers haven't explored; TV anime. Basing it off of Kizuna AI, the most popular of the ...
Sports are a boring genre for me and mechas that don’t blow things up look out of place. Surprisingly this series is not really just about sports or mechas. It is more about wacky characters, boob ecchi and awesome ShoesTM advertisement.. . The setting: An Earth-like planet where the poor live in ghetto-like cities while the rich are on the ultra luxurious, full of neon glow and fireworks moon. The backgrounds look marvelous. The show is full of explosions, semi-transparent advertisements and fireworks. It’s like the circus came to town. A huge amount of detail is given to everything and the artwork style has a slight western ...
Sit comfortably in your chair and enjoy this excellent review :). FOR EVERYONE WHO HAVENT STARTED ONE PIECE YET, PLEASE DON'T TORMENT YOURSELF. One piece is not worth watching from my point of view. I utterly despise this anime for its lack of everything except the plot. Let's start with the arguments proving that one piece is not worth watching. First and foremost for majority of the people it is awfully long, the pacing is tedious and revolting. Frankly speaking instead of 1065 episodes it could fit into 700episodes. Let's move into the characters, there is paltry amount of them who are not cheesy and you ...
Takt Op Destiny was an amazing 10 episodes. I was enjoying the music, the animation, the action, and even becoming attached to some of the characters and their stories. I thought the world was interesting and unique compared to most modern anime worlds. I don’t get the other criticisms people have been throwing out about fan service and waifu bait?. . But wait…. . There’s 12 episodes?. . Look… if you have the insatiable desire to finish any show you start, don’t watch this. If you can stop in the middle of a show and be fine with the high quality content you got, then go ahead and watch the first ...
The concept of a Mangaka, encompassing both exceptional artistic talent and exceptional writing, has always been a challenging feat to achieve. To possess one can already be considered lucky, but to excel at both is truly rare. While there have been exceptional Mangakas, Makoto Yukimura's Vinland Saga Season 2 unfortunately falls short of this mark.. . Part 1: A Mockery of the Norse Culture. Vinland Saga Season 2 can only be described as a direct mockery of the source material that served as its inspiration. In contemporary Manga adaptations, one would expect a deeper exploration of the chosen setting. However, Vinland Saga neglects to incorporate any elements of ...
Before I start to collapse writing this review, I want to leave a question for you. "When you go watch an anime, what is the main feature you want to see in the work? Or do you not even care about that, and just want to see what it has to show you in general." In my case and the second, I just want to appreciate the work that was created, even if there are millions of similar works already, without worrying about a specific characteristic. Sorry, I just wanted to get off to a more relaxed start when I talk about bad works, so ...
Blue Gender started strong... for 15 minutes. It's all down-hill from there. Despite having a ton of tags & genres, it doesn't do any of them well. Quite the opposite, it manages to do every single thing it attempts worse than if it had just neglected to tackle it in the first place. I honestly don't even know where to start with this, but I guess since he was the first thing you're introduced to, let's start with the main character, Yuji. Awoken to a hectic battle, with the power to simply run away in horror, you can immediately empathize ...
Black clover was one of my favorite anime and this movie was so disappointing.🤦🏿‍♂️ The anticipation I had for this movie was killing me only to end up watching it and killing my mood. Everything felt rushed. It was so hype in the beginning and i was up at my seat and then slowly but surely plot armor kicks in. It feels like the villains are villains for the sake of it and with no real purpose. I seriously hope when the show comes back that it is not this bad. I love this anime so much and this movie made me so sad.
This was such a confusing and disappointing anime. The pacing was too fast and at some point the plot kind of lost me. The ending was horrible, nothing really made sense. I think that the only thing that carries this show is its characters. However, some of them are pretty inconsistent and the most annoying one was Nezumi. Also is it just me or Nezumi and Shion's relationship was a bit toxic at the beginning? Like, whenever Nezumi would get angry on something that Shion did, he would start to yell at Shion and occasionally punch him. I think it got better in the last ...
I am big fan of "Trash Isekai" genre. I love to see how broken or deranged isekai trope can become. And when people say "This is another trash isekai" -I am all in.. . This title is none of it, it's just borring. Main Character litteraly reliving his previous life in another world(even names of episodes suggests it), exept this time there is no thrill drama or feeling of unknown. He already know every significant figure all places where he needs to go and have maxed out relationship with everyone(including antagonist).. . At the same time it's not horrific as some other "trash isekai" titles, and i ...
“The Eminence in Shadow” is what happens when an anime decides to go head to head with “Seikon no Qwaser” for the amount of edge and cringe on screen… and somehow wins!. That in itself should prepare You for what You’re about to experience.. . Now… I get that this is supposed to be a parody but the problem is the show plays a lot of its parts completely straight.. . The show uses cliches You’ll find in most self indulgent fan fiction:. - Harem of hot chicks? Check. - OP AF MC? Check. - The MC not being capable of making mistakes? Check. - Living in a world that bends over ...
To every choice you make, there is a version of you that made a different one. An infinite number of you, meeting an infinite number of me. In every one of them, I will fall in love.. Thematically this is a beautifully romantic idea, but that is about the end of the good to this movie.. . I will be judging this movie independently of its partner movie. As I feel this, if done correctly, could, should, have existed as its own version.. Now, when criticizing a medium, work, I believe it to be best practice to substantiate your claims with how you would do it, within the ...
Would you like to watch a story of a creepy 34 year old man, transmigrated into isekai as a baby??. . Mushoku Tensei: Isekai Ittara Honki dasu, is a standard Japanese anime of 2021. Therefore, there's nothing much to talk about its art and graphics, it just as you would expect.. Let's cut to the chase.. . The main problem is the story, The protagonist of this series is as i said before a 34 year old neet, who died and transmigrated in another world as a baby, and from the beginning he had this creepy eye on his own mother, later even on his babysitter. But that's not all, ...
I have never seen anything so appalling before. I went in watching blind, that was my first mistake. My second mistake was when I laid my eyes on the first episode, I thought this was already going to be a weird anime because he was reincarnated as a dog. But, I had hope that they would change it into something wholesome where we see the life of some teenage girl going through some drama in her life. But... sadly no. My third mistake was continuing and watching the entire series. I want to throw up.. . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS UNLESS YOU ARE A WEIRDO.
This shit is awful.. It is a story about 2 women and one ugly bastard , but do believe me , this man is not just ugly he is so old i bet when he was born rainbows were black and white.. the 2 episodes are terrible, no good scenes as it always rape and they would just not shut up, i just had to be a chad and watch it with no headphones. both parties would just not shut up. They always talk about saving the crew but i only saw the 2 woman and the UG and one dead corpse at the end, ...
Despite all the hate it rightfully received, I really enjoyed the first season of In Another World with My Smartphone. The English dub of the first season brought self-awareness to the characters, injecting humor into an otherwise insipid storyline. This season, that spark of life from the English voice actors is sorely absent. Everyone goes through the motions, counting the days until their paycheck arrives.. . Season 2 is purely an abysmal descent into the depths of mediocrity, doubling down on the repulsive misogyny and complete lack of creativity of its predecessor. The episodes are a disgraceful showcase of women reduced to objects.. . To start, ...
Like other people said here, it's a pile of garbage. The 1st episode is simply awesome: it's well animated, it has an intriguing idea for plot, the characters are beautiful and it makes you think it'll be a top tier anime for this season. Then everything starts to crumble each episode: you start to try to focus on finding a plot, and there's NONE. Each episode is like a filler, each new character that is introduced is forgotten forever after its first apperance, and the ANIMATION crumbles to the point that when you reach ep 12, you can barely find 5minutes of animation, it's all ...
Well. I hope I'm wrong, but Ufotable seems to have gone the way Mappa had - they grew too comfortable on the park bench and can't help but throw at us whatever waste they have at hand. Anime industry really is like feeding pigeons: get them used to you with a fancy treat or two, and next time they'll gladly eat any garbage.. . Let me preface this by admitting that I do know where the real problem lies: the manga. KnY is not a literary masterpiece, far from it in all honesty. There's glaring issues all over the 205 chapters, and the Swordsmith Village arc is ...
I'll just start by addressing the animation. I can get over the animation, so it didn't really impact the score, but the animation is weird. It is basically Sonic Adventures DX animation. Very clunky, hands not really holding things, hair going through shoulders, etc. The backgrounds and characters were not in the same style which made them look out of place.. . While the animation was odd, it could have been overlooked if the story was good. I think the movie had a good premise/idea behind it, it wasn't executed well at all. There are lots of plot holes, a lack of explanations, and no follow-through. ...
Overall Impression: This is the season where the wheels fell off. Every bad tendency that Demon Slayer has displayed in previous years is amped up to 11 in the Swordsmith Village Arc and the action spectacle has eroded to the point that it's no longer capable of papering over serious and foundational flaws. Deeply disappointing that one of the most popular and celebrated anime series in recent years has devolved into this.. . + Positives:. While I was negative on the action as a whole, this is still a high budget Ufotable project and some parts are undeniably slick, and the fire effects in particular look quite good. ...
If you are researching how schizophrenia is portrayed in media, this anime falls short of providing an accurate representation.. . If you were hoping for comedic content that goes beyond shallow sexual references, this anime will not meet your expectations.. . If you value your well-being and want to invest your time wisely, I strongly advise against engaging with this disappointing piece of work.. . Here are a few reasons why:. . The anime is riddled with an overwhelming number of negative post-hypnotic suggestions, which can be mentally draining and unsettling.. Rather than providing insight into schizophrenia, it may actually make you feel more confused or misinformed about the condition.. It initially entices viewers with ...
Other people have covered most of the aspects of this anime, but people keep saying the animation is good. I want to address this because it's blatantly false. Maybe they are conflating the art (which is pretty) and the animation. Maybe they mean good for it's budget (which must have been tiny). Maybe they're high. Whatever it is, the animation for this show is one of the lowest quality I have seen in a long time.. . There are constant side scrolling still images, the show feels like a cheap visual novel game a lot of the time. They avoid animating people by having them face away ...
If there is one thing I love and hate about Japanese culture, it's the advent of Vtubers a.k.a virtual YouTubers. Poised out of the alternative ashes of the still-popular Vocaloid Hatsune Miku to this day, it's with the world No. 1 Vtuber Kizuna AI that set the world on fire, creating a new generation of Vtubers with numerous companies spawning out everywhere to the scene of iconic ones like Hololive (my personal favourite Gawr Gura) and such.. . But if there is that one avenue that the Vtuber scene should NOT have touched, is anime, and we get the long-awaited Kizuna no Allele. Courtesy of the collaboration ...
Vinland Saga Season 2 is a complete disaster and a waste of time. It's supposed to be a historical anime about Vikings, but it's more like a soap opera with boring dialogue, unrealistic characters and plot holes. The animation is terrible, the music is annoying and the voice acting is cringeworthy. Thorfinn is a pacifist who can't fight for himself or his friends. He's constantly lectured by Einar, a farmer who thinks he knows everything about life and morality. Leif Erikson is a useless old man who can't navigate or sail. The story is full of clichés, contradictions and inconsistencies "I have no enemies". There ...
I'll be brief;. 1. All the budget goes into the animation, and anime fans will call anything a masterpiece as long as it has cool fights.. 2. Absolute dogshit storytelling; story is not anything special, and the amount of times the MC gets a flashback that just happens to be containing the specific hint about what he needs in that given moment, is ridiculous. This mf has a flashback every 4th swing of his sword.. IF youre looking for a good simple anime, watch this.. If youre looking for something that will require more than 3 braincells and actually give you some brain thought or engage you in some ...
Vinland Saga, you’ve heard of it, it is this incredibly serious, mature and realistic series telling a tale of Vikings, rich in great characters, whose visuals are breathtaking and it has one of the greatest stories to ever be conceived in manga and anime… except, all of this is a lie. Vinland Saga as a narrative isn’t really enticing, and the realism dies on the very first minute of the first episode of the first season where a guy chops 4 men standing separately in a square-like formation and a mast in the center of them with a single axe swing, and it doesn’t get ...
The guilty pleasure of Isekai trash is back!. . Boy, oh boy, would I have never entertained the thought to see Isekai Smartphone make a return after almost 6 years since Season 1, which while everybody complained that Isekai has reached peak mediocrity at the time in 2017, I find myself quite enjoying the show. In the post-era where Re:Zero reignited the fuel the year before that more than it exploding in popularity almost overnight, the anime industry has earned a cash-cow in the process that would proceed to slowly decimate the quality that we've come to expect from the seasonal Isekai trash, with only 1 or ...
it was just Mid! (┬┬﹏┬┬). . Sorry, I am not a manga reader, so forgive me for my rude opinion. But this is what I felt after watching season 1.. . They said it was the most unique show, but was it? It was Naruto all over again. Why must every Shonen character be a miserable, useless piece of shit before they get random ass power-ups out of no wear? Also, it doesn't help when the main character has the most boring, generic backstory.. . Hell, it wasn't like Naruto was any original HXH coff, HXH coff, and for some reason, literally every shonen anime tries to copy Naruto.. . Also, ...
Too much backstory for too many uninteresting characters in this season. A desperate effort to create nuances, and scratch that sympathy in an attempt of characterization, but falls flat to be deep that it instead ended up being exposed wide open to our faces on how unashamedly forced and unimpressive a lot of things are.. . This whole season feels like nothing more than a speedrun attempt on the author's side, who's maybe just starting to realize now, how much bigger the whole concept is for them to handle, or to commit any more of their time into. It feels tiresome and uninspired. And their biggest qualities, ...
I came into this pretty much expecting a typical overpowered mc isekai. I did expect lazy writing, I did expect an incoherent plot. But damn, this show has literally 0 actually written characters. Every single "character" is a plot device at best. If you stopped to think while watching this even for a second you would realize that the only thing that makes sense in this anime is that it's completely and utterly stupid. There are no consequences for anything, the characters are fractally 0.3 dimensional at best.. . If you think, the main character would mentally be in his 40s. And with overgodly power at his ...
Although Basilisk is essentially Romeo and Juliet with Ninjas, it becomes more like yet another example of why death games are bullshit, unless they are called Battle Royale. The inherent problem they have is that they are never about the story or the characters; it’s about seeing people die and, supposed, feeling sad about them. Only thing, you can’t feel sad about them because they die too quickly, too close to each other, and you already know that they will die at some point, so who gives a shit? It ends up becoming more like a game where you are cynically trying to guess who ...
This plot was initially interesting, but the ecchi themes ultimately turned me off especially during the final moments of episode 6. Additionally, Sagiri and Gabimaru are such bland, unlikable characters that they really didn't offer much in terms of relatability. I think the plot and art style was decent and the ending song was great, but I don't really support ecchi or harem anime in general, so for that reason I'm dropping this show! If you like ecchi or harem anime then you'll enjoy this show since it does have a decent plot, but if you're like me and do not like heavy amounts of ...
In such an over-saturated market when it comes to isekai, I was looking forward to this adaptation quite a bit, as the original webtoon manhwa (which, by the way, you can read on Tappytoon for a reasonable price) and the novel is quite a decent shoujo isekai.. . While the source material is not perfect by any means, I would consider it to be a standout due to its rapid pacing, fun chemistry between the two romantic leads, the way it's filled with gags from beginning to end, and the fact that, for once, the isekai part of the plot plays an integral role into the story ...
Firstly, one of the main weaknesses of the anime is its narrative and pacing. The story often feels confusing and poorly developed, jumping from one event to another without a proper flow. The events are poorly explained, which makes it difficult to understand the plot and connect with the characters. The fast pace also results in the loss of important plot details, detracting from the viewer's experience.. . Furthermore, the anime suffers from poor quality animation. The action scenes, for example, lack fluidity and visual impact, leaving much to be desired compared to the manga. Character designs can feel generic and uninspired, making them difficult to get ...
An anime as boring and mundane as smartphone isekai.. . Plot. MC sent to isekai by knife-kun. MC meets gods during baptism and they make him OP. The eventual tropes like family is shocked, MC gets praised, MC defeats S-class monsters, MC saves girls, gets engaged, becomes a noble at a young age, villain's seal is weakening and so on.. . As you can see, the plot ticks all the boxes of "generic isekai" checklist. Now, there are two questions.. 1. what does the anime offer apart from the generic trash? Nothing.. 2. How good is the execution of generic story? pretty boring.. . MC whines like a ...
This anime is just weird. You won't really gain anything from watching this anime, there's no real plot, and a cliffhanger at the end which is annoying.. . Basically the anime is about a boy who enters a new school, and gets forced to join a school club so he joins the photography club but turns out that it isn't actually a photography club but a sex club. Then they have to keep track of how many people you have sex with and if you haven't had sex with anyone you will get gang raped. What could be more exciting?. . Story: 1. It wasn't interesting, it's a pretty ...
As a fan of simple animes I don't always require top of the bill in everything. Thus Black Clover was also one of my favorite "easy to watch"-animes. However, this has nothing more to do with Black Clover than a simple fan-made highlight clip on YouTube.. . The one thing it does decent is the only thing that's shown for 110 minutes of TV. There is basically no plot besides "just because". No storytelling, no character development, bare-ass explanations for the absolute abuse of powers. It has nothing to do with the manga. It does not build on the story.. . It's two hours of my life ...
This movie was subpar. The best thing I can say about it was that it had really vibrant colors. The lighting and bold color scheme made every scene feel reminiscent of a 90s toon. From the rich reds to the deep purples, this movie feels like the embodiment of a lively summer day. The lighting shifts dramatically through the movie, which transforms the scenes of the movie into like paintings. Even with the already colorful tone of anime and cartoons, this one stands apart. Or maybe I'm just a sucker for sunset colors.. . It was cool that Chopper got a spotlight story. The supporting cast of ...
I don't like this series. So please, don't listen to me!. . Ok, if you still here, you have to know that this is the umpteenth time I have given this anime a chance: To deepen their narrative, to not be a carbon-copy of other titles, to not lazily use other's anime tropes, to explain their magic system, to be their own identity. But they refused to do all of that! And instead patting themselves on the back, saying: "What if, this time, we do the concept of Hokages resurrection from Naruto?". . The power scaling is all over the place. The root of the main problems makes no ...
a let down to say the least , as many would have let you know in the forums, and as an indian i have to point out that this show has a setting that is completely the same as an indian movie by the name of 'drishyam'. if you want to not waste of your time ,and constant cliffhanger cockblockers that amount to almost NOTHING! id rather recommend this movie than my home hero which poses as an mystery thriller and fails on the thriller aspect so hard that the mystery one even if competent falls flat due to the friendly fire.. . . plot (6/10). the setting was ...
Does Kimetsu no Yaiba even need an introduction at this point? The first season blew up like crazy in 2019 to the point it turned into one of the most popular anime series, the movie is the highest grossing anime movie of all times, and this is already the 3rd season. The problem with this season isn’t that it is doing the same thing as the previous one, the problem is that it does that worse than its predecessor. Everything is a downgrade from the characters, presentation, visual effects and yes, animation suffered a downgrade too.. . This arc focuses on two Pillars, Mitsuri (the energetic pink ...
Welcome to “The Astrocrat’s Otherworldly Adventure”, the first anime to be written, animated, and produced by ChatGPT! We’re witnessing a truly breathtaking milestone in the AI industry with-... Wait… what? What did you say? What do you mean by “this show was made by actual people”? How the hell was this approved by a human with any common sense?! Well, I’m not sure what was going through the executives’ brains when they pushed this show out the door, but I’ll tell you what was going through mine when I watched this mind-numbing experience.. . . THE FANTASY CHECKLIST OF FAILURES - Things don’t happen because they make sense; ...
The longer I think about this series, the lower my score gets.. This is not an exaggeration. I don't get why I finished it, probably because I wanted to make sure that it's actually trash. And it is.. Bad animations, mediocre art, dull standard story, hollow and aggravating characters, negative(!) character development..the list goes on and on. And I'm usually watching most isekai garbage. But this one is just too much.. It's like someone had the idea to make an isekai with someone reincarnated as a vending machine but forgot to actually draw it and then just drew whatever he thought was fine. It's like the isekai ...
I'll start by saying this is my first review so i'm sorry if it's a bit messy.. I don't know if this makes much of a difference but i never played any of the games.. I started watching this since it had a good score and looked like something nice and light to watch, your classic adventure story where you have mc gradually become stronger and meet new people each with there own interesting story. Since i don't know how to write a review I will just be listing all the things that annoyed me.. . - first of all the CHARACTERS, they all get thrown into the story ...
If what you’re used to is reading the writing of SingleH drowning in the poison of liquor or stumbling through the daze of the following hangovers, then I’m afraid what you’re going to now have to get used to is the writing of SingleH desperately clawing through partially self-induced insomnia and, relevantly, unprecedented exhaustion and overwork. Back during the Fall 2022 season of anime (before my not-at-all self-induced Winter 2023 vacation), I was writing a lot of sappy, optimistic shit. I was writing a lot of ooey-gooey, Disney Princess shit about how happy I was and in what a loving social circle I had finally ...
Perhaps I’ve just grown up. When I watched Season 1 of Demon Slayer a few years ago, I genuinely had a great time with it. Episode 19 had me incredibly emotional, and I was in awe over the world-class animation by Studio Ufotable. The Mugen Train movie was incredible as well, with a very emotional scene at the end. I enjoyed Season 2, but not at the same level of Season 1, since it was mostly fight scenes with very flashy animation. It was not until this season where I noticed how garbage the dialogue is in this series, and maybe it’s just because I’ve ...
Oh God...why am I still here, writing reviews for even the most generic, baseless uninspired, copycat Isekai story where there's dozens more like these that are just as "good" as how first-time novelists think they have a winning formula on their hands with the usual "Syosetu web novel, then converted into LN, finally converted into manga" schtick? Honestly, I blame the Japanese audience for this, because the West has little to no power of basically why this isn't translating into bowls of food for just authors like Yashu, but for everyone else involved in this lame-ass project and many others, thinking that generic Isekai hasn't ...
I didn't like Wicked City because it was nothing more than sleazy porn, a visual representation of someone's weird rape fetish, which had no point except to fulfill people's disgusting inner fantasies (hey, it's not harmful unless it hurts anyone). It had great visuals, creature designs, and decent action, but the over-the-top sexual exploitation of our main heroine did not gel well with me. Kawajiri would do it again in his more famous work Ninja Scroll, but that one at least seemed to be making a point out of it rather than simply trying to give people boners.. . Demon City, fortunately, does not have that ...
''Hey, are you a fat miserable teenage boy who's severely bullied and whose parents have disowned you?. Don't worry, we have a solution! BE SKINNY AND CONVENTIONALLY GOOD LOOKING!''. . That is basically the show. Thank you.. . But seriously, after you shift your mindset for not to be watching a show that can be taken seriously, it's okay. Because It is THE power fantasy show where the MC just cannot fail at anything. He gets OP superpowers which mangle his body to become so good looking he accidentally ends up in an actual modeling photoshoot. It is actually repulsive how they wrote the MC to just ...
Who greenlit Tokiyo's voice? It's like when you ask your friend to do an impression and they make a total mockery of the voice - fine for the short term, but having to listen to such an annoying voice for the entire series??? What the hell is that cadence, it's like the voice actress phoned it in after having just woken up with a lazy groggy voice and decided to run with it.. . When she ad-libs at the end of episode you can hear her natural cadence which is much more pleasing, so why the hell did she choose such an ear-wrenching voice on the ...
This show is bad. Like really bad. The main character is supposed to be this OP level Hero, but we never really get to see it. Most episodes are just meant to introduce a new character who is obsessed or in love with him.. . The fights are static. The blows between characters have to feel to them. There's no character development. Luckily this show is just 12 episodes.. . There is nothing unique or interesting here. As I said before, the fights do not make up for the bad story as they are just as boring. You are better off skipping this one.
I enjoyed the first season. It wasn’t a top tier anime but it was fun. I’ll generally watch anything in the isekai genre. That said, the more I see the less I like ones that follow a cookie cutter template of boy gets reincarnated, boy is OP, every young female character throws themselves at boy and don’t bring anything else to the table.. . After so long, the cold open of season 2 and the subsequent remainder of the episode where nothing of note happened other than a bunch of girls fawning over the MC really set the tone for what followed. It’s just boring ...
"Communication is a skill you can learn. It's like riding a bike or typing. If you're willing to work at it, you can quickly improve the quality of every part of your life.". . Story: The show does not have a deep or complex story, it is very simple and irrelevant. You just need to know that Shouko has difficulties communicating and that Tadano is a very ordinary person, knowing that the rest is a high school adventure with each of his classmates having a unique personality.. . Art: The art of the work is not a masterpiece in terms of quality, nor is it one of the traits ...
This is the worst thing I have ever seen in my life and not just in anime. I watched three episodes and that is all I needed. This is something to show inmates to torture them. I bet some might prefer solitary confinement for two days than be subjected to watching this. There is nothing here except for watching really boring and lifeless characters orgasm over food for 30 seconds. There is no story, no drama, no character development, no action, no horror, no suspense, not even a good joke. It takes "formulaic" past extremes. One of the main characters is a chef who loves ...
Terrible film, the plot was really generic and uninteresting like the 98% of the shonen movies, it was too bland, there's no substance or emotion in it and after the first hour i felt bored with this mess and i switch to another movie.. . The animation was good (better than the anime series) but thats the only good thing of this movie.. . The soundtrack is not bad, but i was forgettable.. . I don't recommended or anyone who loves watching movies and even if you are a Black Clover fan, you don't miss nothing skipping this high budget filler of 1 hour and 50 minutes called Black Clover Mahou ...
I recently saw this completely uninteresting film in the Black Clover franchise. You may watch it even if you haven't seen Black Clover because there is no storyline in the original, and this movie is no different. If you're unfamiliar with black clover, it's a tiny pot manga with poor sales amid serializing in the mighty Shonen jump.. . But let's get back to the movie. Technically, it's a lousy film with poor art direction; the compositing in several sequences is so bad that you can't identify what's going on. The first half's battle choreography is atrocious. Although it improves somewhat in the second half. It features some ...
Just action wasn't entertaining at all. Also this movie wasn't part of the main story.. . The story starts with fighting and it continues till the end, there wasn't any mentionable break.. The fight wasn't detailed. All the fight stopped absurdly in the middle we couldn't even watch till the end Except for the last 2 fight that involved our protagonist, and Black Bull.. . Also from the beginning to the end Asta's loud voice and listening to a same sentence over and over was really annoying.. . I really wanna know what exactly was the point of this story. But whatever the reason this story wasn't necessary at all.
Story: 2/10. Animation: 8/10. Time: 2/10 (2 hour movie but u can finish it in 15-20 minute without losing anything). Soundtrack: 6/10. Fights: 3/10. Talkings: -1/10 (my eyes and ears are bleeding) (It is one of the biggest reason why I skipped too many scenes.). Characters: 3/10. Overall: 4/10. . Probably it is the worst anime movie I have ever seen. Bad story, annoying screams, meaningless talks in war. Only Mereoleona's fight gave me something. I finished movie by skipping scenes and finish it in about 25 minute and I didnt miss/lose anything. Totally waste of time, I wish I couldnt watch that, sorry for my 25 minute.. ...
I am clearly not one of the targeted audience, take anything I say as a subjective opinion.. . It presents each ambiguous contemporary values without showing much more critical spirit than a high-schooler (fame, superficiality, success, etc..), justify cowardice with any sort of tearful backstories, disguise narcissistic and venal behaviors into philanthropic desirs, and try to re-build trust between the industry and consumers on multiple occasion to soften, just in case, the sudden awareness in the viewers mind.... . Story:. common teen/emo/idol slice of life with a couple of unnecessary plot twists. . Music:. bland pop, doesn't even try to be original. This is ridiculous, or maybe just an attempt to make you ...
This is hard to watch.. . The protagonist is the definition of gary sue - he's a genius for no real reason, always succeeds vs people who trained for years because plot, people help him either because he bugs them enough or because they are somehow put in his debt by plot. He never encounters real adversity, because he always comes out on top anyway with little struggle and absolutely 0 personal cost.. . It's a lesson in how not to do "Show, don't tell" - so so so so much is glossed over, explained (if at all) in a line of dialog. Maybe a 15s flashback if lucky.. . the ...
Ooofie, I think that's a very effective way to describe how this 10 episode collection of Ousama Ranking related side stories comes off as; While it can be really enjoyable to spend some more time with the characters outside the drama and plot of the parent series, it really had me wondering… “Why”?. Why did this need to happen?, were people so starved for Ousama Ranking content that 10 episodes of random shenanigans that happened off-screen was really worth our time? The answer is no. A BIG no.. . This is NOT season 2 of Ousama Ranking, so don't get discouraged from watching the main show over ...
English.. I think that many of us have seen this story before and we may also know what this series can be based on, it is nothing innovative to see a person reincarnate in their favorite video game, we have seen it before and it is a genre that can be said to be A point of being exploited by low quality series is coming, this is not the exception, it is not a bad series, don't get me wrong, I think that if you have not seen this genre before you will really like this first taste, but yes You already have a background, you ...
This season is basically just more cheating and insanely unrealistic moves done at the last second of the game. If you got tired of this in season 1, you might as well not watch this season.. . Story - 3. Compared to season 1, this season just takes all the insane, unrealistic-ness to a whole new level. Our main character is again, pulling the most random and smart, but unbelievable moves out at the very last second to win it all. And the games are full of cheating, no surprise. However what really bugs me is that this time the gambling games themselves are made unrealistic. I could ...
If you are expecting some amazing mind games like that of Death Note, you will not be satisfied with this anime.. . Story - 5. This anime is a little bit episodic, with a new transfer student entering the school and basically just taking up a new opponent every episode or two, although there is a logical progression since as she wins, she becomes more of a powerful opponent.. The gambling is just okay. I really liked the first episode, it felt the most like a mind game and was interesting to see the different tricks used. However, the opening where they describe the school as a ...
Painfully Overrated:. . Cowboy bebop has a lot of charm, likeable characters with interesting personalities, very nice visuals, a cool world that is a refreshing spin on the sci-fi genre and some fun moments here and there. However 'personality' isn't enough to keep me invested in a show.. . I need a real storyline with an overarching plot, character development and stakes. Unfortunately Cowboy Bebop doesn't seem to offer that, instead it follows the slice of life saturday morning cartoon structure where each episode feels disjointed and most of the episodes are essentially sidequests that don't relate to any main plot aka filler.. . I quite enjoyed the first ...
This review CONTAINS SPOILERS. Review in English and Spanish. . Yes, this third season is the worst of Dr. Stone. But well, briefly, I want to explain what the first season was and why I think this way:. . At the time, when the first season came out, I remember that only the idea of the series caught my attention: humanity petrified and practically returned to the Stone Age, and the protagonist would have to save humanity by depetrifying everyone. It was a spectacular idea that immediately grabbed my attention, and it's true, I personally love the first season and recommend it to everyone. It feels like a breath of ...
Kimi wa Houkago Insomnia is not a "bad" anime, it's just very disappointing. It turns out insomnia and astonomy were just an excuse to deliver a rather simple cliched love story (especially from episode 6) So, give it a shot if you are into cute romance, have low expectations, but don't get fooled by it's name or poster.. . story:. I guess a lot of people around here can relate to the sleep-deprived aspect of the show but the writer(s) either never really suffered from it for an extended period of time, or simply lack inspiration. Insomnia can be painful, cause paranoid, hallucinations, and a lot of ...
English.. It seems that this series is going to fulfill the heroic dreams of many people, this is very simple in its concept, a couple of boyfriends have a relationship of three after going through a series of events that made all this happen, now how the series progresses plot throughout the series and the story is very... curious?, since not only do they not show us an interesting story of a three-person relationship and its possible complications, they show us a group of teenagers who lead with all this in their day by day in the most heroic way possible since it is the best ...
In simple straightforward terms, this season was utter garbage. It's definitely DEFINITELY not the worst the anime industry has ever put out there, but I tend to stear clear of those. However, I found myself wasting my time watching this shit show get worse with every episode but still hanging on to the hope that maybe just MAYBE it'll come to deliver just half of what season 1 achieved. Of course, episode 13 wound up leaving nothing but bitter disappointment behind its wake.. . I actually quite enjoyed the first season so I was highly anticipating this one but alas it failed to impress. Reason being the ...
FLCL is a highly acclaimed anime series known for its frenetic animation and unpredictable storyline. However, I found it to be extremely contrived with no character depth or development. I couldn't relate to anything in the anime, and it felt disjointed. The characters lacked meaningful growth, leaving them stagnant and unengaging. The series bombards viewers with a rapid succession of surreal events, making it difficult to piece together a coherent narrative. FLCL's attempts at symbolism and deeper meaning felt forced and failed to resonate. While the animation and visuals are impressive, they couldn't compensate for the lacking substance and depth. Overall, FLCL fell short of ...
This anime was almost as difficult to watch as it was to find the 'write a review' button on this website.. . It's a sports anime, but there's barely any actual playing involved.. I have no idea who the characters are or what makes them tick. They have no character development whatsoever, other than "yay power of friendship, we're having so much fun" with zero substance.. . At one point I thought this was going to turn into a 'ice hockey team also is idol group' affair, but even that doesn't really come to pass. There was a character who left early in the series and later came back, but ...
Honestly I dunno if I was in some fever dream to give the manga version of this an 8/10 where as I think the anime is utter trash or if the anime is just that bad. Legit the only thing I can praise this series for is the opening being great.. . Story/Character: I dunno if it's because of manga to anime translation I legit can't stand the characters who are the life line of the story. They're all just so 1 dimensional it its not even funny. It's like the series is trying to be the next Gotobun but it's just falling ...
This is horrible, literally annoying & I hate it.. The theme, looks, art, presentation & speech, everything was bad.. I will not recommend this to anyone, I take back my recommendation of season 1.. . I would say this anime falls on my worst watchlist & among the top five.. My request to the production team, please watch other animes with a good level of rating before diving into production, for example, take Re-zero, Tokyo Revengers, Benriya, and more, I could list a thousand.. . You people worked hard for this, I really appreciate it, but it should not go to waste.. So, please concentrate more and research before beginning the process.
Why were so many people excited about the first season? The Vikings, the violence, the interesting characters, the fights, the hate, and even a touch of brilliance. Characters like Thorkell were celebrated with many memes for a reason. This is how I imagine the hard, cold north.. . But what happened to the second season? A midlife crisis with moral apostles and a retirement home. Even a supporting character was given a starring role. I was hoping every minute for an exciting turning point, but nothing came. The boredom was only surpassed by more boredom.. . I want to see bare skin, violence and fights like in the first ...
This is an unnecessary sequel. Like so many sequels, there was no point in making Boruto. Naruto ended by wrapping up everything it set out to do. Did it do it flawlessly? Far from it, but this sequel doesn’t do something that makes it worth continuing the plot. It ruins everything the first protagonist managed to accomplish by trashing the world peace he achieved at the end of the series. The only reason it was made for is money, because people want to see more Naruto (aka it was made to sell based on nostalgia), and it fails even there since it hardly makes the money ...
It is not good. All it has going for it is beautiful visuals and initially intriguing, if nonsensical, world building. The main problem facing humanity is lack of water, though the world is almost entirely covered with ... water -- the titular "snow sea," which is fluffy on the top and simply water underneath .... The longer you watch, the less sense it makes, though it initially seems very interesting. The plot, such as it is, is one you've seen a million times, and there are basically 2 characters: bad guys are simply misguided except for the ridiculously over - the - top main villain. ...
Anime is much worse then story from manga - they made 'funny', in reality goofy, comedy of story that was not designed to be funny from beginnig. I believe author of that story is now miserable seeing a result of his work - how producers f* up his effort. Overall story is an isekai cliche, but producers instead of making average serious drama isekai - made really bad comedy that is at least 2 stars below expected result of already trashy results from average isekai haters in MAL. . Is the story unique? -> No one cares - its simple isekai. Do you think the art ...
Half of the show is about cooking food, the other one is about bad parenting.. The cooking aspect is very superficial. But the reason I would not recommend it is that it is simply unreal, fake. The child does not act liek a child. She acts like someone without children would imagine a child to act. When she expresses actual trait a children might have, it is sullenness or stubbornness, her father first does not know how to react properly and then apologises to her for not acting properly (e.g. Daddy is sorry for not scolding you enough).. The parenting is so wrong here that the cuteness ...
It started out alright, but it just got boring really quick. In the beginning it seems like things are actually happening and the plot is progressing nicely, it wasn’t anything mind blowing but I was was under the impression the show was a slow burn, and it looked pretty so I didn’t mind a couple slower episodes. However instead of picking up the pace, the show just gets slower and slower until it feels like absolutely nothing is going on. Its almost like some episodes are just massive lore dumps about the world, which in most cases would be nice for any other anime, but ...
I decided to login to my account to make a review the animation is bad and its like 4 episodes of going out on adventures the rest of it is some weird thing about an idol having problems with her bf a furry robbing people with his miscreant friends because people were mean to him or something, then some bald dude who calls himself the stepping man steps around killing kids with his stepping powers because he had a hard life. They can also fuse with a sword thats a person who can talk and it looks so dumb the moment i saw that in ...
I had such high hopes for this show and have just been left with disappointment. I should have walked away the minute a specific item was acquired because it's used in just about every episode after with no real purpose. I don't want to get into spoilers, so that's the most I will say about that.. . Honestly, I hate the trope where a fat guy guys thin and then everyone likes him. It takes more than looks and although I had hoped this would go beyond that, it's been nothing about his growth as a person, and stays focused on how shallow he and everyone ...
Overrated. Gets Hard carried by Animations. Story is a bit worse than your typical shounen, its easily pretictable, if your Not dumb tho. The characters are plumb and have almost no personality. The character Designs suck too. The Fights are a bit above average at Best. The pacing is worse than in one piece. Villains also have almost no personality whats so ever. The backstorys are average. The Music is fine I guess maybe a 6/10. Also IT was unrealistic as fuck. The characters cant eben Show emotions properly. Anyone who likes this Show, please watch an anything that is above mid. IT would be ...
***EPILEPSY WARNING! VOLUME WARNING! MORALE WARNING! SERIOUSLY!***. . Ah, yes. Autumn. It's a nice season where the leave turn different colors. It's the last time we experience genuinely nice weather before snow screws us all over.. . Nevermind, this is an experimental short. it's like playing Russian Roulette but with your eyes. This anime has nothing to do with Autumn. Please name me one way that black and light strobe lights is related to Autumn. In addition, this is a Keichii Tanaami film, so expect random sexual imagery and unnecessary sexual imagery everywhere, because this man seriously likes erotica and seizures.. . Remember the infamous banned Pokemon episode, Electric Soldier Porygon? ...
The fact that this show had so much potential but at the right moment takes the worst and most unexpected turn with every episode ending there stays a new hope of a better next EP but this show messes up that so bad overall worst anime I ever watched you better watch boruto that this dumb excuse of an anime.. . The character design were pretty good art style decent enough but the plot it just skips from being a peasant who lost his family to a knight in just 1 EP.. . It had so many time skips and unnecessary the potential was good two kingdoms light and ...
I know it's just a hentai, but sometimes I really wish the authors would actually think about what they're writing. Let's see what we have here:. . 1 - Demi humans need help with conceiving offspring. OK. 2 - Humans setup an 'assistance program' to help demi-humans conceive by pairing them with partners. OK. 3 - Elven Princess comes to Earth to participate in the assistance OK. 4 - She is paired with her ugly professor who has no social status in the world and has bad eyesight: NOT OK. . Um... hello - even if social status isn't important, you'd think genetics are (glasses and ...
Demon Slayer, the overhyped anime sensation that swept the world, falls disappointingly short of its lofty reputation. Despite the fervent fandom, I found the series to be nothing more than a flashy spectacle with little substance.. . First and foremost, the plot of Demon Slayer is uninspired and painfully predictable. From the very start, it follows the tired trope of a young protagonist seeking revenge for his family's demise. The lack of originality is exacerbated by the formulaic structure of the storyline, offering no surprises or genuine moments of intrigue. It becomes nothing more than a mindless and tedious cycle of defeating demon after demon.. . Moreover, the characters ...
Ok. I rated the series 9/10. But this film is bad. Plain and simple. Why you ask? I will try to illustrate why... and i will probably reference what they did with the original series as well as usual japanese tropes and well-known cultural aspects. Because this was done by japanese after all, it is hard to take it out of context for me.. . I disabled the spoiler warning because i don't consider what i wrote here to be a problem when it comes to this. But here is a disclaimer anyway. This film is not about the plot, it is about tank battles, brought about ...
I finally understood the fundamental problem with this anime.. It's like saying you like fried food, and getting served a bottle of oil.. . This anime, despite being the first time adapted, has not a single original scene.. Every single situation in this anime, including conclusions and all story formats have been used before ad nauseum. This anime is a patchwork of the shallowest execution of the most stereotypical power fantasy plot.. . If you watch this for the first time, and feel a sense of familiarity with the plot, trust it, whatever you think will happen in this story happens exactly like that. This show is like a recap ...
[This review is spoiler free!] TL;DR: Full Dive does very few things well, and where it succeeds doesn't make it entirely worth watching. It tries to say it's not like other anime while being exactly like other animes. It's unique enough to be a trashy show you've likely never seen before.. . On the surface, Full Dive has a lot of potential. It has a unique premise and follows a slightly-above average character. The MC is an indecisive high schooler who has given up and embraced the world of video games; I'm sure many of us can relate to that. In this sense, you can't help but ...
Mieruko-Chan is a horror comedy, that isn't interested in having high enough stakes to be horror, nor is it light-hearted enough to be a comedy.. . Before we begin, I only watched the first 7 episodes before writing this review. It wasn't interesting enough to continue.. . Horror:. . Mieruko tries its hardest with its horror elements. Its ghost designs, sound design, framing of the scene, and ability to create tension is all pretty good. Too bad all of that is completely meaningless in this particular series since it is established right away that the ghosts are harmless, and can be defeated by literally doing nothing and not ...
If anything, this anime's existence is good in one regard. It proves that the same author can sometimes write stuff of great quality, and other times, not so much. Aka Akasaka was undeniably inspired when writing Kaguya-Sama: Love is War. He never stuck to a formula and instead went with the flow. When he came up with funny scenes, he wrote them, but when he didn't have any, he wrote something else. When he didn't have much to say about romance, he changed the focus of the story. And he stopped the manga when the inspiration faded, as evidenced by the declining quality of the ...
I have to put in my 2 cents after seeing this anime rated 8.3 on this site. I'm shocked.. . Yes, this anime is trying to be a funny deconstruction of the isekai genre that so many glowing reviews have pointed out, and while there are definitely worse anime out there, this one is not one to write home about. I get the impression that it's trying to pull off a Konosuba/Overlord mashup but I just don't think it delivers at all. Deconstructing the isekai genre is not a fresh, new concept; Konosuba and Overlord, as mentioned above, have already done this and set a high ...
This anime can only be watched and enjoyed somehow only if you like the characters. The art style looks really pretty in my opinion. Apart from that, there is almost no storyline, things are just happening and getting resolved as quickly as it gets heated by Koko's intelligence (?) though I liked Koko, the characters are nice but you never actually get too attached to them, for example, if one of them died, I would not be crying rivers, my maximum reaction would be getting surprised and going on with my day.. . They slapped in some tropes, -no panties, lesbian couples, big boobs, muscle mommy, ...
Remember how at the end of Denpa Onna you wished there were more? Well, there is... not. This show probably baited you and me into thinking it would be the spiritual successor of that show but that could not be further from the truth. Why lie to us, Iruma Hitoma?. . Animation: 6. It's competent but as generic as it gets. It's your run-of-the-mill 2020s production with all the bells and whistles included. It's not an ugly show but nothing that stands out.. . Story: 3/10. Introducing Adachi. Adachi has two brain cells and one of them is always thinking about the show's heroine: Shimamura. They go on dates together and ...
Imagine someone wakes up in the morning and comes up with idea of a group sex school hentai which there are literally no feelings between any of the characters. They just sex in groups with random girl classmates. It looked like to me girls have some kind of responsibility to satisfy boys. I mean what the? Are you serious? Boys are only using their random classmates.. It might not look like it, but this is one of the worst hentai in my life. The only good thing about is the art is acceptable. It sucks in every other aspect.. I can say it is worse than NUR ...
If you want an anime that bores you to death that is death parade. . from lackluster characters to dull plots and tedious story-telling it's not a good show. . heads up guys. I was drawn in by the fancy style and the white-haired bartender looking suave. but sadly that is all this show got going for itself, a veneer. . Also the ending didn't conclude the anime in a logical manner, I painstakingly endured till the end to see what the fuss was all about , but it is lukewarm and dissatisfying. . At first the premise is promising giving us a hint about what the story is about, death ...
There has been a huge flush of isekai(and isekai just without the reincarnation) anime every season lately and just like every other video entertainment medium, quality decreases as the quantity increases. But even so, Ningen Fushin is still particularly bad and really weird. The anime has it all, generic and boring characters that act in seriously stupid ways to push/drag the plot, interesting ideas but poor execution, uninteresting story, many plot holes and just ends up feeling like a copy paste of every other isekai-like.. But wait! It does differentiate itself in a way, which is being really weird and confused. The anime has modern ...
This was awful. I laughed at some parts and found myself cheering for the main character of the first episode til it roundabouted back into me hating everyone.. . There is no one to like in this anime.. This is shit you want to watch when you're very high and want a good laugh and maybe a wank if youre really into anime titties. NOT something you watch with friends. I watched the dub, which was horrible, and the sub, which was equally horrible.. . I have no idea how i found this, i think i wanted a cute romance anime from the 90s but this ended up being ...
The main problem with this series is the female lead, Ako. The author could have just given her a blend of ditziness, personal insecurity, and shut-in tendencies. These traits would flesh her out, pretty well; give us reasons to root for her; and still have her fill the role that Ako is supposed to fill. Instead, what we get is a girl demonstrating serious signs of mental illness, which go largely unaddressed. The problem here is that neither the characters nor the story seem to take this issue seriously (or seriously enough, anyway). Consistently, they would try to address a problem in ...
Meh, if it was slower and more thought out it could have been nice. As others pointed out the characters are just caricatures without any depth or personality. Everything happens too fast for me to care about what the story is trying to tell. Just the first 4 episodes could have been a whole season. Some characters come out of nowhere and then disappear, they change ideas in 2 seconds, the backstories are very poorly written and quite random.. . It's as if someone just scribbled some notes for a new story and then decided to produce it without even having a draft written, just some points ...
I can't wrap my head around this one. The show on one hand goes for dramatic tragic episodes during widespread of opium, the corrupted political manipulations and the overall lawlessness of the period but then it mixes with weird mechanical contraptions out of era, weird character designs and a showdown that in my opinion was unnecessary the way it happened overall.. The pace of this one is dreadfully slow to follow, dialogues are as political as they can get and it's mind numbing to keep track of the plot that in reality is very simplistic but is presented in a weird backhanded way.. On one hand it ...
This is the only anime I've ever seen that I have gone out of my way to write a written review for. (No spoilers). Not worth your time, the ending hardly gives any satisfaction.. . The main reason I do not recommend this is that the character development in this anime is awful for the two main characters, which is the entire focus of the show. The ending was a MASSIVE punch in the gut with how abrupt it is with not nearly enough of a resolution for the two main characters.. My other huge problem with the show is that it is hardly a romance at all. It's ...
For some reason, reading the premise of this show I was reminded of the old Seven Samurai film. Trying to assemble a team of powerful warriors in order to protect a village from evil bandits… Only difference, the warriors in this version are all cute girls and the challenge is a harmless kendo competition. I am of course stretching it with this comparison but I couldn’t shake the feeling of how half a century ago Japan used to make these cool manly samurai stories and now is mostly throwing out moe shows left and right. And I don’t like that.. . So anyways, Bamboo Blade is basically ...
Demon Slayer = 3/10. Demon Slayer is one of the worst anime ever created. With all the demon slayer hype I thought I was missing out,. but after watching the first 8 episodes, I realized that I've now missed out on 3 hours of my life.. Story = 10%. Pretty pictures = 90%. Story? The story could of been interesting I guess, but it's just not. I think the best way to describe the story. is Tanjiro playing on easy mode and he's acting like everything is difficult. He could of saved everyone, but he's. too busy acting. It also doesn't feel like he has the freedom to go anywhere as ...
This anime sucks (i'm not proud because i watched it). . Once i was dared by a friend to watch this bullshit of an anime UNCENSORED. . Summary: the anime is basically about a boy called Pico and another shithead called Tamotsu who's a fucking pedophile who sees pico as a ahem.... sextoy.. and well the pedophile shithead first sees pico through the binoculars because his perverted shithead wanted to see some asses and well it goes wrong until he sees a blonde haired dude which he then starts to simp for... After that fuckfest he realizes that Pico works at his grandfather's cafè/bar and he decides to visit ...
This is the first anime I have such complicated relationship with. My impression of this show had been changing even before I started watching it. First off, I fell in love with the character design. Then I saw a clip on Reddit, which made me believe this would be an ecchi. My opinion changed during the show as well. But having watched few episodes I abandoned the anime for a week. When I picked it up my opinion changed again, and I can definitely say that the 3 episode rule doesn't work here.. . The first 3 episodes represent the first 3 episodes, not the whole show. ...
no logic, plot has holes, all events are boring and predictable, Ainz-sama from aliexpress wanders through the world aimlessly,. . I wonder how arc can eat if he's a skeleton. arc was an average mage, a weak fighter, he did not stand out even as a cleric, paladin. knight, an average battlemage where in most stories he could be replaced by supporting heroes.. and these companions of this white knight are like found in a pack of Leays. too much similarity with Overlord, with one exception - this white armor overheats easily and the black one from darkness stays cold. I recommend this anime to kids who have a ...
Save your time, watch paint drying or anything else.. Unique story in a way that it's badly designed. This anime has no idea what it wants to be and neither do we as viewers. 2 compelling characters and rest generic weird trash. Nobody makes any sense, it relies heavily on gore to illustrate maturity but constantly tries to push funny moments that always fail and just become pure cringe. 8 episodes in and I have no what the fuck this isi all about, premise is clear but it is so absurd that it's bad, and not like gintama, this just sucks.
Shinkai's worst movie. I haven't seen them all, but I'm calling it anyway. Not a single aspect of his style works with this.. . Shinkai's fantastical externalization of the internal here slips into total solipsism; emotions are of such paramount importance that they are worth destroying a city and likely killing untold thousands over. That is, unless those people are part of one's found family, apparently the one class of humans deemed worthy of salvation from an apocalypse which is, as with everything, made as clean and naturalistic as possible; all its serious real-world issues sterilized and made into inoffensively beautiful wallpaper. It's genuinely misanthropic, and, even ...
Unfortunately, I watched the anime maybe 5 times... and the question is, did I like it? Unfortunately, no.. . Story: 0/10. The story is simply about how a girl and a guy are fighting over who falls in love first and that's all, so the story progress is completely zero.. . Characters: 0/10. The characters do not have any sympathy in themselves, the only thing we learn is that they are vice-presidents and thats all, so I can't even empathize with the characters.. . Art: 2/10. The art style would be great if they didn't use too much effects, which maybe the creators thought were cool, ...
Hikari was so controlling and stubborn towards Manaka it was insufferable. It's hard to sit through.. TLDR:. Art: 8/10, beautiful but kinda pug-like faces. Sound: 8/10, I remember it being pretty good. Characters: 5/10, WHY are the MCs WORSE than the side characters??. Development: 6/10, its there but not that great compared to how they are in the beginning. . . The main problem I had with this anime was Manaka and Hikari's relationship, specifically how controlling he is and how he barely sees her as a person because of how bad his empathy is, especially towards her.. . Manaka *is* a little flat as a character, mainly being kind and clumsy/absentminded, but she ...
The only way I could have finished season 1 was by fast forwarding. I finished the whole season in one and half hour. Still I felt like I should have skipped few episodes and save my time.. . The plot is really unbearable, MC teleported in a cultivation world and started using unlimited guns, grenades, RPG. I mean how the hell someone like him got the inheritance. There is no character growth for MC, he stays a jerk throughout the whole season. Also the most unusual part is every cultivator can fly even MC himself can but instead of flying he uses a flying car to ...
Title: Bocchi the Rock: A Disappointing Musical Experience. . Rating: 1/10. . Bocchi the Rock attempts to offer a unique and innovative musical experience but falls short in almost every aspect. From its lackluster performances to its underwhelming songwriting, this album fails to deliver on its promises and leaves listeners feeling disappointed.. . One of the biggest issues with Bocchi the Rock is the quality of the musicianship. The instrumental performances lack creativity and precision, often sounding amateurish and poorly executed. The guitar solos, which should be the highlights of the album, are unimpressive and fail to capture any sense of excitement or virtuosity. The overall sound production is also subpar, ...
Some anime starts out badly, then gets good. This... um... Less so. This starts out okay, then (at least by mid-season) gets less okay.. . The premise is pretty run-of-the-mill; strangely gifted kid suffers great tragedy, takes up sword, and fights the evil-du-jour. From the outset, the kid is a hackneyed font of justice and compassion, but this quickly changes when—NOT. Yeah, he's a "good is dumb" goof who, halfway into the series, has undergone little notable character development. All of the most unpredictable elements of the show are utterly predictable, excepting the bits that *should* be predictable. I'll try ...
Graphics: 8.. First episode: 10. Ep 2-8 : constantly dropping from 10 down to 3 today.. . After watching the first episode, you would be expecting a mystery anime that's similar to Erased and expecting the next 10 episodes to be Aqua trying to find out who the killer is.. At least that was happening in the first few episodes after the first one. But all of a sudden it just spends the next 5 episodes on SoL and real-life condition of being an idol/actors. Now we have 3 eps left and I doubt we will have any development in the mystery portion of the ...
The TROLL anime of the season. . Fake Synopsis: Cute girls use mecha to fight invading aliens. REAL Synopsis: SoL's attempt at "cute girls" and weird(?) comedy. . Is this change of synopsis bad? NO.. For those who expected fights with girls on highlights, it was perhaps a disappointment.. BUT, it was also a disappointment for MOE and SoL lovers.. . The anime starts fairly well, Nodoka is the new girl who wants to be an ALICE (mecha pilot). She helps introduce us to the world of anime, but in episode 2, everything goes to FUCK.. ...
They really dropped the Haro on this one. Lookit! This show is not good. It's almost like we are getting the Cliff Notes of a Gundam show. Which is a shame as the Aerial Gundam has a great design and looks good in a fight. And makes it all the more unfortunate that there are only a handful of fights and when we do get one. They shoot at each other a couple of times and then one mobile suit just wins.. . There's nothing to latch onto in this show, things just kind of happen. It seems like they may have been going for a 08th ...
Very short review cuz why not.. . This is just your standard harem anime and your standar mc( boring and plain) that has some very annoying and weird friends.. Im not going to write a lot but something I want to say is that this anime does have some decent elements in my opinion.. . Its story just follows your average ''im a normal boring guy mc'' that falls in love with a popular girl and then we get more girls etc.. . Story of course is mediocre however I do have to admit that it has some decent element which im goign to explain later.. However mc's girlfriend is so stupid and ...
The premise of the series has to do with a class of losers being forced to kill their tentacle hentai teacher within a year. If they succeed, they will be rich. If they fail, the whole world will be destroyed. It’s silly, it makes no sense, and it’s just an excuse for fantasy empowerment. “Hey low-esteem student watching Assclass. Are you constantly being victimized by your society? Is everybody treating you like you are the scum of the earth, who will never succeed in anything in his life? Well, here’s a show to escape the harsh reality. You get to be an assassin who gets ...
Arpeggio is one of those shows which will forever be remembered as “that bad CGI anime with the battleships turning to girls”. Well, there obviously are far more things going on in it but who cares; you will remember it just for that, since it is ensnared in the middle of the uncanny valley effect. This is what it boils down to; and in case it went over your head the first time, allow me to repeat it once again: A show with bad CGI and battleships that are in fact cute girls. We live in the post Avatar era, fed up with schools and ...
Csm is not good.. . -The main character- is as bland as one can get, a typical shounen protagonist that unreservedly gets a power up out of no where. But unlike other generic shounen protagonist that have at least a noble goal this guy literally just wants to touch boobs. This ungodly cringey and corny approach to writing a relatable horny incel singlehandedly pisses me off and makes me want to drop the show. I am still watching it but that is mainly due to the beautiful artsyle and animation. I don't believe the CGI is bad.. . -When it comes to the story- it is also as generic ...
“Hitori no Shita - The Outcast” is what happens when You have too many ideas, don’t know how to prioritise them so You just throw everything at the wall to see what sticks.. Spoiler alert!. Nothing did.. . There isn’t much to say about the plot itself. There hardly is any. We follow Chou Soran on his journey to… nothing to be honest. For all of the show he doesn’t have any kind of goal. He’s just there to react to what’s happening to him and around him. He’s the worst kind of protagonist - passive. For most of the time he talks big but rarely he is able ...
Story: 2. Animation: 5. Sound: 5. Characters: 4. Enjoyment: 2. . Total: 3. . Isekai Ojisan is an Reverse-Isekai that fails to be a Reverse-Isekai, while simultaneously fails to be an Isekai. In general, this Anime is about a mid-30s person who wakes up from being in another world while transferring all his magic powers back to Earth via a blessing of god. The uncle in question then moves into his nephews apartment where they watch his Isekai-Hijinx via Magic-Memory-TV.. . And the direction chosen from the premise was doomed to fail to hold interest. The Isekai portion is not interesting at all as we already know the outcome of everything: He returns to ...
Actually awful, I'm probably the only one to ever leave a review on this "show" its just really bad. IDK how I keep finding this trash. Story isn't unique if you can even call it a story, art style is an insult to your eyes, nothing about this show was good or fun to watch and felt like you would rather be wasting your time doing something else that isn't watching whatever this.. Was.... I've only seen 1 episode and I can already tell the rest are gonna be just as bad as the first, they didn't even try. No one is gonna like this. ...
It's like my 3rd review out of the 200+ shows I've watched and I'm writing just to warn you that don't waste 8 hours on this thing.. (Mild spoilers ahead). It started as a romance and switched genre to harem midway and in these 24 episodes nothing happened besides that like no noticeable progress. The One or Two weak attempts on mysteries weren't answered, no kiss or anything like that, MC still doesn't know what he's going to do and I'm pretty sure this won't be getting a 2nd season so no need to waste 8 hours on an epilogue like content.
Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka Movie: Orion no Ya is an average movie that contributes little to the overall series. The narrative is somewhat lacking, although it manages to serve its purpose. The action sequences are well-animated, and it's pleasant to see familiar characters from the series. However, in the grand scheme of things, there isn't much to be gained from watching the movie, and only fans of the series are likely to find enjoyment in it. Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka Movie: Orion no Ya simply feels unnecessary when there are numerous other compelling ...
Watched in June 2023.. . Usually I enjoy older anime because it has a different humor and tone to it. That's why I decided to give Wild 7 I try.. . However I just struggled so hard to stay awake during the first episode. This anime is really really terrible, and I absolutely mean it. It has poor animation that flows sluggishly, the frames are choppy and the color palette shows how old it is. When the cars move around, it looks like there are at least 10 frames missing in between shots. The motorcycles aren't much better and they are animated about the same. For an action ...
Not a very good anime. Animation in terms of fluidity was pretty average and unimpressive, but also occasionally a little hacky. In terms of the frame to frame... awful. Backgrounds are ugly 90% of the time, characters are drawn average a best. The characters are shallow, not really all that likeable, but occasionally they can be entertaining. Pacing is mostly average, the beginning is painfully slow though. The voice acting is strictly average, not by any means impressive, but not the worst either. Soundtrack is average if listened to by itself, but on top of that it's poorly scored. I hated the first half, and ...
Below average shoujo... why is it rated 8?. . Ignoring the plot armor of the princess protagonist that can 'scare' the bad guys by looking at them with a 'fierce' eye... when in reality she would have been rap.. finally making her realize how stupid was her plan as the pirates plan was to assault ALL the ships anyway.... . Hak doesn't deserve this. He is already suffering too much and I can already see the ending of this series: she gets with the man that killed her father as she understands from her adventures (with the fake harem/guards) that her father was a good man but terrible ruler ...
Watched this because of Mamoru Miyano's laughter scene.. 13 episodes of wasted time.... . I am amazed that they had such an amazing cast of seiyuus and yet the anime is so plain and not funny.. I really cannot express how disappointed I am in this show.. . The story might seem unique and interesting, prone to have awesome jokes, but no story development or good jokes follow after whatsoever.. The art is okay, I mean it is nothing special and not bad either.. The characters were meh. They had cool backstories but again, never developed.. The characters might have been seen realistic but again, nothing was done with that.
I watched the first episode because I saw it in a TikTok. I watched the other 11 because I wanted to see if anything wasn't a trope in the entire show (everything was a trope XD). The main character was a trope/bland, the harem of girls he had around him were all tropes/bland, the plot was bland, the backstory was bland, but the opener was decent. The animation didn't even deserve to call itself animation, it was more of a slideshow than anything else. This show is a shaky 2/10 (1/10 if the intro wasn't so good) don't watch unless you want to enjoy a ...
I feel like BLAME! is the very definition of mid. Its kinda boring, kinda mediocre and kinda low quality. At the same time though there are enough elements that kept me interested until the end.. . The unique art style, the cool enemy design, the intriguing setting. These might be enough to satisfy some people and for others they most definitely will not be. The characters are one dimensional, the writing is pathetic and the animation leaves a lot to be desired.. . If someone asked me if I regretted watching BLAME! my answer would be no. If someone asked me if I would recommend that other ...
I wanted to like this anime. I really did. The the start of the first episode showed an interesting setup for an isekai. And then it got worse.. . The main character's motivations are never explained past a weak sense of chuunibyuo taken to the extreme. The other characters and the narrative offers no challenge to the protagonist either, meaning after the excitement of seeing a battle for the first time, it just becomes a boring drawn out fight knowing the mc will never be in danger nor will his opponent ever win.. . The harem of girls the mc has following him around is a cliche done ...
For those looking for a very quick review take a 1 min out of your life to read this.. . This show is has a good plot similar to a silent voice however, this is your typical anime with boring / annoying /cringe/ bland characters/. . Your standard( im a nice and boring guy mc) , followed by the most annoying characters that only follow a girl(komi) around likes dogs.. I get its an anime but everyone is tired of the same shitty and boring jokes and simping/acting like shes a god (komi) type shit.. . Same plot every episode and same annoying and overrused sterotypes.. . I dont reccomend, this anime has ...
Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka's second season bears striking similarities to its predecessor. While the action scenes are well animated, other moments fail to impress. The pacing suffers from inconsistency, with some instances feeling rushed and others dragging on. The characters, while visually appealing like in the previous season, lack depth. The most significant drawback of this season is the absence of significant payoffs, with intriguing plot points unfolding off-screen. If you enjoyed the first season, you'll likely find some enjoyment in the second, but it falls short in delivering standout moments. Overall, Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa ...
Painfully watched up to 25 episodes, it's a revenge and adventure-style cultivation drama; the story is not unique; it's the same old revenge plot. I think the main drawbacks are the poor art style and graphics quality plus the bad dialogues, especially the costume and color combination, which are just pathetic. The MC wears the same piece of clothing from childhood to adulthood. It's very funny, and the hairstyle looks like it's not mainstream; the fighting scene and the powers of each character don't look special, just plain and boring.. . I don't think anyone will enjoy this donghua, although if you have plenty of free time ...
This was one of the worst shows I've attempted to watch and I have no idea how it got such positive reviews. Outside of the animation quality I can't think of one redeeming aspect of this poorly paced borefest. The character's reactions are nonsensical and any hope for it moving into an interesting plot via the initial 'mysteries' that are posed is just dropped on the floor, run over and spat on. If you're hoping for this to go anywhere promising after the first few episodes, you'll be sorely disappointed. Imagine the most obvious outcomes possible to the point it's like you're reading the storyline ...
This anime put all the stereotypes existent for an isekai at the maximum, with an awful timing to build characters and their stances during the drama, in the end nothing have a progression settled, none of the bonds are explained or deepened, nothing.. I understand that putting a miserable character with a bad backstory transform in a fricking chad that is afraid of any human interaction and have a door to another world would grab a lot of attention, even more with the animation being really a differential... But AT LEAST the author could make the progression less stupid. And use horny baits with underage ...
One emotion reigned supreme for me while watching this new season and it was disappointment. Season 1 was captivating and felt like a breath of fresh air, while this one seemed like a cringey run-of-the-mill isekai.. . The first few episodes were an absolute mess, to put it simply. The writers seemed like they didn't know what to do with the story anymore. The plot was going nowhere and it felt like we were at a stand still wondering what's next. It only seemed like we were getting somewhere after the 8th episode. Mind you the writing was still shit, and I kept turning off my ...
At first I tried this show thinking, whatever, it's just a generic isekai; but no, it's greater than that, its an absolutely appalling isekai. The main premise is that the main character is super overpowered "woah one punch man!" and decides to hide it from everyone immediately as if he could be hunted down 💀 BUT ANYWAY as soon as he shows off his epic super cool powers (that are all stolen from other isekai obviously) he gets friggen sexually assaulted by two girls who wont leave him alone, try to marry him (they force him into marriage), make him sleep together with ...
Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka falls short. Everything about the first season is average (with the exception of the character designs). The anime fails to fully explore its intriguing premise, instead indulging in unnecessary fanservice. The characters are all over the place; some of them are genuinely interesting and likable, while others are extremely dull and annoying. The action is well animated, but the background characters and monsters appear somewhat off. In terms of pacing, the anime's consistency wavers, starting off well but gradually unraveling towards the end, feeling rushed. The redeeming factor lies in the outstanding character designs, which ...
At the moment when not even the name of the anime matches the game, you realize the torture that this crap will be... let's go by part as jack would say.... . history...? what story? it's crap it explains zero about the plot the rhythm of the anime is horrible and things happen so fast and random that it is... it shows that they didn't adapt anything, neither the game nor the manga, it's simply an "edgy adaptation" that is repulsive as they destroyed everything good about the game.... . Animation, musical and design are crap impossible to defend, just google doll frontline m4a1 desing and suffer with that ...
As a massive fan of the series I'm aware of how complicated it is and how tough it was going to be for this anime to achieve any kind of balance between new and existing fans. Well, they succeeded on evening the playing field in one way, it stinks in every conceivable way.. . If you're looking for a story about, you know, the Northern War, well tough, because this isn't about that almost(!) at all. It's a story of JRPG Preset Characters 1 to 4 going on holiday, then some politics happens. I'm being as careful as I can, without being specific, so I don't have ...
I don't know how, but this season managed to be even worse than the first season. While the first season impressed with just an awful excuse for humor, I'm talking random screams and shocked reaction faces EVERYWHERE, the second season did... the same thing. No improvements at all, it's just always the same crappy jokes. The only difference between season 1 and 2 is that while the first season just overpowers the spineless, oblivious MC with no end and occasionally jacks him off while making every girl fall for him, the second season just doubles down on wanting to make us believe that this bland, ...
They should put a slice of life tag for this season, this is a complete 180 turn from season 01 and the first 5-6 episodes are great for character development but then it just starts to feel too long drawn. This is utterly disappointing this show became a waste of time. it gets a bit better after 11 episodes because finally the story progresses but again it becomes a disappointment, it's just too lengthy there isn't much progression with the story. This season is too slow and no longer an action-adventure series. This is just drama and slice of life.
Art: 7/10. Animation: 3/10. Sound Effects: 7/10. Music: 5/10. Story: 2/10. Characters: 2/10. . Yes, I have seen episode 9 so far. And I'm sure you have concluded from my rating, I forced myself to watch it because I really want to like this anime as it showed promised on the first episode. However, as I struggled to watch every episode, it is like I have to subtract a rating every single time.. . And in all honesty, watching past episode 3 is just a toss up on watching paint dry or this anime.. ...
It's baffling how this season has a rating that's on par with the first season and the movie because this season has been a considerable downgrade in almost every single aspect other than the comedy which has always been Demon Slayer's weakest link.. . Animation was always Demon Slayer's defining trait. The one aspect of the series that has gotten better with each season. I feel like it's safe to say that things have regressed in quality substantially. This season just looks underbaked and janky. The excuse at the start of the season was that they were saving the budget for the finale. Well, we're done with ...
First of all, it's a 17yo getting romantically involved with 10yo girls... but let's leave it aside. . Been generic and badly drawn is not a sin on it self, many animes are like that and still entertaining. With interesting characters and story the show can offset its flaws on other areas, which is not the case here. Tensei Kizoku is as generic as it can be with as minimun animation as they can get away with and have an absurd amount of reaction shots with no movement at all, every sentence has someone going "OHHHHHH" for no reason. Pretty early it got old, everything the boy ...
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure Part 4: Diamond is Unbreakable is the worst part in the Jojo's franchise and one of the worst anime of all time. When I first watched this after coming off the flawed but enjoyable adventure that was Part 3 of JJBA, I expected great things as Jojo fans sing the praise of this part all across the internet. However, in Part 4, I only found utter boredom and disappointment. To explain why I feel this way towards one of the most praised anime seasons ever, let's dive into each detail, starting with the terrible and almost non-existent storyline, down to the plain ...
Pros:. 10/10 animation. Nice, catchy music. . Cons:. Erratic pacing. Convoluted ending. Underdeveloped and bloated cast. Underdeveloped romance. Plot heavily relies on poorly explained magic shenanigans. ...
Whom was 'Otonari ni Ginga' created for? Answer: 90% the creator himself; 9% sad mangakas across Japan; 1% regular consumers.. . This work of fiction reeks - and I mean REEKS - of self-insert fantasy. Concisely for those who don't know, that means the author wrote himself as the main character. See the plot here: a mangaka in need of an assistant gets a docile, 19 year old girl to live with him as his assistant. Not only is she docile, she is devoted, gifted, efficient, eager to help, a fan of his for some reason, never frustrated nor angry - in fact, outright flawless - and ...
In the 90's, there was a trend of wacky fantasy adventure comedies. Gokudo is one of them. The story is mostly a series of excuses for jokes and wacky antics, because of this there tends to be a lot of plot holes and throwaway story elements. Some arcs also suffer from pacing issues, for example the china arc drags on for too long, while the introduction feels like it was written on a crack overdose. But what about the jokes? The humor is very obnoxious most of the time and only one or two gags made me chuckle, this comedy just isn't funny... . The characters are ...
Man, it hurts watching something associated with Konosuba be THIS unfunny and boring.. . I gave the first few episodes the benefit of the doubt - I hoped things would pick up, that the quality of writing and the jokes would improve... that at least SOMETHING interesting would happen. But nah, this shit is straight-up ASS.. . Go back and watch Konosuba again, if you disagree. The writing is crisp and the pacing is snappy - The show has momentum. The jokes are funny and the situations the characters find themselves in are always hilariously ironic. The Megumin show, on the other hand, just meanders and weighs you down ...
This is technically the last episode of Steins;Gate 0; but actually happens somewhere in the middle of the series. It is worthless to watch. I mean the story isn't bad, and if you need every bit of content you can get from the Steins;Gate characters, sure, give it a watch. But what annoys me is that the red head girl is one of the main focuses in this episode, but after having finished Steins;Gate 0, I don't care for her or like her at all, so I don't want to see more content about her. It also felt like she was being very out of ...
I don't know what about this show makes anyone rate it higher than a 5/10.. . The characters are one-dimensional to the extreme. The creators have straight-up abysmal writing when it comes to giving characters life - they each do one thing and that is their one thing they can do. That one thing is their whole life. That one thing defines their personality and actions in every scene they are in. On top of the lacking characters, their art style is mid at best, and straight-up bad when it comes to women- they all look like aliens with their eyes on the sides of their ...
I disagree with most premises here that the incest is the problem.. If anything it's the only thing that they copied from the homework of others that hasn't been done to death at this point.. However, not even THAT they put any effort into.. They could've gone and made it shocking like Game of Thrones did, but nah.. Anybody here remember the world hit wonder "Do You Love Your Mom and Her Two-Hit Multi-Target Attacks?"?. Which wasn't just weird as fuck, but also annoying as fuck, boring as fuck, and unoriginal as fuck? Well this is that, except the mother is the sister, and it's somehow even more unoriginal.. . I'll say ...
Re:creators used to be the highest rated and most hyped series of the season it aired in, after the obvious three 99% of viewers were watching (Attack on Titan s2, My Hero Academia s2, Dragon Ball Super). Gradually, the interest in the series kept dropping to the point more people were talking about garbage tier light novel adaptations (Akashic Records, Eromanga Sensei) which were nowhere near the catchy premise of Re:creators.. . This is extra strange when said premise is basically Fate/Stay Night all over again. No, seriously, they are the exact same story.. A bunch of famous personalities, each one using superpowers, are brought into modern Japan, ...
I'll keep it short. I read the light novel and honestly this was a REALLY disappointing adaptation. Scenes were changed, entire CHARACTERS were basically cut out and had no screentime, and even the entire MAIN THEME OF THE BOOK WAS COMPLETELY GONE! Please I beg of you just read the light novel and not this movie, it really doesn't do the source material justice... The only plus is the art and animation and even that doesn't matter because what ISN'T eye candy nowadays. I also didn't like the voice acting, everyone sounded like a robot and spoke quicker ...
Englsh.. A series that I expect nothing from it, I received nothing from it and I don't expect anything from it in the future, many people in my social circle recommended it to me as an entertaining series in addition to having a good story but when I started watching it I was very lazy keep watching it, the story is not interesting at all, besides being very predictable, I think I'm sick of seeing protagonists who are the best at what they do and defeat anyone, look at it and I'm sure many will like this series because I have verified it by my friends ...
This anime presents some challenges that need to be addressed, and I find the extensive promotion it has received to be rather overwhelming, amplifying its annoyances.. . Initially, the first episode captivates viewers with its strong storytelling. However, as the series progresses, it gradually loses its appeal. One of the major issues lies in the fact that each episode seems to draw inspiration from real events, which adds to its problematic nature. The portrayal of the main character, Aqua, is particularly disappointing. While attempting to create a character reminiscent of Light Yagami from Death Note, Aqua's reasoning and understanding of situations often feel flawed and unreasonable. His ...
This is basically the new hackneyed isekai trope instead of demon lords it’s become reverse harems/ romance which isn’t a bad thing but when the same storyline is used and abused over and over again it gets pretty boring.. . The story is pretty much your average cliched romance nothing avant-garde. Same with the characters no emotional or characteristic depth I honestly don’t understand why either one of them likes the other. Pretty corny as well, it’s just so plain everything in it has been used before it’s like they’ve taken all the classic romance scenarios and mashed them into one although I do like ...
Watched almost the entire series but when there is a sexual assault event that happens, or is referenced every 2 episodes I can't do this anymore. These are events that are traumatizing for any woman at any age, and this anime talks about it like it's just a casual event that is definitely ok and there are no consequences to it which is extremely irresponsible and straight up disrespectful.. . Here is the list of all r*ape references so far as of episode 8 (spoiler I guess?? I wouldnt recommend u watch this shit show anyways):. 1. Rudy forcing Syphiette naked. I let this one slide because it ...
Just as bad as a magical anime could get. Don't me wrong, i can understand where the appeal comes from but the story itself and the concept feels very blurry and not very explained. I have watched a handful amount of anime, and yet this stood out to be horribly bad. Even the the plot was to find his cousin sister, the story felt very regressive towards the plot. Even though the anime had a finishing point, it just felt bland throughout the whole series. And the concept of magic was very confusing and weird, where I still don't understand the concept of what a ...
A friend of mine warned me that Fate/Zero was an outlier in the Fate franchise and that I was probably not going to enjoy the rest of it. I should've listened.. Fate/Apocrypha is essentially a check list of shit I either hate or find exceptionally boring in anime. Dozens of interchangeable "I can't believe its not isekai" character designs, writing attempting to cover dark topics like slavery and child soldiers with the depth of of a sixteen year old's first fan fiction, and dull super combat moves that are rarely more than big laser swords and explosions.. Its so bland, repetitive and interchangeable with every other basic ...
Did you ever notice that, compared to Manga and Light Novels, Visual Novel adaptations are fairly rare? Well, Baldr Force perfectly demonstrates why that is the case.. . Baldr Force is based on the VN by the same name and is part of the larger "Baldr" series of games, which have a bit of a reputation for piling on long sections of setup and worldbuilding, two things notably absent from this anime.. And therein lies the issue with this series, it tries to compress roughly 30 hours of story content spread across multiple routes into a two hour time span.. As a result characters are undeveloped, plotlines come out ...
DO NOT WATCH! This anime's story is painfully cliché, even by Isekai standards. However, the real issue lies in the nonsensical plot and overwhelming contradictions that plague the entire series. It feels as if the script was generated by some artificial intelligence like ChatGPT, lacking any originality or coherence. The voice lines are cringeworthy and the situations presented are entirely unrealistic. On the bright side, the animation quality manages to salvage some redeeming qualities, but it's not enough to save this trainwreck. Regrettably, I can only rate it a 2 out of 5. Save yourself the disappointment and find something better to watch.
Space mercenaries go brrr on aliens, but its bad. At least you have discounted Miku, aka Hatsune Mimi to comfort you from time to time.. . The art and the animation are OK, its that usual 2D with 3D mixed together that several studios already tried to do, and the problem is the movement that always lacks impact or motion, and some actions feeling too fast or too slow.. . The major problem is with the direction, too many static frames with people talking, and even when there's action, it feels weak and flat, just the usual "and then", "but actually", things you can clearly see weren't pre-planned, but ...
The way the animation loops itself reminds me of a cheap hentai.. Plot and mechanics probably improved my reading speed by 50 words per minute. The anime staff graciously granted us 5 whole ass seconds to read a whole fucking essay for each weapon, skill, blade of fucking grass.. 3D action scenes inspired me to become a VRChat modeler. 3d scenes were in the same unreachable realm as the ROBLOX tragic story masterpieces.. Love the MC so much. His weight loss journey is so inspiring and I will probably start writing a weight loss plan based off of what he did (broke a lot of bones ...
Confused waste of time. (NO SPOILERS). . It starts strong. The movie makes you feel pity, disgust, hopelessness right from the start. It shows you bunch of cruel people, a bullied girl and one idiot who rides along with the bullies. You feel for the victim but you also get to know the idiot and you feel for him too. How he was played, betrayed, you feel how he hates himself, blames himself for what he did, or how his mother loves him despite all this. Then as he tries to make amends, you witness the gradual growth, turning from darkness to light. Heartwarming sensation of healing. You ...
Started out great. First episode was interesting. Some good character development and interesting companions. But the writers had a check list of tropes and were sure to cover them all. I lost count. "Oh. This again." "Oh man, saw that a mile away." "Oh look, a masochist." And on and on and on. I kept watching until episode 7. 6 was one of the worst episodes of any anime I have seen in ages. 7? 100% unoriginal, marginally better than 6. We're at the bottom of the bel curve and not getting any better. Plus it looks like the animators just don't care - it's ...
I don't get the love behind this show. Your Lie In April is a romance with a neat concept. A kid who used to play piano, not wishing to anymore, suddenly finding a girl that completely changes his view on piano and life in general. However, this show is poorly executed and a lot more plain than it looks. If you're watching this show for the art and soundtrack, then you'll come back completely satisfied, as those are the two things that Your Lie In April excels at. Other than that, this show fails in almost every other way.. . Story And Pacing - Your Lie ...
Simple Review:. . Poor animation, overly simple art style. Predictable character arc (to be expected with Anpanman movies). Horrorman loves Dokinchan? Not sure if that's canon or not. No tear-jerker moments in this one. I want to speak about the art style again. It makes me want to throw up. There's no detail whatsoever. I also think that the characters were more bland in this one but that could be the case for other Anpanman films that I haven't watched yet. Giving this a 4/10.. . Detailed Review:. . The story is like every other Anpanman movie. Female character has some character flaws, hooks up with the bread monster crew, ...
The first season of Jormungand is not very good. The animation is uninspired, and the character designs leave much to be desired. The narrative is not particularly interesting, failing to engage the viewer, and the pacing is somewhat inconsistent. The worst part is that it is boring. Despite being labeled as an action series, there is very little of it. The fights are nonsensical and lack any emotional impact. Ultimately, the anime lacks a clear purpose and fails to excel in any aspect. It's not technically a bad series, but it definitely is not a good one. Jormungand is a painfully average anime that offers ...
CGDCT is honestly a weird one. It’s a subgenre of Slice of Life (at least that’s how I see it) where we have a cast of girls doing what they feel like, showing crazy shit if any like Nichijou, or simply just chilling like Yuru Camp. I personally viewed it as a hit-or-miss. Despite the rather intriguing concepts any CGDCT could bring, they tend to be on the questionable side. It’s not that I hate it, I just think a lot of those shows may have certain problems regarding how they use their characters and/or how they direct their stories. Bocchi the Rock is… um… ...
- Great art;. - Great animation;. . That's it. The rest is made just for the show to be, like AOT, a money machine and an endless, bad show.. . Characters are bad, endless cliffhangers. The entire latest 4 or 5 episodes were 5-minute long actual episodes, all of them with cliffhangers at the end. No one really cares for Tankiro and his friends as story plots or characters. That crazy train movie was actually good because the only okay-ish character there was the fire-breathing one, i already forgot his name, because how irrelevant the character actually feels.. . The season will be over soon and all the *slayy* corps ...
Have you ever seen a story involving star crossed lovers? Vampires? An authoritarian regime? If so, you can skip this, because it was likely executed far better there. A bowl of oatmeal has more personality than this show. The production value is fine, the backgrounds are nice, but I can't bear to give it a 4 because for me I might still recommend a 4 to someone if it's in their wheelhouse. But this show has nothing, its the most formulaic waste of time that make your 2D waifu look like a three dimensional character. There's hardly anything else to insult because so little actually ...
--- ENG ---. From the first season I was bothered by the behavior of the protagonist "Kazuya". The series begins with the end of the relationship between him and Mami-chan, who is fed up with his attitude but who wouldn't be? Kazuya is shown from the beginning as someone needy and desperate, who couldn't stand being single for more than 5 minutes from the first episode, renting a rental girlfriend. But, that's just the beginning of the anime and you can't judge the protagonist for it, for this reason I continued to watch it. My hope was that there would be personal growth regarding Kazuya's character, ...
*Watched in 2019*. A couple words can be used to describe this show in a nutshell: A typical otherworldly highschool with a guy and his “harem”.. . I could not continue this show because it makes so many attempts to make the actual plot interesting but it fails every time because this show is just a cesspool of fan-service. Its really gross and the characters are very shallow and uninteresting and all this combined makes the very few “dramatic” parts of the show just blend in with the trash.. . If the show was simpler it might be able to keep up with the 7.00 rating it ...
Overhyped. That's a pretty word.. When Shikimori was about to air, manga readers were promising us THE next big thing. Something, that will dethrone Marin and Dress Up Darling. Expectations were great, so what did we had? Well, to say that we've been lied to is an understatement. We've been backstabbed, deceived, bamboozled. We've got a show so bad at fundamental level (so you can't even blame quality of adaptation), that fails at absolutely everything it does.. At what exactly?. This show is being sold as a romcom.. It utterly fails as a romcom, because it completely skips development of relationship between two main leads, which is bread and ...
First thing I hate the most about this anime is the feeling of second-hand embarrasement. It feels very forced and unnatural. Some scenes feel like the ultimate cliché and it really makes you not want to continue watching.. Secondly, the pacing is way off. I mean, a bikini scene in the SECOND episode?? Dude, atleast build up to it so people watching can get excited about seeing the main girl first!. . I mean I love a good slice-of-life anime with romance, but this one feels like it was made hastily just to cash in on the romance genre. We got the typical "loner" who magically catches ...
There's a scene in The Animatrix where the machines have just defeated humanity. They are experimenting on people to figure out how their brains work and how to plug them into the Matrix. One poor victim has his skull cut open and a machine stabs electrodes into his brain, making him laugh or cry by stimulating those parts of the brain directly. It's an awful, soulless, mechanical way of brute-forcing someone to have a reaction. This show is like that.. . To be fair, a lot of power-fantasy isekai junk is like that. Normally I drop them after one episode, but for some reason I couldn't stop ...
Ah, gotta love the masses and their love for mediocrity. Fairy Tail (FT) is from the pilot chapter/episode an average shonen series and yet it is loved by many for being just that. I guess rehashing notions from Naruto or One Piece can make a success out of anything. Because just like those shonens, FT has superpowers, adventure and a big cast of colourful and eccentric characters that occasionally get focused upon and fleshed out. Nothing we haven’t seen before but, hey, if it worked before why wouldn’t it work again?. . Because it’s WORSE!. . It is hard to talk about anything in this show without feeling like ...
This is the only movie I've seen where the singing is better than the rest of the movie combined.. . The writing is questionable at best, and tries too hard to jam in everything One Piece fans recognize. That leaves no time for any kind of character establishment or development; the movie assumes you already know all the characters and just want to see them do their signature thing.. . The 3d animation is not good. The 2d animation is surreal, even more than One Piece normally is, and ends up being incoherent. The whole movie is more of a fever dream than a satisfying story.. . But...the songs are good. ...
Baka to Test is a random gag and slapstick comedy about idiots in a school that separates classes based on virtual battles of monsters who empower with test results. And as cool as that sounds, in practice it is nothing but random comedy skits.. . The story is, as usually goes with comedies, nothing but a poor excuse to put the characters in a situation where the method used has nothing to do with the solution. It could be anything about anything leading to anything and you wouldn’t tell the difference. Supposed, each class has virtual battles to improve their studying facilities. For all intents and purposes, ...
B Gata H Kei is one of those shows that forced the Youth Ordinance Bill to come forward. It is so borderline hentai that it gets easily overboard to the point you are just not sure what to think of it. Is it ok to air on tv? Is it even allowed to be animated? Allowing such works to be in a series format and not in OVA is getting harder to accept. They are supposed to be targeting a very specific audience so what the heck are they doing on television?. . Anyways, the show is about a really horny girl aiming to have sex with ...
Out of all Key titles, Rewrite probably is the one that has the worst anime adaptation yet. Clannad was good, Kanon was decent, Little Buster has their flaws, but it ultimately still capture the essence of the VN. Rewrite on the other hand was rewritten to the point that it's barely recognizable which is a shame because the Source Material really is Amazing.. . Story: 1/10. The Anime is a mess. It's slow when it didn't need to be and became really fast when it need to slow down. Worst yet, it added a bunch of fillers to the point that the entire season 1 is ...
Megane na Kanojo is a 2010 OVA from AIC Takarazuka. It's based off of a manga by TOBi. So, I've never heard of the studio or the mangaka before and I have no idea what to expect. But let's have a look.. . Story:. . Basically the OVA consists of four short stories with a romance focus that all centre around girls with glasses. Very basic, slice of life stuff but without the strong comedic elements that make so many slice of life series good.. . The inherent problem with the series is that it's dull and trite. The romances are very short, not even close to well ...
First episode was really good. Sadly it goes downhill after that. The animation is perfect sure but everything else is not.. What this anime does is simply intruducing new characters and 1-2 episodes later just killing them. 8 episodes in and the pacing has been horible. From the 20 mins of each episode 5 mins is the combat and the rest 15 is just showing the some random characters backstory just so that he ends up dead. The whole mystery of the island is pretty good but it gets really boring and annoying after couple episodes. Honestly the manga is propably better since you ...
Dragon Ball Super, a continuation of the widely popular Dragon Ball franchise, has garnered both immense praise and severe criticism since its release. While some fans embrace it as a welcome addition to the series, others argue that it falls short of its predecessors, lacking in storytelling, character development, and overall quality. This essay aims to explore the reasons why Dragon Ball Super is considered by many as a disappointing installment.. . Lackluster Storytelling:. One of the primary criticisms directed towards Dragon Ball Super is its lackluster storytelling. While the original Dragon Ball and its sequel, Dragon Ball Z, captivated audiences with engaging narratives, Dragon Ball Super often ...
I never write reviews but this relentlessly disgusting season made me,. If you like this show even a little bit I advise you not to watch this season.. The minuses outweigh the pluses,. It's the dumbest thing I've seen in a long time,. Villains kill dozens of heroes and the heroes respond by trying not to hurt them which ends up in even more heroes deaths,. In the anime, they also show the side effects of the villains and the fighting scenes of the protagonists,. In the anime, a lot of the action is just silly and made to tie in the flimsy plot once again,. This review is just a cry ...
Chrome Shelled Regios. TV, 24 episodes, dubbed. Completed April 2023. Not recommended. . . >>>>>Well, Chrome Shelled Regios is certainly memorable, that’s for sure. Being memorable isn’t always a good thing, however, as this anime will certainly teach you.. >>>>>Is it sci-fi? Is it fantasy? Is it... Magic or future tech or what? In fact, what is even happening?. . Such are the questions that every viewer of this anime will be asking before the end. Oh boy; this is gonna be a long one.. ...
So, I had to end up dropping this show early because it just became tedious to watch. It is incredibly uninteresting and doesn't really justify its own existence. The long story short is that it is just the same tired jokes repackaged to capitalize on the recognition of Megumin as a character. There's not much else to it.. . For me, a prequel really needs to justify itself. What new incredible insight are we getting into the main story by seeing this backstory? For Kono Subarashii Sekai ni Bakuen wo!, the answer is nothing. The show spends an enormous amount of time doing absolutely nothing of interest. ...
The show is cute and the art is nice. However, the rest of it is very dull. If you'd like to know anything further, let me break down the protagonist, one of the worst I've ever seen, and we will see if she's for you.... . If you like undersized, childlike 15-year-old girls that are immature in every possible way, she's your girl. (The three supporting characters make up for this, thank God.). . If you like the kind of girl that cries, whines, screams, self-deprecates, passes out and takes away valuable screen time from the characters could be using to enhance the show, she's your girl.. . If you like ...
"Save me, Kirito!" is the core theme of this movie - hidden behind a veil of non-existant stakes and definitely interesting dialogue. Sword Art Online isn't the greatest series... Or even close to it. But the original Aincrad part of the series could still pull you in, keep you wanting to see what happens next. This movie does none of those things.. . Kirito has no noticeable personality or drives outside of his love for Asuna-san, a love that isn't even touching. Asuna is a strong independant woman who don't need no man... Until she fails to do anything by herself and turns into a damsel in ...
Sometimes I think it's impossible for a anime to completely shoot its own foot but this "sequel" proves it's possible AND can self-eviscerate in the process. With the title featuring 'Two' you'd rightly think this to be a sequel, however, any actual continuity is absent from this iteration. Save for names, places, and a few inconsequential references to prior events this series bares no resemblance to it's prior self. It's more like what Pokemon did with the AU movies starting in 2017, where knowing a bit about the anime might help but overall you don't need to actually know every reference. It's still ...
Firstly, I want to state here that I'm just a gay man who enjoys romance. I'm not a fudanshi or anything like that, although I'm aware that many BL anime tend to be written by cis women to appeal to fujoshis, who often have fetishes for homoerotic relationships. But that doesn't mean that every BL anime needs to rely on that, living off fanservice and cheap clichés.. . This anime is nothing more than that: fanservice and cheap clichés. The animation is decent, and the story is somewhat interesting, but it's filled with fillers, and the plot is constantly interrupted by moments of sexual tension without much ...
“The Iceblade Sorcerer Shall Rule the World” is what happens when You have a bunch of cliche ideas and stitch them together with duct tape made of banality.. . We follow the escapades of one Ray White - a war orphan trained to become the most powerful sorcerer in the world. During battle he lost control of his powers and was injured. As part of his recuperation he enrols in a school for sorcerers. Basically the same shit You can see in all modern school fantasy animes. He makes friends. Tells them about his past like an idiot. They don’t care about it… like morons. He even ...
I've watched 8 episodes before writing this review and i have to say im disappointed.. . I watched every episode of the first season with awe and excitement. Grand visuals, beatiful storytelling and most episodes triggered good emotional responses. In this season i felt more disappointment for every episode i watched. I was not expecting a slow school life anime with elements of Mahoutsukai no Yome. I do not feel any interest in the new characters introduced and it is hard to follow and remember what they are about even if it was just in the episode from last week. The only interesting character to me that ...
English.. In order for a series to be seen, it must have an interesting premise from the beginning so that the viewer is interested and does not put it aside after a few episodes, the problem with this series is that, it can not only become boring after the passage of episodes but also the plot seen here we have already seen it on countless occasions before, it is not a series which gives us something more than a story of the daily life of our protagonists it is very simple and quite difficult to see after the passage of the episodes, it may also touch ...
English.. In this second season it is the same as the previous one, they do not innovate at all and we see the same plots but you change a little with nothing new, seriously if you have already seen the previous one you will not find anything innovative other than the same plots seen in a different way, yes Compared to the previous one, we can see a little more development in our protagonists for the better, because we see their reasons for wanting to study this career in more depth and those of some are quite good and interesting in my opinion, that is if ...
English.. It is the typical series with a good premise but quite badly presented, it is pure and clear love where you are not going to look much into the protagonists or what they think, there are going to be many scenes that will become a bit uncomfortable for some people and others are going to like it a lot because it will involve a lot of misunderstandings between the girls and our protagonist, which is what this whole season is based on and I think the whole series, there are many better options than watching this series and several are superior in many Aspects, if ...
Season 2 of Bofuri is disappointingly mediocre, with it feeling like it was more fun for the writer to imagine and write it out than for the audience to watch. Bofuri essentially discards, or perhaps more accurately does not develop, a core part of its premise of being an MMO. Instead, it favours only dealing with aspects within the game itself, making it feel dangerously close to a banal isekai. While the first season barely factored in happenings in Maple's real life affecting her gaming, Season 2 somehow omits this even further. Instead of expanding on elements that would help genuinely differentiate it from an ...
Omg what a boring movie , the story so weak man with many cutscenes that make no sense just to make the movie a bit longer , only animation was a bit good .. . the story basically about a girl met someone getting chased by cops and immediately fell in love with him , then he dropped a key she found it and tried to hand it over but he told her to give it back when they meet again so she kept looking for him Lmfaoo . Really ! Nothing more nothing less , no character development no real events no progression at all ...
“The Ice Guy and His Cool Female Colleague” is what happens when someone has a cool (pun unintended) idea, pretty well execution and yet still manages to create a cringy annoying af relationship dynamic.. . We follow the ventures of two people. A descendant of a snow woman - Himuro, who isn’t good at controlling his powers and often creates snow and ice related phenomena when he’s overwhelmed with emotions, and a human woman - Fuyutsuki, who works with him. For 12 episodes we watch them work, interact with their coworkers, getting close to each other, witnessing the tension between them rise only to… get absolutely nothing ...
I would mark this a spoiler but its a bad isekai. by the start of the 4th episode you will probably guess the entire arc im about to describe. New character gets introduced with an interesting disability of having -2000000 luck. the protagonists get teleported to the castle of the second most powerful being in the world. Main character finally meets his match when he meets a new ability he has no resistance to. Main character is bluntly told "new skill unlocked: Bind resistance" and instantly kills the dragon. protagonist gives the new character a random object he found by chance in the dungeon that ...
if you had played the game, this is not a must watch since it is same from the game(of course) and the animation did not feel the scene because the game is full of good visuals but the animation for the anime did not even had that although, if you did not play the game yet then go watch it since it has a lot of plot twists but I will still recommend you playing the game right now and all I can say is, the animation on how they adapted it is disappointing. The art style did not really fit the scenes for a ...
Elfen Lied meets Tokkou. That pretty much describes this series, just a chain of shocking scenes, unreasonable behaviors and convenient events. It’s about monsters empowering humans, while destroying them in the process and it’s done in the usual way where a bunch of kids will be able to level buildings with energy beams, without a penalty by the police or their parents.. . It has a lot of splatter, along with some psedo-serious aspects, all presented in a lukewarm way with dumb facial expressions and simple special effects. The battles feel “turn based” and without choreography, the monsters are static, and the splatter scenes lack details to ...
I mean the title is really all you need to know. Generic, Boring, predictable, cringe boring characters and an insult to the isekai genre.. The show didn't even establish the mc personality before he got isekai'd. dude got stabbed and reborn in the first minute of the show. It's hard to even watch this without taking it seriously.. . There is little to no world building, just a copy and paste from other isekai. The characters feel like hollow archetypes. They have no character other then "I am woman (and mostly women) who falls in love with op mc". And the main character is the worst part of ...
An enjoyable series with a different premise for a cultivation series that quickly devolves into just another cultivation series. Season 1 follows MC on a quick (1Y±2M) journey to become an OPMC. Also on par with Chinese series It ends in the middle of an arc leaving you wondering what going to happen while leaving zero expectations that the series will actually get a season 2.. . Would only recommend if you're really hard up for another run of the mill cultivation series. Honestly there's not much more to say about the series and to go on would simply be to fill any word count requirements ...
If you were hoping for an isekai/fantasy like anime about farming, you'll be disappointed. There is very little actual farming in this anime. The title is pretty misleading, as this anime is basically -- like the other reviews have stated -- a generic fantasy vanilla harem anime. The MC is overpowered without trying, every girl he meets falls in love with him after he saves them / is the first person to be nice to them, one shots monsters that are supposedly devastating, etc etc. I was hoping for all this with some FARMING, but sadly, there is little to no actual farming.. . The characters ...
I feel like nothing really happens in this anime. Despite that, it could have been profound and touching. But this movie just does not accomplish that well. I really felt nothing at the end of the movie.. . Story - 2. This story is so odd and the weirdest pacing I've ever seen. The male MC trying to get to the female MC via train takes up like the first 20 minutes of the movie, no joke. I get that it was an opportunity for the male MC to be reflecting on their past together, and then we, the viewers, could get to see their past, but ...
Love Live and its sequels are a true treasure in the world of anime. From the moment I saw the vibrant and colorful animation, the originality of the art and character design, I knew I was about to embark on an exciting adventure. The incredibly well-produced music should win awards if it weren't for the rest of the music world not wanting to be overshadowed by it. It combines with the energetic performances of the girls, creating an atmosphere full of joy and positive energy. The animation feels fluid and uses meticulous traditional animation; there is never any cost-cutting with 3D or simplified or undrawn ...
Shigokare is quite the disappointment due to how cheap it is presented. What is so conflicting about this is how it has few decent scenes, but it is clear that fundamental part of the art and animation is lacking. Usually I give things like this a pass due to enjoyment, but this hentai fails to present a significant form of unique charm to offset this lacking quality.. . The anchor to the quality of this hentai is in its animation It doesn't do well to hold up in quality. This ends up coming off as an aged hentai with a multitude of flaws.. . Some flaws that are ...
Uzaki-chan feels like another carbon copy attempt of a SoL RomCom where our leads have opposite personalities. Nowadays, it feels like these types of romance anime are mass produced.. . My issue with Uzaki-Chan is that it feels so uninspired and brings nothing new to the table. The show reminds me of the romance version of Demon Slayer where the idea's and plot developments are all reused and recycled. However, Demon Slayer made the best possible version of the reused material with everything else being dialed up to an 11.. . Uzaki-chan did not dial anything to an 11.. . If you have watched shows like Nagatoro (maybe not S1 but ...
Tesla Note, the second coming of Ex-arm... Is it that bad? Kind of yes, but mostly for different reasons.. . Don't get me wrong, this show is ugly. 3D is half-baked at best, constantly supplemented with bottom-tier 2D (outside of nice backgrounds), inconsistently animated (sometimes quite well, sometimes atrociously when the team rushed important scenes and patchworked stuff together in the most jarring ways). It's not as broken as Ex-arm and not as hideous as Gibiate, but that's basically the only positive thing you can say about Tesla Note's looks. At least the inappropriately-high-quality voice cast does their absolute best to bring the over-the-top characters and cringy ...
I watched psycho-pass because it was recommended for fans of death note. A big difference between psycho-pass and death note is that psycho-pass is more sci-fi, while death note is more fantasy. However, what I liked about death note was that there was ONE fantasy element (the death note, which yes, did come with the shinigamis) that was placed in an otherwise normal and real-life-like world. I tend to like anime that show characters in a real, non-fantasy life, like Monster and Perfect Blue, and Death Note was amazing even though it had that fantasy element. However, in psycho-pass, the story is way to sci-fi ...
Mappa, the studio behind highly-anticipated shows such as Jujutsu Kaisen and Chainsaw Man, now bring us... a boring series that relies on talk-no-jutsu and as much subtlety as a brick to the face. Oh, and Mappa worked on Vinland Saga season 2, the sequel to the 2019/2020 hit! People, what is going on here?. . All I can guess at is that a) the source material lacked depth, and/or b) the team adapting the source material were burned out/not the regular A-team who gets handed all the big projects. I don't think the show is particularly bad, but it somehow manages to try and be as dark ...
I felt disgusted watching this series. I didn't finish it because I couldn't bring myself to watch a loli anime. if you watch this and genuinely like it, you like kids. this show is disgusting. it's a slice of life about a small fox girl who is 800 years old but looks like a small child and its somewhat romantic, with the scenes of them cuddling or the guy petting her tail absolutely disgusting me. please do not watch this if you are a mentally well person.. . The story is one of the only slices of life where a loli appears in a adult male's house ...
While the premise is quite interesting, the real deal turns out to be not so much. While the show is better than most of it's isekai brethren, it's still not something I would recommend. It's characters, while having potential, mostly used for already well-trodden tropes that aren't even utilized that good. There are hints of romance, adventure and politics, but none of them are explored well and main conflict turns out to be contrived drama.. Maybe there is more to this franchise, maybe there will be season 2 where everything will turn out to be awesome. But as it stands, this anime compares better only to ...
I often have a troubled history with slice of life anime. It is often my least favorite genre of anime but I'm always willing to give the genre a chance just on the off chance I find a slice of life anime that I actually like which can happen albeit not very often. Slice of life anime can often delve into many subcategories such as romance, school life, or the daunting tasks that perpetuate our daily lives. However this anime abandons many of the typical tropes of slice of life anime and focuses on complete and utter zaniness in order to be entertaining. Unfortunately it ...
I’ve got to say in all honesty ummm, it’s the biggest piece of dog shit that I have ever watched. Everyone’s laughing by the way cus’ it’s true cus’ they have seen it too, everyone saw it right? Look everyone’s like “yeah big piece of dog shit”. Shouldn’t be called Isekai de Cheat Skill wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Genjitsu Sekai wo mo Musou Suru: Level Up wa Jinsei wo Kaeta it should be called big piece of black dog shit, that’s what it should be called. Not even the hard dried up dog shit for 7 days, it’s the soft dog shit, it’s ...
Quintessential Quintuplets is painfully straight, boring and grating. The constant bickering got old after the first episode and was unbearable by episode three. Shojo/harem anime are, by definition, carried by their characters which is where QQ falls the shortest. The MC is an ass, the sisters are unlikable and one dimensional and nothing interesting or fun has happened in any episodes I've watched. That being said the op is decent, the animation is good and there were one or two jokes that made me laugh so maybe theres something other people will find enjoyable about it.. . People always say QQ is a very "different" harem anime ...
A 46 minutes summary of all 48 episodes of Kimagure Orange Road which aired on TV just after the show ended. It was made to promote Moeru Oniisan, the new anime made by the same studio which will take its time slot.. . The way it promotes it is by showing scenes of the unreleased episode 1, also the opening song and some other random scenes to hype the potential viewers. The VAs of Kimagure talk about Oniisan while recapping their own show. We can say it's a big promotional video for two anime series, Kimagure sure was supposed to end but the manga popularity meant new ...
This anime starts out strong. Good characters, interesting mystery, very nice aesthetic. It has one major flaw which makes it pretty obvious by the middle of the season that it is going to flop really hard by the end. And that obvious flaw is the really soft magic system.. . -no spoilers-. It became really boring really fast to watch our heroes overcome their adversaries just to have a "cliffhanger" at the end of every episode because "HAHA bet you didn't see that coming!!" and then the series casually changes the rules of the game as we move along. By the end of the first half of the ...
I do not recommend this to viewers who read the synopsis and expect gangs, bandits, action, sword fights. No! This is a boring soap opera my friend, I'm warning you here. Even so the first recommended Samurai Champloo has nothing in common with this.. . I think the characters are interesting and would have room to develop further, if the story isn't this boring. But the MC... My god he's like a wet stray dog. He's so miserable and pathetic, you just want him to end his misery by commiting seppuku because of his pitiful acts against bushido. I don't like him at all.. . Art is amazing. ...
Fun premise - atrocious animation. . The premise of different species working together on distant planets in a cool Sci-Fi setting seemed great to me, but that excitement ended when i saw the character animation and camera moves of this show.. . The animation looks to be done in some kind of pseudo 12fps (animation on twos). This can be absolutely fine when you do it with respect for the limitations it brings, but when you do wild pans and zooms at 12fps, i just get the urge to barf.. . Apart from this, the character animation in general is extremely sloppy. Pretty much all background characters are just copy pasted ...
I find that there are three aspects of a given anime that best indicate its quality: animation, characters, and story. The animation is excellent, however G-Witch’s execution of the other two categories fails miserably.. . Please note that I am a fan of the wider Mobile Suit Gundam franchise.. . Let's look at the macro issues in G-Witch's story (plot and world building) first. . The story details the life of Suletta Mercury, a young girl who transfers into a space school that prepares its students for mobile suit (which are pilotable robots) related jobs.. . Already, there are flaws with this premise. The show pays little attention to school elements despite ...
Animation is surprisingly decent, like the one shiny penny in a pile of rusty coins. But alas, the plot! It's as if a group of monkeys got hold of a typewriter and tried to write a masterpiece. The twists and turns are about as shocking as finding out that the sky is blue. The characters are as flat as pancakes, with personalities that make cardboard cutouts look lively. It's like watching a soap opera with no drama and all the suspense of a snoozing sloth. If you're in dire need of a laugh, gather some friends, grab some popcorn, and have a good ol' time ...
Watching Megalo Box 2 has made me want to rewatch the first season, but not on a good way. It's been over 2 years since I watched season one, and I gave it an 8. For a 13 ep season it was nicely paced, great story, thoroughly engaging and vary enjoyable. After watching season 2 however, I'm starting to question my initial thoughts. It's not great.. . I've never watched an anime that I can say was rushed and really slow at the same time. Quite and achievement to be honest. There are still 13 episodes but 3 story arcs and each one of them ...
I gotta admit that the hook of a character being isakai-ed, returned, and the isekai-ed round 2 with his entire class was intriguing. There are so many ways it could have gone. It could have explored the instainability of summoning a hero to save the world. Or maybe play with the timelines where the MC had to figure out the new changes of the isekai world he once knew. So many possibilities.. . What did they do? They dropped us into the exact same world a couple years later with absolutely no changes but the bad guy is doing bad stuff again. The class that comes ...
I really don't understand why this anime get's such good reviews, it's average at best hence my rating of 5. There are some nice elements that make it watchable, but ultimately the anime is boring.. . SOUND: About what you would expect. It's average, good enough, but not good enough to overlook the drastically detracting qualities of this anime.. . CHARACTERS: The characters and character development is good. Their back stories and origins are good. It's nothing special, new, or particularly enthralling, but definitely better than your average Shounen character development by a longshot. In fact, this is the best part of the anime. If you like slice of ...
Recap episode. That's it. I was super excited to see this new episode of Mashle,sadly this was just a recap,copy paste from the past 6 episodes.. I really don't get it why they make this,just to milk it a little bit more?I mean is probably perfect because you just need to copy and paste,and woila a new fresh,unique episode.. Just skip this,I was just a bit disappointed because crunchyroll notification said "new mashle episode".. I'm really wondering who's the target of this? and why? Guess I'll have to wait a week for a real new episode.. Well if you forgot the previous 6 episodes now you have a ...
Below Mediocre. Story: 6/10 C+. Animation/Art: 8/10 B+. Sound: 6/10 C. Characters: 3/10 D-. Acting(subbed): 5/10 C. Enjoyment: 4/10 D+. Overall: 4/10 D+. . Story:. It's not bad. It has a nice concept behind it with them trying to throw in a nice plot twist that's foreshadowed earlier in the movie but it's also predictable because of that. The plot twist could also have easily been replaced with something else in the movie, something that is introduced early on and is an existential threat. The plot twist makes one of the main plot points of the movie, the pancreas of the girl, completely ignorable. The main reason for this is the blank slate characters to ...
So, first and foremost, I absolutely love this show, it's refreshing, it's funny, it's just an overall joy to watch.. However, this special in particular is nothing but filler, the worst kind of filler, that is just copy pasted replays of previous episode highlights.. That's all it is, it doesn't add a new perspective, it doesn't add a new story, it's a replay, that's it.. Now anime studio's do this all the time, the gripe I have with this however is that we are only 6 episodes in, which means this is beyond milking it.. It's not worth your time to watch, it's literally a recap of the couple ...
I only got 3 episodes in and even that was disturbing and torturous. I started it because I had heard from a few sources that it was supposed to be pretty good and I'm willing to push through some mediocre episodes at the start if it goes somewhere good if that's what I need to do but that was some of the most degenerate shit that I have ever seen. It's just a couple of guys obsessing about making a hentai game and once it got to the scene where the main character is hiding in the bushes while waiting to take lewd pictures of ...
When "Nice" Isn't Enough - A Conventional Encounter with Magic. . As the saying goes, "'nice' is the brother of 'bad,'" and that's unfortunately the case with The Ancient Magus' Bride. While many praise it as a magical journey, it delivers an all-too-familiar, even tedious, experience. Stories, though passable, mimic conventional narratives seen on drama-driven TV.. . The supposed posh "British" accents aimed at giving an aristocratic flair feel forced, detracting from the allure. But it's not all lackluster - the series shines in atmospheric presentation, merging captivating music, vivid colors, and distinctive artistry.. . Predictability permeates the narratives, dulling viewer engagement. Emotional guidance, feeling formulaic, results in monotone viewing.. . The series ...
This is an anime that has the worst type of MC: a weak male crybaby who only thinks emotionally. He is the type of character that makes me question if anyone that annoying exists. He is completely not relatable and incredibly dumb because all his actions make little to no sense. He is basically Takemichi from Tokyo Revengers if his intelligence dropped by 100 IQ and if he was actually a kid mentally. He just does whatever he believes and it all works out because he has an OP girl who likes him.. . What annoys me, even more, is how fast the characters just change ...
Jojo is an anime which is known for its eccentric art style, it's over the top characters, and overall bizzareness. Sadly, Stone Ocean experienced what I call getting "Netflixed". What do I mean by this? Well, in essence, getting Netflixed means getting watered down to a diluted version of its former self. Like many Netflix shows, Stone Ocean relies on an overabundance of poor CGI in addition to bad animation. It is hard to believe, given the extremely slow release date and batch release of this show when compared to previous Jojo parts, that it somehow was released at a lower animation quality than perhaps ...
The valentine's edition of kimetsu academy is a short ONA that is centered around Zenitsu. Its story is very simple and it revolves around Zenitsu going to teachers to ask for advice on how to be popular. The problem I have with this ONA is that Zentisu is the most important character. As a side character he's tolerable but he has quite a big role in the ONA and acts pretty obnociously.. . Aside from Zentisu all other characters are okay and fun enough to watch. The voice acting is good but the animation isn't great with all characters being chibi characters.. . Overall your enjoyment of ...
"Oshi no Ko" starts off strong with pretty animation and music, but the story falters as the series progresses. The pacing becomes terrible after a couple of episodes, leaving the story feeling bloated and dragged out.. . The characters are not particularly likeable or interesting, and the jokes throughout the show fall flat. The YouTube dance scene is horrible and annoying, and the OST aside from the opening and ending doesn't add much value.. . The story is bloated with a documentary about the idol and entertainment industry, which doesn't add any value except repeating publicly available information.. . Additionally, main characters barely use the knowledge from their past lives, ...
6 eps in Oshi no Ko, an anime that promised a unique blend of idol culture and psychological thriller, falls painfully short of its potential. While the premise held promise and initially sparked intrigue, the execution of the storyline and the development of its characters left is simply bad. this anime fails to deliver a compelling narrative, resulting in a lackluster and underwhelming experience. I'm very disappointed as I've went in with the highest expectation with the superbly high rating and its from an Author that writes Kaguya-sama.. . Oshi no Ko have an inconsistent pacing and disjointed storytelling. The series begins with a fascinating concept, exploring ...
I do not even know where to begin with. So I'll do my analysis the same way the anime showed: with sloppiness and really messy because it's not even worth the time to do a serious analysis. This anime has a very slow pace, very bad scene montage and cutscenes. The firstfruits is good, but the characters and the way they are shown is all bad. Shallow characters, who talk a lot but have little to say. The anime is lost with half of it worrying about showing bullies being bullies with others for free or not (seriously the main plot could be summarized in ...
This is the definition of a generic anime. It's like eating junk food for a full meal, you'll finish it, but you won't feel satisfied with it. The main hero is the generic dense nice guy who has girls falling in love with him for no reason other than he has a pulse. He has OP abilities. But the biggest issue to me is he has no goals, and every time he gets one, it's resolved in minutes, and usually it's because someone else did it for him. He never actually works for a single thing he gets, despite how much he gets. It's fun ...
What… happened here?. . A show like this, which presents itself as a bold, creative, unconventional and unapologetically crass callback to the early Gainax days, should’ve been an absolute slam dunk in every regard. What we got instead was a painfully dull, creatively bankrupt mess that seems desperate to appeal to people who irrationally hate current mainstream anime while doing nothing that any of its inspirations haven’t done a million times better. The show itself doesn’t even feel like it’s having all that much fun with itself. It goes for the safest bare-minimum gags at every turn and refuses to do much beyond the characters’ one ...
‘Adachi to Shimamura’ should go to the trash for its ridiculously slow development of story.. . The plot is kind of realistic, however, word realistic is a derogatory term here talking about plot. In the domain of non-politically related plots, realistic means mediocre or further, dull. The heroines talk and think about the same things in each of the 12 episodes, but no fundamental difference is made. In the end, it seems that nothing do occur. The heroines literally do nothing for their romance. The plot is only flavorless water; the climax is hot water, which is hot but still flavorless.. . Compared to the dull plot, ...
Japan military goes to the other world. Of course in retaliation to the initial invasion, which do it extra lame.. . Story intro touches many subjects and a lot of characters in very short amount of time. You don't really get invested into anyone specific before person is already gone from the screen. It feels like author does speedrun to some specific goal without any consideration to the pacing or quality of the actual story.. . A lot of handwaving goes around to make this mess work. Most glaring problems in the logic of this story in first 3 episodes:. - It does not seem that isekai empire (which ...
This anime has, BY FAR, one of the worst endings I have ever come across in an anime. It is so utterly disgusting and stupid and annoying that it completely rewrites my opinion of the anime as a whole.. . They should’ve just ended it with the duke’s confection and called it a day or just completely redid the ending. Now I’m not one for this type of anime but I actually would rate it at an 8 or maybe even 9 up until the last like 15 seconds of the anime.. . You could totally see it coming but up until those last 15 seconds you ...
I just stumbled upon this and decided to watch it, didn't even know there was an OVA coming, and i'm very disappointed. The ending of s3 was so good, so I thought this might've been some epilogue showing some Yukino and Hachiman scenes, but it turned out to be some kinda of pseudo-harem? Even though in S3 was crystal clear that Hachiman chose Yukino, this OVA made it seem that Yui didn't give up yet and will try to steal Hachiman for Yukino.. . In conclusion, I really don't see the point of this OVA, and i'll just try to forget about it. Season 3 was the ...
Think of a regret I had when I completed this work. I ALMOST give up halfway through.. Every time I go to watch a work, I never expect anything. Especially because - "if you don't expect anything, you won't be disappointed". And that's when I wasn't disappointed with anything, I repeat, WITH NOTHING.. Starting with young characters already gives me that "pathetic" look. There are hardly any works like this, which work well in the chosen theme. Horror. Horror? To watch? LOL. The pathetic progression with pathetic characters, made me learn to cook. Ironic I would say.. If you're going to watch this disgraceful anime, take a tranquilizer first, ...
So many isekai that I have watched and this one is sadly one that I have to drop. Not because of how generic the story is (heck I read the manga adaption for the light novel) but because of how painful the animation is to the eye. I would dare say that the manga has better animation than this anime. And the sad thing is that the studios who worked on this have some anime on their name that was loved by many...so I do not know how this got into existence. Never would I have imagined that a manga adaption could be worse than kenja ...
Prepare yourself for a lackluster experience with "One Hit Kill Sister," brought to you by the uninspiring animation production of studio Gekkō, established in 2017. With other works under their belts such as "Tenpuru" and their involvement in sound production for "Peter Grill and the Philosopher's Time", I didn't have much hope for this anime.. . The original creators, Konoe and Kenji Taguchi, seem to have a fascination with the incest trope, which immediately raises eyebrows and leaves a sour taste in the viewer's mouth. Despite hoping for more depth in the characters or a surprising twist that would shatter the notion of blood relations; the ...
What a waste, they took a pretty fun manga and animated it so miserably bad it pisses one off. Massive disappointment, being a manga focused on fights the adaptation should have worked better on animating the fights instead of making them look like a powerpoint. If you're interested just read the manga instead.. . You will probably enjoy the characters but the animation ruins everything, keep that in mind if you're going to watch it, if you read the manga and want to watch the anime, you're probably going to feel disappointed. Wish some decent studio take it in the future and starts animating it with effort ...
ive seen bad shounens believe me but this show manages to break all previous record holders. . i dont know how, but i managed to get through 150 episodes of this garbage on max playback speed. . every episode and fight is like:. "oh bro its so over the enemy has some special ability how will we defeat him???". "noo the enemy is about to defeat me with his special ability, owari da, the anime has fallen". *AD BREAK*. "omg no way my ally has blocked the enemy's strike, we are saved!". enemy: "nani? impossible! how did you stop my <X ability>??". "haha well, let me show you a flashback to my training ...
The story and morals are not bad and surely a lot can relate or understand and find value here, however the writing, storytelling, humor, is cringe, repulsive, disgusting, and unnecessarily disturbing.. There’s no reason why certain things are here when it’s about a simple story about a weird teenage unpopular girl with a weird personality, yet keeping most things in her thoughts that nobody around her knows, the morality of loneliness and feeling not normal or human and the importance of not feeling alone, not being afraid, knowing that you are human, and the morality of well.. growing up, accepting the fact it’s natural and ...
How a bad pacing kills the interest on a show.. . This is an anime I can't just recommend. I couldn't even finish it, because of the pacing. Is hella slow, but in the worst sense of the word slow. This isn't like saying "the beginning of The Lord of the Rings is slow-paced to set up everything in motion", this is "at episode 15 the plot theoretically already started, but it feels like literally nothing happened".. . It's painful to watch, because what the show is telling me is interesting but it feels like nothing is happening. My feeling at episode 15 was the same I ...
‼️‼️‼️‼️This is a big update of a review I wrote months ago, so this is basically a remake of it.‼️‼️‼️‼️. . This is a review about the anime adaptation of the Sweet Punishment series. Sweet Punishment is a great manga that you should read if you like manga with an interesting plot and if you don't mind erotic scenes.. . Speaking about the anime. The anime adaptation of it is literally not good. Why? Here's why. First off, let's talk about the fact that they messed up the plot in the anime adaptation. The anime adaptation doesn't focus much on the plot at all. It mostly focuses on ...
An Isekai wish-fulfillment male power fantasy, cranked up to eleven. Iseleve starts with an interesting premise of a protagonist who can freely move between this world and another, which is a rare sight in the Isekai genre. But that's where the originality ends.. . TL;DR: Bad storytelling, flat, one-dimensional characters, lack of plot direction, zero world-building, bundled up with pretty-looking character designs undermined by bottom of the barrel directing.. . The entire story is based on the main character's incredible ability of happening to be in the right place at the right time. He does nothing of his own volition other than react, heroically of course, to the situation ...
No. Just no. This was a chore to sit through. The characters have no depth, the way the monster dimension was signaled should have an epilepsy warning attached to it because it was so jarring it made me physically ill, the relationships are so forced it's disgusting. I just do not have any good things to say about this anime. It should have just ended on episode 11, but no there needed to be an episode 12 where there's magically a (somewhat) happy ending for everyone involved, and so everyone just magically gets revived and it's haphazardly explained that it's another timeline, even though this ...
Isekai anime thrives off of cliches and character tropes. This is an inescapable reality for the subgenre.. . However, it is within those boundaries where quality resides. Or... well... it's supposed to.. . This show suffers a great many issues ranging from poor pacing and character development to story content so unoriginal you question whether or not it counts as plagiarism.. . Add in cheap animation and excessive CGI if you like your reviews with extra salt.. . This is one of those isekai that gets used by haters of the subgenre to prove points. No one except for existing fans of the light novel or manga are likely to ...
TL:DR Only put this on for background noise.. . Setting. Based in a totally realistic modern day Japan where people rather oogle random hot-guy MC's jawline instead of getting to work on time, or returning home to cook dinner for their family, or paying attention to traffic lights.. . Plot & Characters. Exactly what it says on the tin. Fat dude goes to narnia for yoga lessons for weight-loss program. Every episode is then required to have at least 5 minute segment show-casing his newfound handsome silhouette. Actually let's just make a dedicated episode honouring his perfect skin, yes thats it! He will suddenly be hired as an impromptu male-model and ...
Watching the English dub, my interest grew less and less as each minute elapsed. The story does not revolve around Rimuru which comes as a disappointment. A new character emerges, an ogre, but his character seems contrived and offers no value in one's interest.. . The dialogues and voice acting are the real culprit of this atrocity. Cringey writing and translation make this film unbearable to watch. The writers squander their efforts from formulating a well cohesive story. The voice actors force their voice into painful utterances as though they have given up their craft in their artistry. Why still be an actor if you are regressing ...
I went into this already knowing that it is a side story and that it will probably not be too engaging. I got what I expected.. . The parent story, Ousama Ranking, was incredibly fresh, at least in the beginning. The quality of the art style, which I loved so much when it was at its most vibrant (as in episode 1), was surprisingly dull at times, and generally not consistent. The story suffered a bit from pacing issues, and despite considering Bojji the Best Boy of the year (and Kage as a great sidekick), it still bothered me that he could somehow understand what people say ...
i'm actually proud of myself, i used to watch the entire anime even if i saw obvious signs of it being garbage but now i don't waste my time and simply drop it. i love books, i thought i would like this anime even if the mc is 1 dimensional,generic,not having a single fucking personality trait besides reading,mary sue. but i was wrong, in episode 2 i realized it's over, elinna agrees to be married to a prince because she gets access to a special library with rare books and she 'slowly' falls in love with the prince, now that's the plot, first off what a ...
Anime was a mistake. . We went from space monkey fighting another space monkey to a girl who wants to practice beastiality with her dog. . Someone in japan decided to pitch this idea to an anime and the producer somehow agreed to greenlit this into an anime and over 100+ people agreed to take part of making this anime and aired them. Japan....Why?.....why Japan.....WHY???. . This is why alien hasn't invaded us yet. This is why Harambe left us. And this is why my dad left to get some milk in the grocery store ( a joke ofc don't take it seriously). . In a word of the great Anime Zone Gigguk ...
So far ive seen 8 episodes (amazing I got this far) and I don't understand that people can stand the MC. He is a despicable character, a thief, liar, ass-kisser and his actions although fitting at the beginning, get terribly old, to the point of being annoying. The everything about this series is a typical as it gets for chinese anime. Annoying flat villains, non-inspired support characters, typical 'plot' but without the crucial satisfyingly op and cool MC its just a chore to get through.. There is one purpose for this kind of 'story'. It is satisfaction, the fantasy high, joy of seeing a character ...
The animation sucks, not worth your time watching it. It’s not the manga’s fault. It’s really the animation studio’s fault, because the manga was pretty cool, and this anime comes out. You can tell the difference between 3d animation and classic 2d anime unlike Love Life. They could have done better with the 3d model designers and the animators, I can tell they tried to get the cost the lowest they can. They could have also got a better voice actor. I’d say go ahead and read the manga rather than watch this anime, it’s a waste of your time.
I love Yui as much as the next guy but studio feel goes for a shameless cash grab here. There were so many brilliant hachiman yukino moments that were SO well written in Oregairu Shin. Call me whatever but I got butterflies reading the LINE interactions between hachiman and yukinon. And what do we get? A fucking date between hachiman and yui that doesn't even happen in the source material. Even if you are a yui fan, nobody wanted the OVA to give closure to yui's feelings about hachiman, yui already knew she lost, her wish was literally for hachiman to make yukino happy. It ...
After an intresting entry we had a poor story I can tell that's the worst DC Conan movie I've ever watched due the lack since of reality also the plot didn't make any sense and events wasn't that contacted, it feels the author rushed the ending and wanted to put Conan as savior which made it a bit shitty to take it .. . the animation was beautiful like always however the movie had a lack of soundtrack it's barely can here something playi in the background or maybe because the movie has silence in the title lol .. I'm always excited to see all these characters ...
“Wise Man's Grandchild” is what happens when You let the most basic story about an OP hero marinade in cliche sauce.. . The main plot is painfully generic. A background NPC of a salary man gets killed in a dumb way by truck-kun (and this time is really stupid, not saving anyone, the dude just got lost in thought and walked on a red light, on a crossing) and isekai’d to a fantasy world. After being reborn he’s found among the corpses of his family by a powerful mage who decides to adopt him. What follows is a vanilla story about an OP AF teenage mage, who ...
I don't get some positive reviews on this scam... If you want to get what this season is about quickly, take a minute to imagine what you would feel if a series like "Friends" from one season to another turned out into something similar to a horror/suspense movie instead of fun and entertainment. If you wouldn't like something like that to happen, then you get what this season is about.. . On the other hand, if you are a loser who enjoys that kind of nonsense changes of topics in a series, then you will love this.. . I like drama series, and I like action animes; I watch ...
As a huge fan of the manga and the first season, I was incredibly disappointed with this. While the first season was one of my favorites of all time, this slaughterhouse (pun intended) felt like a completely different show, and not in a good way.. . The biggest issue for me was that they left out LITERALLY THE BEST ARC from the entire series and one of the best character, which was a huge disservice to the source material. The pacing was off, and the story felt rushed and disjointed, making it difficult to connect with the characters and their struggles. Furthermore, the changes from the source ...
man, this has to be the most boring anime i have ever watched, THE ONLY good thing in this anime is hand-to-hand combat fights. i don't care about ANY of the characters, Motoko is just a smug bitch, Batou is motoko's bitch and Togusa is batou's bitch.. . why is motoko dressed like that in a police force environment?? the only reason is fanservice, how fucking stupid are they to not know this anime has a serious tone so wearing a bikini in police station while investigating a national crisis doesn't make any sense. . holy shit the plot is boring, the entire time i was like Oh NO here ...
This movie was made to cash crab on my childhood and failed really badly since I've outgrown DM years ago. There is nothing worth talking about this stupid movie since it was never worth the hype. People only told me it's gonna be good but I end up sleeping halfway in it so I had to go back to watching something I actually prefer than this shitfest. The creator made this movie just to please his ego and not care about the newer fans. This movie sucked to hell and always was shit. You wanna know a little secret about this movie. Believe or ...
Violet Evergarden, both a doll in occupation and in mentality.. I assume you have watched the series before reading this review. There will be minor spoilers for the movie in this review, but nothing MAJOR.. . Before we start with the actual review of the movie, we need to talk about the series first. The series was, in nature, the journey of violet evergarden to understand emotions, To understand what the major told her before his death, the words “I love you”. As violet progresses through the episodes and gets to listen to more and more people she develops, and finally understand major’s feelings. And as she ...
Ousama Ranking, a story with a title that has zero relevance to anything, sporting visuals from the 90's that makes even early One Piece fans cringe, with a cast of characters each dumber than the other, and an MC that is so pitiful you want to put them out of their misery.. . If this is a show that gets an 8.5 rating on MAL, god save us all.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 7/10. -----------------------------------------------. . The show looks stupid. There, I said it. It does. The art style is just stupid.. . The animation quality is however pretty good. If only the show didn't look like it was ...
This anime is trash. Complete and utter garbage, amazed how this even got such a high overall rating.. . This is no “cultivation” anime, any review that says so is talking nonsense. Cultivation existing does not make it a cultivation anime. It’s obvious by how NOTHING is explained in any depth about anything regarding cultivation.. . This anime is slow, boring and uninteresting. The graphics are trash so there is no saving grace there and the story is even more trash. Nothing interesting.. . You want to watch a cultivation anime this is not it. Wu Shang Shen Di, Soul Land, Against the Sky Supreme, Swallowed Star, Battle ...
This doesn't need to be something that's watched. I'd say the only positive to it is that it was quick to get through.. . The story is very bare-bones, and even still, so much isn't elaborated on. I've seen from reading other reviews that some say that the manga is marginally better. I'd say maybe that is the better way to consume the story but I'm not about to go out of my way to find out.. . The biggest thing I hated about the show was how the cannabilism scenes between Utsutsu and Yume were shown. The cannibalism was shown in a voyeuristic, almost erotic sort of light. ...
I remember growing up in the early 2010s hearing that Elfen Lied was a very good series. My friends at the time totally hyped it up but I had never gotten around to watching it for one reason or another. This past month, I finally watched Elfen Lied for the first time. Honestly... I was really disappointed. I don't think the series holds up to whatever hype I remember it having.. . Don't get me wrong, there were quite a few aspects of the show I did enjoy. Particularly, I was a fan of the action scenes. I think they still hold up. I also really ...
The animation is good, although sometimes the emotions are expressed weirdly. The music is also good. The main idea (of what caused the game) is ok but has some miscalculations. Everything else just gets worse and worse.. . The plot is very bad and feels too unnatural, most characters also behave unnaturally (I'm not saying about the cases when they feel desperate). One moment everyone is confused yet kind towards someone, seconds later they are all angry and violent towards him. A character gets a knife in his leg but soon stops crying and looks calm as it'd feel no pain. Someone just died and soon a ...
Sword Art Online is Ass. The writing is bad, the characters are pretty much poorly written, good settings but terrible execution. . SAO had a good first episode ngl. It made me interested in the world, the characters and the stakes of being trapped in an online VRMMORPG. If you get killed in game, you die in real life, that's crazy isn't it. But all of that gets blown away after episode three.. . After episode three, things just went down hill from there. Kirito gets super OP without being shown how exactly does he become OP, and he's pretty generic and blend without any strong motivation. Asuna ...
this show can be best described as a series of tryhard comedic reliefs played back to back with plot threads spurn in between. 'try hard' because they're repetitive to the point where you're obliged to feel lightened by them. there are so many plot points that just don't add up, & the characters constantly disregard the very motive they exist to achieve the *entire* time!. . another thing about the story is it turns in different ways 'just because' (like- the fights end before they can actually begin, and buildups lead up to nothing... and that's another thing- we learn nothing about anything since the first episodes ...
The Strongest Sage with the Weakest Crest. . . This anime is one of the reasons why quality control is needed. Why are the voice actors and animators paid for something so inferior? Surely there are better uses for the money and surely better manga, manwha, or novels to adapt.. . I have to admit at least one thing, the basic idea with the seals and the banishment of "wordless magic" was interesting. The demons weakening and controlling the human world in this way is a nice touch. But why is everything else so disappointing? And I'm not talking about the bad animations or pacing, no that's the least of ...
Within the first minutes had decent camera shots but then overused the absolute fuck out of it, not to mention I had no clue what was going on. All I saw were explosions chains and tits (OVERUSED TIT PHYSICS). there's basically no plot like wtf is this? the hand shakers? nimrods? that's so stupid don't even waste your time watching this garbage. you'd have more enjoyment watching two blind people bird watching. watch ghost stories dubbed instead at least that shits funny. we watched this because it looked bad and funny but this shit is just BAD.. . out of context if you listen to the music ...
Anybody who recommends this anime needs to get their head examined. The moral of this entire anime is literally "don't be fat, be handsome instead dummy.". . There is no storytelling. The MC just happens upon a magic door and that's it all his problems are immediately solved. No need to watch any more episodes.. . And ffs the amount of "everywhere I go everyone practically has an orgasm by just catching a glimpse of my face" is nauseating. I can't imagine how much of a hermit you'd have to be to enjoy this anime let alone write it.. . The only redeeming quality is the animation but it's so beyond ...
Rarely have I seen a 10/10 anime go bad so fast. The plot is solid until about episode 5-6, then it's all ass pulls from there. No spoilers but lord its just every episode something totally new and not foreshadowed becomes the next plot point.. . Imagine you get attacked by wild dogs at the start of the episode then halfway through some side character reveals they have a never before seen anti-wild-dog beam vision. Thats basically the whole second half of the show.. . First 5 episodes were elite!. . Went from cool reveals that made sense, the MC reasons the mysterys and explores to gain more info. To ...
Made in Abyss: Retsujitsu no Ougonkyou is an abysmal continuation to what could have been an interesting story.. The first season showcased fascinating worldbuildind, captivating the viewer with enchanting atmospheres and the promise of a journey in search of the knowledge at the end of the abyss, all qualities this season completely failed in carry on. The movie foreshadowed the shortcomings of the second season, but there the detachment from the strong points of the plot (dynamism of the journey, discovery of the abyss) was excused by the events that were essential for the continuation of the plot. Here the story becomes static once again ...
Made In Abyss is mid.. And I can tell you why.. I was aware of this show from the moment it aired.. "Made In Abyss this.". "Made In Abyss that.". But I never watched it, for six years I kept dodging it like a bullet because there was something I didn't like about it.. Child protagonists.. I saw the artstyle, I saw the protagonists, and I knew this show was mainly going to be for kids.. But I couldn't help myself anymore after hearing it get called "peak fantasy", so I finally gave in and started watching with bloated expectations.. What did I find? MID!. ...
Misunderstandings the anime. Starts out decents, gets really annoying and the title is just a premise for the connection between characters. After a few annoying episodes I was almost ready to slap every character and whoever thought of this premise.. . The characters are totally unrealistic, I know it's an anime trope to avoid talking about what happened because characters have one brain cell, but COME ON HOW MANY MISUNDERSTANDINGS CAN BE??. . It has a few funny moments, but it's not worth to bear the other 90% of the anime just for that.. . Save yourself some brain cells and don't watch this....
This is "Totally Spies" with a male cast,and JoJo's styled punchlines and plot.. . Characters are flat. Animation so far its fine, although the style is closer to when US companies try to create an Anime.. . Episode 1 and 2 are interesting and the premise is not bad, seemed like they wanted to make a "Men in Black" with creatures from the different human mythos, but it ended looking like "Chaotic" with better budget.. . The series seems more like a kids show with adult content on some areas which makes it off putting.. . If you will play the show in the background, then it's fine, but there is better ...
If I had to describe Jigokuraku with one word, it would be "hollow.". . Despite MAPPA's impressive animation* and decent soundtrack, Jigokuraku feels soulless. Even as a manga, it did not bring much novelty to the table. However, I was hoping for at least a bingeable run-of-the-mill shounen. I was even willing to overlook glaring plot holes that required turning off any reasoning modules in my brain, but the anime still fell short.. . What baffles me the most is how the direction managed to mess up the pacing. The first six episodes might have been tolerable if they didn't consist mainly of meaningless dialogues and endless exposition. At ...
I haven't been this infuriated with an anime in a long while. Would it kill the authors to write a normal healthy romance between women instead of writing this 'I fell in love with a person only to find out that they're my step sibling' trope??? This is basically Domestic Girlfriend, but worse. At least no one actually takes Domestic Girlfriend seriously, not even the anime itself. Sometimes it was so ridiculous and WRONG that it was just funny. Citrus on the other hand is almost unbearable to watch because it takes itself too seriously even though the premise is fking ridiculous and just BAD.. . If ...
A real mouthful, ain’t it? Not to worry. Officially, the title has come to be shortened to Okaa-san Online, which literally translates to Mom Online. Take from that what you will. Tell you hwhat, though, the fandom has given the series a somehow even more direct and to the point nickname, the MILF Isekai.. . You might be laboring under the impression that that’s a mocking nickname, and to be perfectly fair, the intent was almost certainly not devoid of mockery, but in all honesty, it’s about as accurate a name as this show can possibly get. It pretty much sums up the whole thing. Yes, that’s ...
The story is too outstanding. Outstandingly shit. It always exceeds my expectation on how shit an anime could get. This is straight up garbage. Did the author of the original series bribed the producing to company to make this an anime? Every single moment of this show is a fking meme. Its so terrible that is becomes a straight up comedy pile of trash. The art style is nice but the way they design the character's personality is just a mess. The mc is stupid for the most part, always be like "omg everyone looking at me, must be because i am a weirdo and ...
It's just a wet dream of a writer.. . A power fantasy with too random event's that don't make sense and don't push the story forward they introduce new love interests nearly like every episode that don't have anything to offer except they exist and are attracted to the main character. . the main character just does not have a personality that can grow he's just a good guy that's "shy" I would say more dense then shy but yeah.. . Overall the animation is beautiful but a total waste because of the writhing in this anime so I can't give it more than a 4 or 5 wasted potential ...
This anime started out with a funny concept. A group of adventures each abandoned that full the holes in their lives with random vices. Unfortunately after the first episode, this series falls flat.. . The characters are boring, don't really develop and have no real motives. In the first episode they all start by being jaded from being betrayed, yet by the end of the episode they all seem to warm up to each other. The characters really needed more time to become closer. Development just appears out of nowhere, without being fledged in the story.. . Each character's backstory is interesting at first, but ...
If you like wish fullfilment and power fantasy, this anime will be an 11/10 for you. This anime is one of the biggest power fantasies this season, maybe even of all time.. Sadly however, every other aspect was severely lacking in my opinion, but let's start with an overview:. . MC starts as extremely fat, ugly and untalented. Everyone hates him, even he himself. After his grandfather passes and leaves MC his house with a portal to another world (with magic, princesses and monsters, WOW!) MC instantly gets OP skills and weapons in the new world. Monster drops can be converted to money and his now extremely high ...
The premise sounded cool: a dark comedy about the mental problems of adulthood at 30+, things such as the loss of hope, dreams; the ennui and anhedonia; being explained with a smile on a kid show to prepare the stunned little brats for the reality ahead. Instead it's all about the characters whining off stage about their trivial normie "problems" like TFW no GF. Not being married yet. Not having enough friends. Stressing about what family or strangers think of you being single. Being alone, and especially (oh god no, not THAT...) being alone on X-mas.. . Maybe this is what people consider to be real adult ...
I don't understand why the rating for this anime is so high. Plot is messy, characters are boring and story is unclear.. . The show could've been better if the main character had a more interesting personality instead of being cringe. It's hard for me to root for this character when he throws on a front to look cool and I don't understand his personality. The female characters also just pops out of nowhere without any former introduction and looks like characters from other animes. In addition to that, I don't think it's neccessary to write an entire cast of female characters just for one guy. ...
This ‘Journey of Elaina’ is dull, in short. It is not recommended to watch this anime for enjoy the story of Journey which is indicated in the title.. . This anime tells one or two separate stories in each episode, but it does not have a clear main route. The story is insignificant and boring. The heroine, Elaina, is a naughty greedy narcissistic girl with a very realistic personality. This improved the watching experience, but the story itself is so faint that every shiny characteristic is shadowed by it.. . The animation and art is above average, but this is not enough to make up for the defect ...
Look, I also like walking chairs. I love unexpected jazz outbursts, and yes, you can always wake me up for another stubborn and strong female protagonist. Having said that: Suzume no Tojimari is a disappointing mess.. . One of the major flaws of the film was its lack of narrative coherence. While the protagonist follows clear landmarks throughout Japan, the plot meandered without any sense of direction. On top of that, we have poorly developed characters that lack any real depth or complexity. Why are these people so (un)involved in all of this? Only Shinkai seems to know - but he won't show us.. . It's true, Suzume no ...
Wow. I somehow managed to complete the first season of this lackluster work. I first questioned how a second season was even green lit, but I gave it a chance anyway. Long story short. I wasted my time on 4 episodes of an anime that got even worse in the second go around. I usually don't write reviews, especially negative ones. But wow, this anime literally has zero redeeming qualities. Visuals, sound, story, characters, its all shallow and boring. I don't see how anyone who has watched literally any other generic isekai would think this is anything but bad. Don't waste your time.
Nice cover, nice character design, I expect something good from this anime, although I'm pretty bored with stories like Otome Game but I don't really care about that.. . During the first minutes I was getting excited because I was going to see good anime, but unfortunately it's just imagination, This anime is different from what I imagined, I've read the summary but it seems it doesn't provide enough information for me and makes it misunderstanding.. . So the core of this anime is like football with comments from the outside world, it's really weird, and what disappointed me even more was the sound of the comments Kana Hanazawa, ...
I was bored by this anime and confused why everyone likes it.. . The pacing is weird throughout and doesn’t build adequately to the end. The whole show felt like an introduction where I was waiting to get some real plot development then we had very quick deepening of the plot, but without real character development.. . I didn’t care about any of the characters and it isn’t explained well why the characters are about each other. All but the ML we’re extremely flat.. . There were some interesting concepts brought up, but they weren’t fleshed out well.. This is a 7 at best, but I personally think its ...
When this anime started appearing I started to like it and I think this will be a good anime especially since it has quite a promising score, new characters that look cute and spoil the eye makes me sure this is going to be a good anime.. . But alas it was just a figment of imagination, when I watched the first episode there's an invasion I thought it was an Alien but it wasn't from a Devil, Is it a Devil? That's what I thought, it turns out that girl is a descendant of a demon, why? I don't look at it like a demon descendant ...
A review in one sentence; "An inexplicable love for 'Shu-cream' is not a substitute for a character or character motivation".. . hopefully it improves, but I wont be around to witness it.. . packed full of predictable and tired character tropes, comedy that largely does not land and with mediocre animation quality. Nothing stands out positively (apart from perhaps the OP) many things leave a bad taste in my mouth. I honestly struggled not to rage quit half way through episode 5.. . *please ignore the following, it was added just to satisfy the UTTERLY POINTLESS minimum review criteria*. the story is not unique, in fact it is so predictable that ...
This is more dramatic than degrassi and somehow twice as bad. I was always told this was one of the best romance anime and this is so awkwardly written and over the top. Half the characters are written to constantly be going through the most dramatic bs possible. All of these characters except for maybe taiga herself are anywhere between annoying or just the human equivalent of cardboard. To top this off I had to watch this in English and ryuujis va is terrible. I'm in the second to last episode and these kids are so edgy and sad. This show isn't realistic or so ...
Goblin Slayer took the scene by storm in late 2018. For a couple of months there, it was all anyone could talk about. As you may remember, Shield Hero would stir up a similar controversy the following year, but the level of seethe and cope was not even comparable. If you’re unfamiliar with what all the buzz about GS is… how did you manage that? Are you new to the internet? Or have you been here a really, really, really long time? Either way, if that’s the case, I suggest you drop this essay right now and watch the first episode – just the first ...
Sword Art Back Online.. . Summoned to Another World for a Second Time is exactly what it says on the tin except the contents in the tin went out of date because someone left it open on the shelf for a couple of weeks. It's more isekai, but this time it’s the second time the protagonist has been summoned to the same generic medieval European fantasy world with video game elements. This time, his entire class has been isekai along with him Arifureta style. An isekai new game+ if you will.. . Whilst the show isn’t offensively bad in any way, it wastes its potentially interesting premise by constantly ...
I have watched my fair share of Isekais and many bad ones (among them Kenja no Mago and Isekai cheat magician). And this one is definitely up there with the worst.. To try and stick out from the crowd, many modern Isekai try to have the "one thing" that you haven't seen before:. - I'm reincarnated and OP, but I'm a girl (somehow I think this counts). - I'm reincarnated and OP, but this is my second time being reincarnated. - I'm reincarnated and OP, but i'm a girl and i'm in a MMO world. . But this one didn't go for the "one thing". MC gets reincarnated and the gods ...
To be honest i wouldn't recommend this to anyone the anime is pretty average or i will say below average animation is sometime decent but when compared to other anime of such kind it lacks everything from character development to pace of story and even the plot is quite confusing to me i donno its just me or i think the creator himself is quite confused the anime is incomplete so ill have to read its manga maybe that is better than anime i hope at least but i wouldn't recommend this to anyone i could've made more detailed review but don't wanna put spoilers ...
A good rating overall and mouth opening premise grabs your attention, but it ends up being an art festival with no substance. Kimetsu no Yaiba takes the whole concept of tragedy and pursuit of salvation of a member of the protagonist's family and goes for the route of endering visuals and bad script, ridiculous side characters and ultimately, a decaying story that will leave you thinking about inconsistent plot choices, embarrasing monologues and dragged-on fighting sequences.. . There is so much you can take as an anime enthusiast when you had at your disposal the best anime there is, such as Berserk, Full Metal Alchemist and others. ...
There are two possible perspectives to analyze this film: From someone who consumed the manga and from someone who didn't. While it's impossible for me to pretend I haven't read the manga, I think it's safe to say it's a bad movie on both counts.. . Some movie 'highlights' regarding the manga:. . 1. It completely ignores the horror genre both in design and in feeling of danger, and that bothered me deeply. The manga succeeds in making you afraid or at least worried. The simplistic design of the safeguards in the movie didn't do it for me. The scariest thing was Cybo's robot body, seriously?. . 2. ...
I'm sure most people would not care much about what they watch, and come to watch them just to kill time, but for some reason this is just pain. PAIN. Not many other anime get me to react so awfully to this, it sucks even more that I have to deal with the tropes of isekai aswell.. . With an overpowered character we lose whatever progression the story may have, I actually had hope with him starting as a child but apparently that did not matter as he simply became the most powerful being alive by ten, his change in character is, well, not present, making him ...
I really don't know why others give this show any praise at all.. During the first couple of episodes, there seemed to be some hints of something that could lead to an interesting plot line, but three episodes later, and there's barely any mention of it.. . Useless characters, absolutely without dimension. No plot, no conflict, no interest. I'll go so far as to say the lovelife of the characters (so far, after 5 episodes) doesn't even reach middle school romance and realism. This is love potion level realism.. . The story is not unique. It's predictable in the most boring way. The art fits the story fine. The animation ...
So I watched the next highest voted anime on MAL, before it dropped in ratings a few weeks later and FMAB went back to no1 as it always does. If you are one of those people who think no1 means anything, FMAB will forever be no1, so you can give up on trying to excuse quality through rankings.. . That aside, for a supposed masterpiece it bored me out of my mind. I was stopping every 10 minutes to go watch something retro instead. And I am talking about the movie-length pilot here; not about every episode after that which is white noise as far as ...
Kuroko is supposed to be a sports anime, but it isn't even about the sport. Despite there being basketball games that take place, there is no real portrayal of basketball to be found. It is just a generic rule of cool anime that happens to involve basketball. The concept of superpowers in sports completely takes the point away from the sport in the first place. It makes the side characters irrelevant, and it completely destroys the foundation of the sport. Instead of placing the focus on the intricacies of the sport, we are focused on random superpowers. The characters are bland and uninteresting, and there ...
Isekai de Cheat Skill is an anime that betrays its own ideology. Someone who is extremely bullied suddenly gets handsome and maintains his kind demeanor. If this series really wanted to showcase that appearance is secondary to individual values and beliefs then the show should have kept the MC 's appearance as he was at the beginning of episode 1.. . To Be given the opportunity to enroll in this new school, as he was in the beginning of episode one. Instead we get a harem and the most shallow troupes such as falling on love at first sight, or falling on love after ...
Uhhh I don't even know where to start this anime is very disappointing to say the least. I found the plot really interesting but the over sexualization of these kids got reaallllly weird. I wouldn't even compare it to your average anime fan service it made me feel very uncomfortable and extremely weird. this is actually my first time publishing a review on here despite being a member for years but that also speaks volumes to how uncomfortable this anime made me. Episode 6 specifically was insane and it made me take in that they are a lot of sick freaks in this world.
Fan service and sexualization are pretty common things in anime despite how disgusting of a concept it is... but that does not mean an episode should be produced of content that is essentially hentai. These are supposed to be teenagers attending high school - meaning they're under the age of 18 and this sort of content would be illegal if they were real people. This makes this feel just disgusting and criminal... something that should have never left the drafting stages.. . The second half of the episode is really great, featuring a good plot, good animation, and all-around good design. It's really unfortunate that such a ...
Kagejitsu consists of 17 short chibi animations of the seven girls from "The Eminence in Shadow". These animations are all interactions between different girls based around their personality traits as portrayed in the main anime. The good thing about this ONA is that all girls are represented equally which means you'll see all of them in about equal measure. This is kind of nice since I barely saw Zeta in the anime.. . The problem I had with this ONA is that there's absolutely no story whatsoever. The main thing that was interesting in the anime was the story and its absence makes this feel like ...
1. Not a unique story. Art Style interesting... seemed more like a tech demo. Not a " anime film" like it proclaims to be.. . 2. There really wasn't much of a story. But the art style was cool. . 3. 0 character development we don't even know a name or a purpose really. Just flying on a familiar and a bunch of monsters attacking.. . 4. The character just defended herself and kept travelling. I was a bit bored.. . 5. Don't think it'll gain traction as is: it is an interesting concept and world I will return if it becomes a fully thought out work.. . ...
RULE #1. A writer of fantasy fiction only has to follow whatever rules he or she makes up for him- or herself.. . RULE #2. There are no other rules.. . RULE #3. But you really really *really* need to follow rule #1!. . ---. ...
Normally i give use of shock value in anime a very hard time for being immature, but to start in, School Days is absolutely horrendous more than you imagine, extremely unlikable people with no redeeming qualities whatsoever with the protagonist Makoto being a unapologetically despicable pervect that treats women in a vile way which mean it should gives an manipulative bad name to all high school drama animes. But personally considering that this was just a fan service made by a group of stoners so we just shown some respect to the creator attempts in making School Days kinda of innovative since we'got Kakyoin voice ...
I have read the manga and part of the web novel before the anime was announced, I knew that the anime would probably be shit. But this is even worst than I thought.. It's not even because of the predictable generic power fantasy story, as I usually enjoy them. The anime is just boring overall, animation is not good. Even the opening reuses scenes multiple times (there's like 10 seconds of a looped fight...).. . You'll be better off watching Iseleve that is also airing this season if you want a cheat power fantasy/isekai, at least the animation and artstyle is good.
Found it on Crunchyroll while searching for another anime. It felt like I was watching a demo of someone trying to test whatever techniques they could pull out in a shortest amount of time. Honestly not a fan but again it was 9 minutes and 5 seconds so I wasn’t expecting much until I saw people giving it a good review so I decided to watch it but it was meh tbh.. The story was unique I guess but you’ll have no idea wtf is happening since it’s too short, is it intriguing? Nope not at all. The characters i found them annoying tbh it felt ...
Everything about this anime is just plain dumb. It's not a thriller like among us because you already know who the killer is. You can deduce the killer from the title itself but the show is so dumb it just straight up tells you in the very first episode who the killer is. I watched the show thinking there's going to be some grand reveal in the end: but there's nothing. There's no suspense as you're told everything as you go: there's nothing hidden from the viewer. I don't understand how people can recommend this? It was such a waste of time. This anime is ...
First of all, Studio Orange did an amazing job animating this - it looks absolutely incredible.. This is a big departure from the old series, and while it does stay closer to the manga's story, it isn't really a good thing.. Some will say there is nostalgia-goggles while comparing the two, and that is understandable.. However, this series tries so hard to be dark and serious it just comes off as edgey grimdark. It's such a miserable slog to watch after the first two episodes. The show becomes tonally one note, there's no ups or downs.. Vash is a fun in the first two episodes, then ...
This show is bad :(. As a person who grow up with Dragon Ball(including this show) I cant even defend this mess. It's have alot of good concept but the excecution is bad. In the first arc they tried to redo OG dragon ball and failed. In the second arc they did a Saiyan revenge plot and it kind of work. The third arc is just a boring boss fight lmao(i guess the android 18 bit is kind of good). The forth arc with the very VERY good concept with the consequense of using dragon ball but it turn into a monster of the week show untill the final fight bruh. I ...
After i saw the First 3ep. For me was all mess, i didnt understand anything, 1) the plot armor that he want to be a Shadow that fight the Shadow, ok ... So on which base, where Is the motivation the event that make him choose this way... I have no answer.2) why in the First episode they kidnapp the girl... Only cause She a daughter of someone of a zaibatsu... Not knowing our MC saves her, Just because he beat motorbike band ... And again , only because he want It ,without a maggior event, or at least some explenation of his motive. 3) ...
First things first, don't watch it, don't even bother it if you are looking for anything more than guilty pleasure. This anime is horribly bad, full of plot holes, irrational decisions and the most generic and unlikeable characters in human history. The art style is at best: average, a mix of 2D + 3D is horrible.. . It's hard to find anything positive about this show but I'm going to try my best, fight scenes are okayish, the sound is ok, it is on Netflix (on the day of writing this review) and the most important thing, 1st season is WAY better than 2nd one. I ...
This show was overhyped because it's produced by Mappa, but apart from the normally decent animation, story is bland and characters blander. It's starts out like a documentary on medieval execution methods and continues into at least a couple disenbowelments per episode. With all this bloodshed one would expect some emotion, and yet. The beginning with Gabimaru's "mistery" and backstory was interesting but then they had to throw in all these forgettable characters. I swear all of them could die right this instant (and they do) and I wouldn't bat an eye. The only scene I liked was the wild young girl eating snakes with ...
Let's say that I have never come across a more shitty MC in my anime-watching career. Not sure why people rate this so highly, but it deserves no more than a 4 at best. And that is a hundred percent attributable to our shitty MC.. . An arrogant, rebellious little b***h that always turns down the girl that loves him. And the way he talks to her is just plain annoying.. . Could these manga authors not grow out of this shitty trope and realize that there is no fun reading a shitty MC's journey.. . I have a hard time watching this, and every time, I just wanna punch the ...
PT - BR. . A animação é competente, notável(as cenas de ação são muito bem feitas, levemente exageradas...), diga-se de passagem...a história(enredo) é simplório(tem até um leve plot twist no fim) e a fama desse anime é com certeza fomentada por páginas que glamurizam "um certo conteúdo" maldito presente na obra(triste apologia(mesmo sendo vindo de um robô). Não recomendo!. . EN - US(from Google Translator. . The animation is competent, notable (the action scenes are very well done, slightly exaggerated...), by the way... the story (plot) is simple (it even has a slight plot twist at the end) and the This anime's fame is certainly fostered by pages that glamorize "a ...
Actual garbage.. . There's not one thing I found done well in this battle-harem-fantasy-piece-of-ass.. . The story didn't flow smoothly forward. It took unnecessary detours and there were too many sub-plots that didn't need to be there. I don't who the writers were writing for, because the dialogue between the characters made no sense. The MC says something vaguely coherent and smart (as if) and the other characters act like he's the wisest person alive.. . The characters were annoying as hell. Everyone of them. The MC akwardly flatters everyone and they get swayd by him like they haven't heard a compliment in their lives. The MC is ...
So I gave this anime a try and let me tell you did it work! I went out and bought a gym membership and quickly lost 50lbs-- almost immediately the lady who works the register at my local grocery store stopped looking at me with abject disgust when checking out!. . It did take me a few episodes to realize that the anime was trying to develop a storyline (I had originally thought it was a weight-loss video series).. . All in all, terrible show with some great life advice!. . Story is unique in a way that makes me glad that it hasn't been done before. Art style is fine. ...
Picked it up purely because it was by Hajime Kamoshida - definitely not his best work.. . Boring. Not much happens every episode. Felt as if three pages of manga were somehow stretched into each episode.. . Weirdly paced dialogue. Conversations felt stiff/robotic.. . Poorly animated. Especially when characters run towards/away from the camera.. . Unrealistic character interactions.. . ...
If you remove the rotoscope animation from this... and forget about the 'historical' background, its exactly like any other isekai:. . MC gets teleported into a 'fantasy' world and gets everything he needs the moment he needs them, handed to him. In this case, the protagonist, carefree high school student, is seen as a mad genius because the story solves his problems by skipping details, and going directly to the results, without any intervention from the protaonist. Nothing that he does actually solves it, the story solves it.. . In this episode case, the last i watched before dropping this 'comedy', we weren't shown how the battle went ...
Another isekai with op character who has to face aboslute no struggle and gets everything handed the exact moment he needs those stuff.. . Over looking once again the absurd nature of a middle aged man with his mentality marrying a 12 yrs old, that seems to be inherent to all trashy isekais now a days, which also speak for these authors mind, there is simply no pathos in this story. A simple resolution is just not showing that he remembers from the past world, mainly that is for the viewers anyway as never in these trash isekai the protagonist uses any past knowledge from Earth, ...
Every character has exactly 1 personality behaviour and that goes through for the entirety of the anime. The comedy is the same as in episode 1, even when more characters are added to the recurring pool of characters.. . Story is about a wrestler trying to open a pet shop while wearing a dog collar in his neck. The author knows about its absurdity, it is even mocked inside the anime itself. This anime is kinda a comedic parody but with very bad personality for characters and without any comedic depth.. . The comedic nature also hurts its progression... nothing ever changes and there are many plot ...
Is there any reason to expect an obscure 30-minute OVA no one has heard of from the early 1990s called Star Dust to be worth a watch? No, not really, and you'd be correct if you dismissed this dud based on the shoddy looking cover alone, with the artwork being equally flat. Ichirou Itano directed a bunch of pulpy b-movie-like OVAs in the mid 1980s to early 1990s. Many of them are entertaining to some degree or feature fair production values, whether it's Angel Cop, Battle Royal High School, Megazone 23, or even Violence Jack. Star Dust remains one of Itano's most unrecognizable credits because ...
The plot twist when the "demon of the abyss" shows up gave me a lot of hope that this was actually going to turn out to be a great show that mislead me early on with a slow buildup and derpy sex humour, but pretty quickly it descended back into bad clichés and nonsenscial plot points.. I can't recommend it, but maybe the nonsense is a result of adaptation rather than inherently bad writing. I have no idea because I haven't read the Manga, but I would hope that it's better.. . . Apparently the review needs more information (I don't think it really does, but here we go). . . Is ...
If you want a deep, intellectual analysis of why I think this particular Japanese cartoon is not funny you are asking far too much of me.. . Kaguya-sama’s an unfunny comedy that uses self-depreciation and so-called self-awareness (really, just another form of narrow-mindedness) as a crutch to hide the fact that it really has no jokes worth telling and is extremely juvenile and childish and of no value to no one. At least with stuff like The Amazing World of Gumball I can say that it isn’t funny but its style of humour appeals to kids and aired on a kids cartoon channel, so I can give ...
The only fine element of this anime is art and premise. The rest either flushed down the drain or never existed in a first place.. . At first there was an element of mystery, but it was destroyed by idiotic logic or characters just ignoring what is going on around them. At some point I thought there would be feel of adventure in hostile enviroment of another world with harsh survival among hazards both passive (climate, calamities, radiation, etc) and active (predators, plague) with building of civilization later...But nope, show never actually went in that direction.. . In fact, characters never have problems with food and clothes, ...
Nothing to see in this anime. Horrible animation. non existing plot. Hpocrite plot. why did i even started this. Don't waste your time on this anime. . TLDR: character evolution too rapid, most true internal struggles basically conquered by Ep. 4. Obsurdly perfect protagonist who still has yet to come to terms with his perfectness. In 1 episode it went from potentially amazing to disappointingly boring. . It's basically the wish fulfillment Isekai story toned up to the max, to the point where it's extremely overexaggerated, and all the characters in the show are basically NPCs waiting to be saved by the MC and constantly admire him and hype him up, or are the ...
[TL;DR: A great idea, squandered, again. A novel concept with huge possibilities, that ultimately fumbles and collapses under its own weight. What starts out to be a genuinely interesting and captivating journey into the philosophical and scientific nature of the human condition on the surface, is slowly peeled away to reveal a disappointingly bogstandard, trope-filled mess, full of boring melodrama and cheap emotional manipulation. Points for trying, the art and sound is good, some ideas are straight up great, but the end result is ultimately disappointing.]. . To Your Eternity is infuriating. Not so much because it's obvious failings but because it squanders a really great and ...
The anime adaptation was a huge disappointment. I don't understand for what reason they changed the story, characters, and art style in the adaptation. They might as well call it a separate anime. And if you for a split second thought that they improved the bad sides of the manga, making it easier to follow or making female characters more deeply written, you are wrong. They have made from a decently written story with a fair amount of cliche moments another "op mc" mess.. . The story became more cliche and predictable, with every scene spelt out to an embarrassing amount, and the same setup feeling completely ...
Yuan Long was originally a novel, but this donghua has deviated so much it is no longer an adaptation. Therefore, I will not treat it as such, instead I will make some remarks at the end about some changes.This review turned into a half-rant too, so be warned.. . General Plot: After the end of S2, Wang Sheng was chased out of Wuyou City after having killed on its premises despite . He is now headed to the royal capitol. Along the way, is ambushed and brought into an illusionary world built on his memories, essentially returning him to the modern world. Because of this, we find ...
While Revisions shows a lot of promise in the first few episodes, but I think needed a much longer season to truly make sense. I feel it is probably another one cursed by Netflix.. . In some episodes not much happens, in other episodes you get Lore Dumps, Battles and confusing exposition. This is very typical for your average anime but for a 12 episode season it feels very confusingly paced. The closing 3 episodes are very chaotic and don't really make me feel like watching the previous ones were worth it.. . Additionally Daisuke's character kills any mood I had in investing in the show. Their only ...
Tired of animes where any development around the society/other characters happens solely because of the MC's ability. Basically the MC becomes the deus ex machina for the author to use as he pleases to move other characters. In this case, the MC is a genius that can solve you any problem, learn any new type of engines in a matter of seconds and fix those engine problems as well in a matters of seconds with spare parts. Now, many engines function similarly, but the mechanics around them changes depending on many factors and what they are trying to achieve.. . Also, they are poor but have ...
This is truly the most isekai of isekais, the only thing worth mentioning about this one is its animation and 3D - which tbh is nice - tho I am not fun of. (its a better god eater). . Other than that everything else is basic - story, characters, world.. . The MC is unlikable, humorless turd.. . Every female our MC meets is pretty much the same, just with a different hair colour - after a week I completely forgot which one was which.. . Its a shitty Narnia essentially - tho the MC is basic asf - everyone seems to be drooling over him and when he takes a shit, ...
Oh boy where do I begin...Well, for starters a second season of Promised Neverland helped me to develop a helpful practice further down of my path to explore the world of anime - to wait for fucking reviews before watching anything and especially second season of promising (no pun intended...or is it?) show.. . Further down of the review I would refer second season of Promised Neverland as separate show called "Neveragain", because first season with enough imagination could be a nice short show on it's own (maybe one additional episode with neatly done epilogue to seal the deal, just my opinion ofc), while second "season" is ...
This anime taught me not to be an idiot who watches anime to the end for a "challenge" or "achievement" sake, even if said anime is bad.. Nonsensical "story" paired with awful unchanging characters, repetitive and drawn out fights with cheaply animated abilities (art in general very simplistic) made watching this as very unpleasant proccess.. . Nobody dies, nobody does training, there no comprehensive system for abilities, there no sense of mystery or adventure. No proper world building either. No friendship or romance.. . Whole anime is a sequence of stretched out and repetitive battles with unimaginative abilities connected to each other with overabundance of "fan service" and boring ...
This OVA does not stay faithful to the "epilogue" part of the Light Novel known as "Yahari Ore no Seishun Love Comedy wa Machigatteiru Shin." Thus, feel studios should most definitely be criticized for believing that they can make a better ending for this incredible series. However, this isn't even the worst part. Feel studios not only did not stay faithful to the the final light novel, they produced a terrible OVA that ruined many of the characters and left out the scenes that every fan of Oregairu wanted to see from Shin.. . This OVA is a disgrace to Oregairu; instead of watching this OVA, ...
This hentai anime is based off an H-Game by the same name. Let's get this out of the way: the squeamish or faint of heart should avoid the franchise entirely.. . The anime tramples on the game's story and presents and incoherent and incomprehensible mess in its place. However, if you just want to get off to some brutal hentai action and couldn't care less about the story, then you're better off watching the anime than playing the game. If you care about story at all, however, you should not watch this anime... it will only leave you confused and frustrated.. . If you're actually curious ...
Nessun maggior dolore / Che ricordarsi del tempo felice / Nella miseria. "There is no greater sorrow ⁠than to recall happiness in the midst of misery" - Dante's Inferno. . Objectively, this is a bad show. If one goes into the show expecting much then one is going in with wrongful expectations. This is a niche show for a very specific audience and it is an ecchi. If expectations are going into it expecting a bad show with one or two funny moments perhaps one will get that and that's how I would watch it if taking such a journey. I went into this expecting a bad anime ...
Watt Poe feels like a Konami NES game with one-two paragraphs of a rough story outline on the back of the box was adapted into a 50-minute adventure anime with a crammed plot, mostly expository dialogue, and scenes resembling levels more than anything from a movie. Even the zestiest of animation segments—the most exemplary being churned out by Yoshinori Kanada—tend to look like those old cutscene-based scrolling games like Time Gal or Captain Power or whatever other crap, which is not a bad thing, as those relics had proficient and sometimes even impressive animation despite the pulpy throwaway appearance. The art is nothing special, and ...
I got motion sick watching one of the episodes, I think it was Ep 4, and it was like watching a slideshow it was really bad. I normally love MAPPA but I think they did not do a good job on this one, can't recommend watching it. The story went off the rails and I just got annoyed with the show by the end of it. The first 3 seasons were absolute peak fiction and this just left me feeling pretty let down I guess. I think it's too dissimilar in style and story for it to be enjoyable for someone ...
Onimai is a non-entity, vapid and hollow in every aspect of its production. In order to work, it relies on two points, its application of cliches and intertextuality, which are not addressed in significant enough detail nor with any semblance of original commentary that would justify their inclusion, and its use of colour and cinematography which only accentuate its emptiness, which itself reveals the problem therein, with only form to fall back on (and not even all aspects of form), they fail to create anything that they could expand upon or provide any aspect of interest.. . As for the use of colour, that is the only ...
Sorry not sorry, but this is 100% the authors self-insert jerk-off fantasy disguised as something watchable. It actually might be for some, but I lost a few braincells.. It screams cringy. But even if we look the other way about the obvious "my-real-life-is-shit-this-is-what-i-deserve-instead" kinda sob story... It's still bad.. Also the message it sends is just way off. Like... You don't have to work for anything, people only care about looks, girls are objects for you to collect, etc. I could list them for a while.. But okay, let's skip the moral questions and talk about the plot. Oh wait. It doesn't have one! Same old ...
If Harry was replaced with Saitama and Hogwarts was a highschool.. . The premise sounds like a fun parody of Harry Potter... but there is one problem here. One Punch itself is a parody, you can't parody a parody, you can only rip it off.. . This carries throughout the show. The characters are ripped off from other shows and just transplanted here. Dumbledore, McGonagall and Draco Malfoy from Harry Potter being the obvious ones. Mob Psycho 100's Shigeo Kageyama for our main character's design. Master Roshi from Dragon ball Z for the father, pretty sure I saw that red headed guy in the theme song somewhere, That one ...
i'm not a big fan of yuri but since this is only ecchi and i was told there is good deal of jealousy involved i thought lets try something new for once so i checked this shit out. if i say the plot is a Contrived mess mixed with asspulls i have not exaggerated. the dialogues are horrible and emptier than the writer's skull. . there are random scenes that don't contribute to the story at all for example the drama about the fucking grandpa didn't matter it was just a waste of time. . the characters are so god damn empty, what is mei like? silent girl, that's it, introducing ...
Apparently, I should thank my instincts because my instincts in facts of anime are pretty much almost always on the point. Why, you ask? because like it happened with the godawful, unnecessary movie they made out of Trigun ten years after the classic 90's series was ended, my instinct prevented me to watch this completely unnecessary sequel to a pretty good and influential series (except the sixth episode that is, totally unwatchable unless you're into formerly depressed Otakus who believe themselves "profound" and "intelligent" because they employ totally empty religious and non-religious words in a black-and-white, badly-drawn artsy-farty dreck) because I thought this was going ...
Competently done with no glaring problems. However, this is the embodiment of a generic isekai, probably the biggest example. You're going to be familiar with everything going on here if you've seen more than a couple Isekais and this show is going to do it all worse. All of the characters lack depth or any interesting aspects. It is HEAVILY derivative of other Isekai while seemingly adding nothing new itself (at least after five episodes).. . I've you're a huge fan of the genre and have seen basically every other Isekai, this is certainly worth watching. However if you ever thought to yourself "i'm tired of Isekai's ...
I watched this series twice. the first time, i remember watching it but kind of half assed and i dropped it because something felt off to me. 2 years later, and i decided to rewatch it. i liked the first few episodes, and then i remembered what felt off. the main character is very very clearly a full grown adult, and miao is 16? and this is romance? he doesn't even seem that bothered by the fact either. it feels really weird to me, i would rather watch another anime that doesn't include a weird relationship between a caretaker and a kid.
Don't watch this goofy ahh filler anime, it rushes like 200 chapter of the manga in 26 episode mixing all the major events togheter, it even changes how things really went.. If you've watched the og Inuyasha and you've liked it then just read the manga.. Some scenes are cutted and you don't even understand what is going on.. The pacing is ultra fast, obviously, and seems like something off all the time.. The quality of the anime is not even bad.. In the first episode basically everything changes because they did not add those scenes that explains what is going on.
In the darkest, most desolate corner of the entertainment world, lies a truly monstrous creation. A concoction so horrendous and repugnant that it defies comprehension. It is with great reluctance and a heavy heart that I must describe to you the most abysmal, the most contemptible, the most sickening piece of fiction that has ever had the audacity to rear its ugly head. This wretched story is not just a slap in the face of the medium, but an outright declaration of war on the very concept of art itself.. . This so-called "story" is an appalling and ghastly abomination that no human should ever be subjected ...
Let's talk about MagiDes. . Mahou Shoujo Magical Destroyers (MagiDes for short) is an original anime with a, frankly, goofy and un-interesting plot. The plot's evidently non-serious, and a bit underwhelming, but then you watch the acclaimed opening sequence of the anime and it bombards you with a lot of neat symbolism with a pinch of good ol' FLCL-vibe, and now you're thinking, hey, maybe there's more to the anime than it seems. To which, you'd be... absolutely wrong, because the opening's a scam. Its only purpose is to dupe you into watching the actual, meaningless, mess of an anime.. . MagiDes is quirky for the sake ...
This movie will make you angry pfff. (This whole text was written for friend, so it’s very emotional. I’m sharing it here cuz I found it funny.. P.S. I watched blue one first, then this one and I’ll leave recommendations about the orders of watching, below). . So honestly? Disgusting movie that only give anger. Ahah But maybe that's just me. The MC is miserable, pathetic and obsessed, so i didn’t empathize to him. The fact that you can compare the two from different universes is making it kinda easy, like gladly there’s better version of him somewhere. Actually, as a whole, both movies as one make it really ...
It’s too painful to watch. . I loved Season 1. By all means it is the generic isekai, but it is still enjoyable for me. In respect for Season 1, I decided to give this a try and i knew right away. This is shit. I’ve never written a review, but this crap deserves my first review.. . 1. It is predictable, but in a bad way. Dogshit.. 2. Art style is dogshit. 3. Character is dogshit and unrealistic. 4. I would be more than happy to listen out people who can finish this anime and gives a good rating.. 5. Would I recommend? By all means, go ahead and finish ...
Tonari Tenshi is the most miserable experience I've had watching a one-to-one romcom in a while.. . I don't know why, but recently shows have a propensity to cast bland no-personality doormats as the MC and have unbelievably hot girls be attracted to no one but him. Fujimiya is a dense motherfucker and bland as all hell, and his obliviousness/stubbornness is frustrating and annoying more than a charm point. That's strike one. Now his love interest (oh I'm sorry, the other person who happens to occupy the same amount of screentime as him, I don't wanna get the wrong idea), Mahiru, is a strange character ...
When this anime is introduced, I thought it’s gonna be like Assassination classroom, where a teacher teaches his students by having the students attack him. This is mostly true with one major difference: Spy Classroom showed the end-result and then showed the process leading up to it. This just didn’t work because the anime felt like a filler. Each girl was mostly boring except for Grete.. . The teacher character was actually pretty cool and had potential, but he wasn’t dived into much, only when he’s with Grete.. . Overall, each episode alone was pretty decent, but as a whole it didn’t build up to anything like what ...
I'm not the first to say something like this about this anime, so I don't need to go on. If your dream is not to have a girlfriend, but a mother, this is the right anime for you. Disregarding any probability that the most beautiful girl is interested in the most boring of guys, she still cooks, cleans and washes for him, treats him like a child with no interest in growing up, like a son who needs to be spoiled, as the title says. It's as if the story were written by a teenager with no social tact, in which his ideal world would ...
Rating: 6. This anime is beautiful but it lacks in its stoy aspect. If it was given more time - say 1-2 more movies it would be great. It seems rushed but it is forgiven for its amazing art and music. Even when they reveal the reason for the plot, it makes little to no sense.. . It is an anime film that you can watch half way and drop off only to continue a week later to finish it off without really caring. It is a bit of a shame that the anime art work is really good and the music itself is amazing too.. If ...
Budget Tonikaku Kawaii - with FMC design changed to older "Onee-san" type.. . Plot. MC is a landlord taking care of his brother and sister, while working as a mangaka. Needs assistant and finds our FMC. FMC has a super natural secret, which i don't think should be considered a spoiler, but i will avoid mentioning here to be on the safe side. The romance stuff happens really fast. the rest is simply SoL type show with some romance sprinkled in.. . I really though i would like this show. I am a sucker for relaxing anime where i can turn my brain off. But it just doesn't have ...
I have watched the first 4 episodes which I think is enough to decide whether this series has to be dropped or not. I'll come straight to the point, this is the most cringiest show this season, like come on this shit is the author's fantasy turned into an anime. For example, there is the I suddenly turned handsome and everyone's attention is glued on to me, like come on the author must really be seeking for some attention to come up with this shit, another fantasy is where a group of bullies invade a very prestigious school to do some shit to my crush ...
Piss Colours. . Opus.COLORs is an excruciatingly tedious anime. In the future, augmented reality artwork known as "Perception Art" is now the coolest thing ever and hot anime boys go to augmented reality art school where the artists learn to become artists, the graders learn to become useless assholes and the student council gets away with underage drinking on academy grounds.. . The red-haired protagonist is trying to prove himself as an artist to his former friend who is too cool to be around him now because of some tragic backstory shenanigans. However red-haired protagonist is going to keep on trying to prove himself and eventually, they're going connect ...
The third season OVA isn't faithful to the "Oregairu Shin" source material. While the main seasons stay true to the original light novel series, the OVA takes a different approach. It selectively incorporates and omits elements from the "Oregairu Shin" light novel, and also adds new scenes that weren't present in the original. You might notice that the OVA is a complete mess if you've read the "Oregairu Shin" light novels. It focuses heavily on Yui's character, while some of the elements that were originally intended for Yukino are either omitted or reduced. It gave everything to Yui that should have been Yukino's. In other ...
Bofuri season 1 was all about Maple being OP. There was enough power scaling to keep the viewers interested with its ridiculousness, while the plot slowly setup the huge cast of characters in the main three guilds.. . Bofuri season 2 is more about all these characters interacting with each other. As with many stories / anime with a "hook", once the introduction of the world is done, things usually get into generic mode to just stretch the plot as much as possible. The same applies to Bofuri.. . Season 2 does have some endearing moments. But the vast majority of the show is character interactions, and the ...
Some reviews are opinions. Some reviews are warning signs. This is a warning sign telling you to not waste your time.. . Plot: MC accidentally hurts the manager of a roleplay cafe, and has to help her out until the injury is healed. The rest of the plot is just forced drama based on misunderstandings between characters.. . There are a lot of complaints, but the problem is actually something much more fundamental. This anime doesn't have atleast one positive thing to capture the audience. The setting is boring. The characters are boring. The plot is boring. No comedy. No romance. No yuri at all. No fan service ...
Yes the art is pretty and the production isn't bad but that's all it has going for it. the story is weak and the character development is just all over the place and forced into tropes and stereotypes that do not render a smooth plot and add no value to the story except maybe to drive the narrative into a scenario or doctored still frame to further showcase the art and production (aka the only thing that's it got going for it). This is same way a crappy ecchi, hentai, or porno would be written excerpt for the fact this series isn't any of those ...
The first episode is REALLY bad and does not set the comedic tone of the show AT ALL, very few jokes, bad pacing, and characters you will never really meet. Never expect to understand anything as to who the characters are or why we should care, as they really gloss over that. MANY people are saying this gives them Trigger/Gainax vibes. If you are a fan of those studios works DO NOT expect to like this show. I was very upset watching the first episode because they seemingly ripped many aspects of my favorite show Kill La Kill. The show precariously toes the line between ...
When I first set out to watch GT, I knew it had a bad reputation. It was worse than I expected. I couldn't take anymore after six episodes. The plot actually has some promise, it's a standard "we have to collect the mcguffins" plot, but that served to take the show off Earth and show off some new planets. It's a shame that none of the ones I saw were very interesting. The new characters are annoying. Pen is a whiny brat and they meet a robot along the way who cannot go two minutes without repeating his name. The returning characters do not get ...
If you want to enjoy ‘Tri-body problem(三体)’, please got to read the novel or watch ‘Mine Tribody(我的三体)’. This animation by the ‘Yihua Kaitian’ studio is completely shit.. . The animation is a disaster. The characters have unnatural zombie-ish movements. The light and shadow shown in it is unrealistic and is breaching the physics laws. A lot of background textures are cheaply shared by multiple places. Some minor scenes are obviously cut corners in the point of carefulness. For example, in the scene of the Go game, the black player’s third move is clearly irrational. The studio does not pay attention to making this animation.. . Also, the ...
Trigun Stampede is a showcase of the modern dynamic that slow, episodic, well built plot, and character development driven story lines are a dying breed.. . Studio Orange focused too much on character designs to give any justice to the characters and world building the original manga and anime gave to us all those years ago and instead gave us 12 episodes of poorly paced, incoherent, nonsense.. . I would not recommend Stampede to anyone that has seen the original, and if you have watched this and felt like there was almost something there, I indulge you to look into the original for it's better character dynamics, development, and ...
Content warning: "Comedy" pedophile dog whistling all through the show. Here we have an uncle, Madoka, who right off the bat clothes Chihiro in a frilly feminine maid's uniform that obviously makes Chihiro very uncomfortable. That accomplished Madoka wastes no time making a habit out of sneaking into Chihiro's bed at night after Chihiro has fallen asleep. The show frames this behavior as funny rather than scary and creepy. Chihiro's angry protests are also framed as funny. Soon after, in another "funny" scene, Chihiro is given pepper spray to protect himself from Madoka's appalling boundary violations/sexual harassment. Because childhood sexual assault is funny! Right?. . That most ...
Shows with OP MC can still be entertaining when done right, but sadly, this was just hot garbo in my opinion.. . The story begins with an overweight MC who gets bullied by everyone around him. Now, what would you rather see next?. . 1. MC sucking it up and doing his best to change his life in every way he could, overcoming his hardships in life, going through character development, and collecting possible waifus in the process?. . 2. MC doing absolutely nothing but he gets lucky and gains everything with 0 effort. Then everyone around likes him because he's Kirito now. He will also stutter nonstop whenever he talks ...
Love circle!. One of the few animes I've dropped and couldn't finish. When you read the story synopsis of the anime, you never think of an alien love story. Long story short, that was the anime, a love circle between an alien-ish human being and some teenagers on summer vacation.. This anime gathered a story of nothing, an idea from here, an idea from there, and got an average-bad mix of all.. Bad comedy? Check ✅. Loli Ecchi Harem? Check ✅. Bad romantic story? Check ✅. Bad characters? Check ✅. I don't want to just list the bad things in it because I'll be doing that for a long, the first ...
Pros. - Good production values. - A premise that is basically The Last of Us meets The Promised Neverland. - Interesting setting. - Fun characters. - There is some mystery in the background. - Can be brutal at times. - The blend of genres is intriguing enough to make you keep watching. . Cons. ...
Despite first episode showing all signs of this being an absolutely trash tier anime, it becomes surprisingly enjoyable as the show goes on.. . Overall rating: 5/10 A decent watch if you are looking for this specific genre, but otherwise a hard pass. I somewhat enjoyed it, but cant help feeling a bit dirty afterwards. Its about the same feeling you get if you spend the entire day on the couch, eating cup-noodles and ice-cream, and then finish it off with takeout junkfood.. . Animation 5/10 Nothing special. It looks nice and i like the pastel colors, but that's about it.. . Music 2/10 Obnoxious and a bit too much on ...
Bungou Stray Dogs desperately attempts to be a quirky anime that tries to tell a "dark" and "gritty" story about organized crime, detectives and their interplay with a little bit of magic sprinkled in. However, the writing, whether it be the main characters, or any of the antagonists, or even the beats of the entire plot are at best generic (not inherently a bad thing) and at worst (which is the majority of the time) pedantically annoying and annoyingly melodramatic. It so badly wants you to empathize with the main character that every 2-3 episodes it flashes back to our protagonist Atsushis backstory, to the ...
Tokyo? Tokyo. The most populous city in the world. 39+ million people. One of the most livable cities in the world. Also one of the best tourist destinations in the world.. . Who am I kidding? This 'anime' doesn't even resemble Tokyo one bit... Unless taking 1 minute to spell out Tokyo in Hiragana counts.. . First of all, let's get down to the story; oh wait, what story? How about the art? Just get some low-effort cell diagrams and even you can make a film like this! Characters? There are technically characters... Hiragana text! Sound? Rain drops. Worldbuilding? Who needs worldbuilding when there's just Hiragana text and cell-like ...
A weirdo pedophile's fantasy in a dull Isekai format with bizarrely well-done animation.. . Oh boy, what a bad idea this was! The levels of nasty in this show are absolutely off the charts, to the point of being about on-par with some of the most freakazoid Doujins i've seen in my time. The sole thing this show has going for it is the quality of the voice acting and some of the low-brow jokes inserted by either the localization team or the VAs themselves. Otherwise, avoid this like the plague, unless you want to feel like a better person by virtue of being someone who didn't ...
I always like to compare Tokyo Revengers as the shounen and simpler version of Steins:Gate. Both anime shared the theme of inevitability of future. The first season of TR was quite solid, and I enjoyed it a lot.. . However, it’s sad to see this new Christmas arc got executed so badly. For only 13 episodes, the anime was dragged out and did not give me the satisfaction that I wanted. The start was slow, but it promised potentials with a menacing villain. However, when it mattered the most, the anime abandoned all logic, and even seemed to make audiences look like a bunch of idiots. The ...
What ruins this show is the most insufferable main character i have ever seen in an anime show. The story seems interesting the premise is there but honestly, what did go through the writers head while making this character? It's way too unrealistic that anybody would like to be around Kazuya Kinoshita and give him any time of the day! He is a whiny bitch who always acts like a victim and he is way too perverted ALL THE F**KING time! The writer has literally created the most repulsive character in existence! If there is anybody out there who actually relates to Kazuya Kinoshita or ...
Run Protag-kun Run!. . Based on a popular Japanese game show where contestants run away from things for money, Run For Money: The Great Mission had a fun premise going for it. Instead, what we got was another low-quality dystopian future anime about some guy living on the moon trying to save his sick little brother by entering Run For Money and winning the prize money so he can afford to pay for the medicine.. . It is not devoid of fun, however. I enjoyed the voice acting, the Agent Smith androids chasing the contestants were fun, and there were some tense moments which I enjoyed, but, I mean, ...
If you're expecting a hilarious comedy like one punch man look elsewhere. Not one of the jokes lands in this. The main character is very dull and uninteresting. He is just strong and will use that to finish any task. It heavily relies character's reactions to tell you how weird and unexpected mashles actions are, just in case you didn't notice it yourself. Every other character is very flat and unremarkable. Any hope for a possible interesting plot to keep your interest is lost very quickly. The world feels like a generic magic land for the uninspired attempts at comedy to take place at. It's ...
This is shit. The story is very bland. Couldn't connect to the anime. The comedy scene were awful. If you are an anime artist then you would maybeeee like it. But I felt it was pretty boring. I couldn't wait for the episodes to end. Watching next episode was a chore.. This anime is just three school girls trying to make an anime. This couldn't get more boring than that. The characters are not so engaging at all. The only good thing about this anime is its animation and art style.. The story was boring I couldn't connect to its characters. The ...
If you're a yaoi veteran.. prepare to be disappointed. . I, like many fujoshis/fudanshis, am pretty ecstatic about the recent boost in the making of yaoi animes (it's about time, amirite) so if you've been a yaoi fan for a long time, read a lot of manga, saw all the classic yaoi animes .. just know this is nothing like them.. . I can see that it is a clear attempt to beeee like them, but not really. the story can be pulled from anyone's ass and the sex scenes are, well, I can only describe them as being animated by virgins.. . . anyway the only case I'd recommend this anime ...
Of all the things they could have adopted, they adopted this?. Logged into MAL after years just because of this stupid novel and show, I'm appalled by the MC's existence, he is too fake. You can replace him with plank-kun and nothing will change.. Story - There is no story, just goes from point A to B. Anything the MC doesn't lead anywhere, the story has a mash-up of plot points that seem interesting but nothing happens after that, there is no follow-up.. . Does MC join a club? Oh, cool the MC joins a club and beats everyone in the first match, will there be any interesting ...
In short, this ‘Lycoris Recoil’ does not tell a reasonable and continuous story. It is not recommended to watch this anime to appreciate its story. Also, for those who have a strong desire for Girls' Loves, it is strongly not recommended to watch the last 3 episodes of this anime.. . The series composer and director don’t have enough skills to deal with esoteric philosophy arguments. The characters show a kind of naive and vain justice.Their beliefs and activities are not logically self-consistent. This inconsistence began to appear concentratedly in the 11th, 12th and the 13th episodes making the watching experience fall straight into the hell. ...
“My Isekai Life: I Gained a Second Character Class and Became the Strongest Sage in the World” is what happens when You create an OP AF protagonist with absolutely no idea how to utilize him to tell a compelling story.. . We follow the exploits of one Yuuji - an isekaied salaryman that gets overpowered almost immediately after awakening in the new world. He travels this new world trying to keep a low profile and helping people along the way. Kinda like a travelling hero. That's pretty much it. Giving away more would fall into spoiler territory. Every place he visits is blighted by its own ...
It's the yearly cool anime which is shallower than a puddle of piss on a Monday night.. . Pros:. - cool animation and visuals. - cool world concept. . Cons:. - two dimensional characters incapable of any growth [the MC was raised as a killer but got a wife who doesn't want him to kill also dad is evil, this is the whole story]. - dumb combat without any rules: [MC is immortal... except when he is not - the rule is completely arbitrary]. - dialoges are immensely dumb: [the characters don't speak like humans would and a lot of worldbuilding is told through character dialogue in a pushy way]. ...
Another recap entry for this franchize, it aired one month before Seikai no Senki III which tells me that it was simply made to remind the fans and hype them for the new anime.. It covers the entire SnS II, as in the events on planet Lobnas II, in 92 minutes. It's the same issue like with the first recap, fast pace, no flow in scenes, weird cuts, it was like I was watching a bullet list of important scenes in anime form.. . There are some new scenes at the end of the special but nothing major, not even worth mentioning.. . Unfortunately I can't recommend this to people ...
Absolutelly disgusting, i am sorry for the people that worked hard to make this piece of burning dumpster. I felt the need to go and give a hug and apologise to my dog after watching this carnation of a show. I hope that no one else has to go through the pain and suffering of watching a single episode of this. I shall now become a vegan and ask for forgivness from God for all the sins i have commited.. The story is bad and every character is aS blank as the sheet of paper that i used to gudge my eyes out.. The plot follows the ...
Oshi no Ko is what happens when a self-indulgent writer and a mediocre artist team up: An exposition-heavy mess with flat character designs and overall pretty unimaginative visual storytelling. Combine that with a superficial studio and you get an anime that looks good on the surface but has no soul. Kinda ironic given the subject matter of the story.. . The story follows the apologetic simp trend that is so popular these days. You get a dozen cute girls that all look the same but with different clothes and wigs, you got your edgy protagonist, you get the pretentious "self-awareness" that the show tries to show off ...
What I liked about this show? The art style and... nothing else.. . Everything else in this show is crap!. The animation is... average most of the time, and when it's not it's just bad.. . The story has some potential: a boy without any magical ability decides to fight against his fate and longs to become the strongest in a world driven by magic. I really like the idea and this can be quite interesting if well-written, but unfortunately it quickly gets boring. As I'm writing this review, I am 50 episodes in and I still don't know how in hell I'm going to have the strength to watch ...
Makoto Shinkai has a formula and he stuck to it. Star-crossed lovers encountering a supernatural phenomenon — but gone wrong. Although his works are amazing visual and music wise, and perhaps even the idea of his movies are good, they don’t outweigh the cons. You can tell Shinkai tried to make the movie a heart-felt tear jerker by jamming so many threads. The loss of a mother, the romance sub-plot, the mythical creatures and lore behind the door. None of it was elaborated, leaving the story incoherent and muddling the meaning of anything he tried to convey. The more the film advanced, the more questions ...
This is one of the worst titles I have ever seen.. Bad plot, bad art, fans who are extremely painful and toxic to negative opinion about this piece of clay... One fan explained to me with a serious face that slime is much better than re:zero and ngnl >because it's shit. Although it later turned out that he did not watch either one or the second.. Average OP main character, stupid dialogues. I don't know what else to say. This title literally does not represent anything outstanding. And what cannot be called outstanding in it cannot be called good in terms of execution. This is a story ...
This looks amazing in the op, the concept is interesting, the delivery is horrible. I watched all the episodes available and thought maybe this author had something nice planned out as I would have imagined. The reality is that it feels like the anime is interrupting the opening. This is just aimed towards low-culture audience trying to appeal to otakus, this just does not have the spark or anything that will make you feel entertained/satisfied. I was hoping for something good but was left out with a bitter taste.. . The opening made me feel like it would be something like Wonder Egg Priority mixed with ...
The anime started off pretty great, but as the show went on, there was absolutely nothing happening.. This is an "semi-Isekai" (Reborn, but in the same world), and the king is reborn as a waifu. I thought there were be more comedic moments with this, but nothing came out of it. On top of this, the main character is a battle junkie with 0 character growth by the end.. I kept watching hoping for something interesting, but as the show dragged on, every episode became more painful and boring to watch. I'm a pretty positive Isekai reviewer who's at least enjoyed the bad Isekais as ...
Do you like beautiful animation?. Do you like mediocre characters?. Do you like your plots to make absolutely no sense?. . Well, I have the movie for you!. . If you know me even a little bit, you’ll know that I hate Tenki no Ko with a passion (my only 1/10 so far - made even worse by the fact that Shinkai’s other movie, Kimi no Na wa, is one of my few 10/10s). Yeah, well Bubble is essentially Tenki no Ko but with more parkour. It’s the same formula - beautiful visuals desperately attempting to cover up the absolute dumpster fire of a plot which is being showcased.. . It’s one of ...
One of the dumbest anime ever made.. "God is horny as f***, so he decided to kidnap a teenage girl. When he can't, his pathetic ass decides to plunge the world into literal apocalypse." There I pretty much summarized this whole anime into two sentences.. . Most anime suffer from "too much exposition" but this is a very rare case of an anime suffering from "too little exposition". What do I mean by that? Well if you majored in science, actually scratch that even if you remembered basic laws of physics you most probably will have a stroke watching this anime, because it just screamed "f*** you" ...
When I got to the 3rd episode, I still believed there was hope in this show. However, the 4th one proved me wrong.. . Today's isekai series are just an arrow into the darkness. Unfortunately, it seems that writers throw random words into a bowl and somehow manage to stick those ideas together.. . Although I've seen worse, this anime just does not work out. I'll be brief with this review, so I'll simply point out the great and the awful stuff, so you can decide on your own if this is worth your time.. . The positive:. . The technical department is top-grade. The animation is on point, and ...
The essence of this anime is: "When bad writing gets an overblown budget.". The animation is B+ Tier. It looks very good in most scenes but has some flaws, especially in action scenes.. . Now to the bad part. There is no world building, no character development or any really intresting story. It looks like someone took "The fruit of evolution" and mashed it up with some generic highschool anime, while the anime is taking itself *way too serious*.. . It would be all fine and i would give it a 5-7/10 if it had any intresting mechanic, character or premise. But all there is, is that the ...
Word of worrying, This is the type of anime that you end up watching because you skim a description and see the words “seven deadly sins”,”angels”, and “Lucifer”. I was looking for a anime equivalent of Supernatural or Lucifer and some how this mess of a show pop up.. . First off the series starts off by giving the illusion that it has a primus which quickly dies within literally the first minute. This is simply a shameless fan service series that I would have just preferred was called shameless fan service the anime instead of Seven Heavenly Virtues because at least then I would have ...
Anime Genre Roulette 🎰 Review 7 🎰 Slice Of Life. . Meh, it's cute at times, but that's about it. This anime falls in the category of most difficult to review, 'cause it's simply, just, plain average. . There is a very fine line between subtlety and total lack of impact. And the attempt of this series to be cute and fun in a subtle way fall in the latter. . The animation/artstyle is average. The script is average. ...
Story: Garbage tier/ 10. Probably one of the worst isekai ever. I have lost not only my love for isekai, but also all my leftover braincells. This anime is just a sad attempt to replicate the isekai genre, but take away its worldbuilding and plot, now its a headless chicken, with no direction. One episode he's fighting monsters, the other he's doing a fashion show. And the plot is hands down one of the laziest one ever. TLDR: Mc ugly, fight monster and level up, now he's buff and handsome overnight, overflowing with that rizz energy that, so much to the point where him breathing just ...
I don't know why did WIT studio even work on this, after so many great titles they had produced ranging from Shingeki no kyojin to Vivy to this mediocre product.. It's strange.. . The plot summary is basically Miracle wants to become a successful Virgin tuber like Kizuna Ai.. . the overall experience is terrible and would not recommend it to anyone, If you're accustomed to "Vtuber culture", it still doesn't have anything exciting to offer at all, you only get weird, unimaginative and an empty shell of a story. The character designs are cheap and bellow average whilst the overall animation is hella stiff and boring, a ...
This is the first anime that I watch(childhood memories) in my own opinion it's good as long as you follow the flow of the story what I meant is that you shouldn't always judge and don't always let your own ideal overstep this anime like you wanted the mc to be more cruel,smart,and etc, nope don't do that since we're not the author but an anime lovers/Novel readers we shouldn't judge the anime carelessly what we need is common sense and use that to understand the anime,so yeah all these things that I mentioned is basically the childish me ^⁠_⁠^ but thanks to this ...
The anime is quite an interesting one I have seen in a long time.. . Plot: The whole plot line I must say is just there, no weight, no impact, no risk and no nothing. The plot technically a scarecrow. No motivation. It’s just not even enough for anyone to care if anyone in the story die.. . Animation: Fan-service is there (of course), but not too overwhelming - maybe because I skip that part. The were using 3D animation with 2D, the result was not good. 3D models are extremely clunky and roughly designed. The worst thing is the 3D is not blend in well with the ...
Não gostei de Bikini Warriors porque achei que ia ser um anime muito bom mas aí levei uma facada nas costas e também a animação, o ecchi forçado, e os personagens tudo nesse anime é uma merda e além de tudo e a maga que era para ser uma das personagens mais legais desse anime ela provou ser um baita pau no cu e só tem quatro minutos no episódio e isso é uma coisa que fode muito que merda de anime anime vai demorar no meio de essa merda é orifício anal.. pior anime de todos no recomendo nem pro meu maior inimigo.
A Fat Nerd Wish Fulfillment Paradise.. . If you thought the levels of abuse suffered by Harry Potter at the hands of the Derslys was beyond cartoonishly evil then wait till you see the abuse the protagonist of I Got a Cheat Skill in Another World and Became Unrivaled in The Real World, Too suffers through by the hands of his family and everyone around him for being fat and ugly.. . With a story penned by the same author who wrote The Fruit of Evolution, I think it's safe to assume that he either hates fat people or is a fat person with a lot ...
I like the setting where you can access another world via your house. Not fresh but can trigger a lot of adventures and events. Sadly, that's the only good thing this anime has.. . Character build up? Everyone is NPC other than MC. Happens with Isekais story all the time.. . Story? Worst I have seen so far. That 7+ score in MAL does not reflect the anime quality at all. It's like watching my chuunibyou imagination back when I was in middle school comes alive. And I imagined a better story than this.. . Please, I had better stop here before I ridicule this anime further.. . You have some free ...
The trailer for this series REALLY got me hyped, but after 4 episodes, I have not been able to find a reason to want to keep watching. There's nothing unique about Hell's Paradise, it's pretty much your run-of-the-mill survival story, but with prisoners fighting monsters, and some of the monster designs look SICK. At first, this sounds like a genuinely interesting plot structure, until you realize the success of a survival story depends on the audience wanting to see the characters make it through (or making someone so detestable the audience WANTS to see them die). After 4 episodes, we hardly know anything about any ...
got recommended as "fire" anime, this anime should be thrown into fire. . "this review need more information". -should watch paint dried instead. -the art is okay. -the characters not round, its square. -''how the character react''. in the anime we should sexual harrass other people. -"do other will enjoy or dislike". watching cat eating more entertaining.. . bruh review anime in this website is harder that my bank security, my investment account and my national trading account. ...
actually the story is good but i don't know why i hate kirino and ayase seeing her pisses me off sometimes, they are only selfish and don't know themselves, even though Kyou has helped them many times, but they are still considered trash, but the MCs in the anime look stupid and cowardly and only follow their wishes. it pisses me off a lot. . and in my opinion the story is a bit boring just watching his older brother follow the wishes of his younger brother who doesn't know himself, the art style is suitable,. . the storyline is a little unrealistic in the real world only a ...
Straight garbage and cliche story and character building. Fatbhoic anime, obese is terrible but there is a limit to it.. . Forgiving his family scene (epi 4) was so cliche that I almost puked. Story building is like taking bits from other random isekai animes.. . most unrealistic anime ever, the villain in Epi 4 was choking his brother, very policemen were just watching and after some time mc comes and saves them with dumb mc stares.. . Anyone who watched or read any manga one isekai will know like how dumb this one is. The story is pretty much taken from other isekais bits. NOT RECOMMENDED AT ALL.
This anime is perhaps the most desperate one I've ever seen at making a MC into the super-nerd's idea of what a "Gigachad" is. Take the super-nerd who is obese, identifies as some video game character, hides in the shadows avoiding all social contact, has some weird chronic disease, and is too afraid to ever take action for anything they want to stand for, tell them to make a story of what they think being a "Gigachad" is, and this anime is born. The cringe starts off slow, but fluctuates from "tolerable isekai-shenanigans" to full-blown cringe inferno where all you can think is how utterly ...
I dont know how many times i tried to rewatch it to understand what the hype was ever about, but every time i do the more i dislike it. There is 0 personality in any of the characters it is insane. Then that blond kid came around and thats when i decided that im done with this anime. The world itself though is nice, i like the idea of demon slayers because its been done already a thousand times and its usually a green light for it to be good, but no. Not this one. The characters are as flat as a tsunderes chest.
This anime is just truly abysmal. You can sum up every single character's entire personality in a single sentence. Not just a single sentence, but a 10 word sentence. Two side characters are developed enough to receive 15 word descriptions. The plot of each episode can be described fully in three sentences to the point that you would learn literally nothing new about the series beyond said summaries. This show is literally like what if we took a 10-minute backstory and stretched it out to be an entire series, and the writers are not paid enough to add depth beyond what you would've seen in ...
If you are thinking of watching this don't. It's pretty good half the time but it gets very repetitive and boring and just isn't good. It's so overrated and kind of a waste of time. You see the same powers over and over (there are a lot of animes that do this well) and people say it's the powers are so cool. It also has no character development Deku is always a whiny little teenager who wants to be a hero. Just please don't watch it for your own good although the first season is alright. Watch Jujutsu Kaisen it's very similar just shorter and ...
King's Game is a prime example of how not to make an anime. This show attempts to tell a story without any sense or direction, and fails miserably. The characters are poorly developed, the plot is uninteresting, and the ending is unsatisfying. The show's attempt to create tension and drama falls flat, and viewers are left wondering why they even bothered to watch it in the first place. The pacing is off, and the attempts at shock value feel cheap and unearned. Overall, King's Game is a poorly made anime that is not worth the time or effort to watch
Ore dake Haireru Kakushi Dungeon is a harem anime that follows the reheated formula of other harem shows. It offers nothing new in terms of story or characters, and instead relies on tired tropes and stereotypes to carry the show.. . The show also suffers from being stupidly degenerate, with excessive fan service and sexualization of its female characters. While some viewers may enjoy this aspect of the show, it detracts from the already weak plot and makes the characters feel one-dimensional.. . Furthermore, the main character is extremely dumb when it comes to using his powers, which is frustrating to watch. He repeatedly makes foolish decisions that somehow ...
The jump festa 2013 special of Assassination Classroom was made before the official series. The jump festa special is about the Kyoto field trip which also appears in the first season of the main anime with almost the exact same events. Overall this special is inferior to the main anime in almost every way and it's not worth watching at all if you have watched or plan on watching Assassination Classroom.. . The story in the special is okay since it's just part of the story of assassination classroom. There are a few extra scenes that aren't in the main anime but it's not worth watching ...
No plot, author tried to insert too many cringe stuff into the anime just to make the fat MC cool. Every episode some random BS stuff happens and MC fixes it and another one falls for him. Dude went from a fatty to a well build dude with no effort and uses his powers in real word in the most cringe worthy way. waste of time IMO.. . I see no plot even after 4 episodes and would advice someone that hasn't started this to not start and waste their time as well.. . And finally I guess the author must be a fat dude that wrote ...
Alice In Fever Dreamland.. . With a premise and plot with no rhyme or reason to it and jokes so quirky yet bland that they actively alienated the audience, watching Alice Gear Aegis Expansion is akin to having a seizure caused by multiple flashing lights.. . I could forgive the show's purposeful(?) direction of not giving a fuck about its strike witches vs alien invasion premise in favour of a slice-of-life moé comedy if the show was funny, but episodes two and beyond had left me in a state of confusion and boredom I haven't felt since the second season of The Rising of the Shield Hero. Couple ...
Suzume at its best is just its visuals. The story line is subpar with most things staying unresolved. The writing is shaky at best with no real reason given to the viewer for what is happening. There are multiple instances where something happens, and the viewer is just required to say, it is so because it is, since the movie does nothing to justify that happening. Breaking it down to parameters. 1. Artwork: 8/10 The artwork is good. It is easy on the eye and definitely looks good on the big screen.. 2. Music: 7/10 Music goes well with the overall theme of the movie.. 3. Voice actors: ...
Every single episode feels like an identity crisis as the anime can't decide what it wants to be. Is it isekai? Romance? Slice of life? Oh no wait, we started as an isekai, let's do that! Wait shit, what about sports? PICK A FUCKING GENRE AND STICK WITH IT! This anime is practically unwatchable, brain-dead garbage, as any semblance of world building, character development, or hell even a story is just thrown out the window, only to be replaced by the millionth comment of "wow, MC is so handsome!" WE GET IT, HE'S ATTRACTIVE NOW! You don't have to make the same comments MULTIPLE TIMES ...
This anime was super overhyped.. . Studio trigger did what studio trigger always does....some of the coolest animation you have ever seen with a story that is just....boring.. . . . Music:8/10. The music was pretty good. It was as intense as it needed to be and felt great with the cyberpunk vibe. . Animation 10/10. ...
Am well aware this is preliminary review but formula they are using is no secret or hard to figure out. It's basically a generic harem anime but with a twist, just a gentle twist. Other than that story is pretty much as you expect it, weak guy gets "strong" and he decides to use it for good of course while at the same time being mortally afraid of touching female body while having a harem. Why this fantasy exists in Japanese culture is beyond me but it lacks logic and is at this point boring and annoying because we can fully expect nothing to happen ...
The person who directed this version of shaman king needs to do better. I was so hyped for it, but this anime does not do the story any service.. . There is a lack of tension and pacing throughout this anime. I was giving the beginning the benefit-of-the-doubt, thinking that they were attempting more of a recap so that they could get to the later parts of the story and flex their skills in adapting the story, but no.. . This is just Shaman King with bad pacing, no anticipation & slideshow animation.. . The only compliment I have for this anime is that the quality of the colors are so ...
Shigatsu wa Kimi no Uso, also known as Your Lie in April, is a romantic drama anime that tells the story of Kosei Arima, a young prodigy pianist who loses his ability to hear the sound of his own piano after the death of his abusive mother. The series follows Kosei as he meets and develops a relationship with a talented violinist named Kaori Miyazono, who inspires him to return to the world of music.. . One of the strengths of Your Lie in April is its beautiful animation and soundtrack. The series features stunning visuals and fluid animation that beautifully capture the emotional highs and lows ...
Lookism meets Generic Isekai Stuff, and they both mix together in a very poorly done way way. . They got too interesting ideas, the first was the bullied protagonist gets blessed with a strong beautiful body and needs to deal with the consequences of his life changes. The second was bullied protagonist can travel between worlds through a magical door, changing his on the real world based on his experiences on the magical world. Both were done poorly. . The isekai part is the usual rushed generic isekai stuff, lacking proper pacing and without any sense of progression or struggle, the MC just conveniently insta kill the first thing ...
What a disappointment. After completing the first two seasons and movie long ago, I was always paying attention for a season 3. So, when this show popped up I had mixed emotions. Although I wanted Konosuba content, why not give us a season 3? The light novel has come to a close, why not tell that full story before going into a prequel? Instead we get a lackluster prequel story about a world that is meant to be a parody. I was planning to write this review after watching the second episode, but MAL doesn't allow that, forcing me to watch another boring episode.. . Arguably ...
This is an interesting story, but to be perfectly honest even the story is not quite what I would say is the greatest thing of all time. Like the pacing of One Piece butchers that anime the presentation does the same here. They hire a narrator to read episode long info dumps at you and call it lore. This is maybe the best example in all of existence that shows a good story and even well written characters are not everything. The directing for this show seems to be comprised of hiring people to read things at the audience for the sake of only ...
WHY IS THIS SERIES EVEN A THING???? IT COULD HAVE BEEN THE ULTIMATE ENDING FOR ASH BUT THEY JUST THREW IT OUT OF THE WINDOW!. WASTED POTENTIAL TO ITS FULLEST. . no old companion's reaction to ash becoming world champ, not every former pokemon of ash got its return ash basically just continued his journey like always and just told us what we already knew about his dream man this was so dumb!. . i dont understand why only misty and brock were in this series as protagonists. they could have gone from region to region and added ash's friends in each episode and end in a celebration in ...
Does anyone actually enjoy this show? I've seen bad anime before, but at least they had interesting plot points but the lack of a consistent timeline causes you to have no build up. Nothing feels important or meaningful. None of the characters have any likability or any personality outside of their relationship with the main character, who has no likable qualities of his own.. The power system was never set up properly, so the fights seemed utterly ridiculous with a bunch of unnecessary jibber jabber.. . At the end I felt no emotional connection to the story. There was no sense of stake at any given moment, so ...
This was genuinely difficult to sit through. Yet another anime that drives itself through wish-fulfillment territory, playing on the idea that meek and wimpy nerd men who get bullied all the time can end up being at the top of the social ladder. Even worse than just that concept though, is the show's central plot hook about how every "bad girl" that the meek nerd protagonist is attracted to will not only fall immediately in total love with him (via some kind of spell that is completely arbitrary and dropped from conversation as soon as the first episode is over) but will also come to ...
I watched this season somewhat against my will because its previous season did not captivate me at all to continue following the work. But here we are and I must say that, to my surprise, there was a leap in quality (also because it was practically impossible to get worse).. . Shuumatsu no Walküre, at first, has a theme that is difficult to go wrong, just comply with all the clichés that the genre proposes and minimally animate a fight, which this season has started to do. All fights are no longer those static and uninteresting frame shows. Now it has a more pleasant visual appeal for ...
Birdie Wing: Girl's Golf Story has a lot going on. At first, there are underground golf games where mob deals are settled. Kind of like Yu-Gi-Oh but with golf! Then, they are playing golf in a posh all-girls boarding school in Japan. The show probably would have been better off trying to pick a lane and stick with it, because there are just too many characters than do not get much time, and one of the main characters gets sidelined during the first half. There is also a lot of implied homoerotic stuff going on here. Season 1 does not have a definitive ending. The ...
The Aristocrats Totally Predictable, Blah Blah Blah Who Cares(?) Light Novel Adventure.. . I mean, do I really need to say anything in-depth about this cardboard cut-out of an anime? You’ve seen the promotional art, read the premise, and noticed that ridiculously long anime title. It’s just another low-effort light novel isekai anime adaption where the lucky loser dies, is reincarnated and gets to live out the power fantasy he’s always wanted in a medieval European video game world.. . If you want to waste your time watching the same low-quality male power fantasy you’ve seen a thousand times where the protagonist is born into nobility, courted by ...
tl;dr. This season felt insulting, especially to those that stuck through and enjoyed the stupidity of the first season despite the massive amount of hate. It falls flat of just about any expectations and makes a poorly executed plan seem like a better idea than whatever this season was. If there is another season, I doubt I'd be able to watch it because of the foul taste the second season left.. . This season was the largest disappointment I've experienced in the recent past. When seeing just the cover art of the first season I thought, "Hey this looks stupid, let's watch it!" And I wasn't disappointed. It ...
A decent isekai/fantasy anime series that is largely plot-driven with a few good character moments. I quite like the main character but I wanted to see more character development scenes, and more moments of insight with him. Often it feels as if I'm not experiencing the story with the main character and just observing it as an outsider, with little emotional attachment or investment. Not a lot stood out for me in this anime series except for episode 6. If you're not great with witnessing trauma, this might be an incredibly tough watch. There are moments of brutality here and there throughout this series but ...
The Eminence in Shadow anime presents a satisfactory fantasy world with a satisfactory premise, with little to no character depth, and middling payoff. A couple side characters actually go through somewhat meaningful character development but most characters are largely depicted as constants with no display of their source of motivation or personality. The anime doesn't even display the main character's growth as a character in terms of strength or character. The plot's overarching conflict is presented as a joke but then also serious, the fights are cool but largely have no tension or stakes in terms of story nor character, and the characters still remain ...
I loved the first season. I loved it so much, that I sat through about 9 episodes of this before I realized that it was boring and I was just sitting around, waiting for something to happen. I loved it so much, that I continued to watch another 5 episodes, being as patient as I could. I can't keep watching this. I've been patient. I've given it 14 episodes. But I feel like the entire plot of the past 14 episodes could be summed up in about 2 paragraphs. Nothing happens. They go deeply into the backstory of random side characters, while ignoring the main ...
Simply atrocious.. . What at first seems to be a cute well animated slice of life yuri about a dragon girl and an office worker turns into a pedophillic show with disgusting moments, such as Kanna, who looks and acts like a kindergarten age child, climbs on top of another child in a sexualized manner, or the “hilarious” moments where Luccoa fucking molests and r*pes Shota. And it is supposed to be funny/fanservice.. . Simply put, this is the worst piece of media I have ever seen, unwatchable and disgusting in every way.. . If you enjoy it, totally fine, as long as you recognize that these parts are simply terrible. ...
If you adore the 2006 series and put comedy higher than this endless, pointless, uninteresting, disappointing Utsuro arc, then stop watching after Saraba Shinsengumi. That was actually what I was going to do but I couldn't get over my curiosity. Now I feel terrible.. I mean it, you'll get more and more frustrated and will end up hating everyone related to Gintama (Pororihen is good though if you love comedy). However, you made the mistake of watching Tamashihen, and now want to see the ending. Stop there! By all means I do not recommend this film. Keep on wondering about the ending until you die, ...
WOW! JUST WOW! I've never been so disappointed.. . I don't write reviews but my disappointment has forced me to do this. Even if you want to watch your favorite characters from the TV series, I will recommend not to waste your precious time watching this movie. Even generic isekai are better than whatever this movie was. Starting from animation and ending in dialogues, All are mid tier at best.. . There wasn't any plot or anything, not that I remember. Just some meaningless frames moving, voice overs (dialogues) and things like that. I loved the TV series but boy this movie was a disappointment. Let's go over all ...
I have watched the MV "Idol" and I must say, the animation is incredibly generic and uninspired. The movements of the characters lack creativity and the overall visuals do not stand out at all. I have seen better animation from underground authors with no real budget.. . As for the music, I won't comment much on it as it sounds incredibly generic and lacks any real originality. The overall production is a complete goyslop, and I cannot say that I am impressed by it at all. It's unfortunate to see such a lack of creativity and originality in the anime industry these days.. . Regarding YAOISOBI, I must say ...
I'm confused. I even confused when I read that the person responsible for the Script is Gen Urobochi (don't get me wrong, I love fate/zero, psycho pass and madoka magica). . No plot, too fast, and the other character was just "there" for decoration, even tho they have a lot of talented VA like Kaji Yuki and Miyano Mamoru, etc I don't think they "care" about the side character, basically they absolutely have no role in the story. They can just not appear in the story and it can still be a "Bubble" movie.. . But, still the animation is 10/10 and the music too. It's too bad the ...
This OVA is the flaw that keeps Kill la Kill from being flawless.. . It entirely forgets the series' themes, tramples on the characters, and makes the resolution much less meaningful. Avoid this OVA like the plague.. . To be extremely clear, there are many competent series with weird OVAs that fail to do anything besides being *more*. They tend to fall into the realm of side stories, and they're easy to dismiss. Less difficult to dismiss are sequel OVAs. Those carry feelings of missing out and a lack of closure. Given the terrible production environment OVAs are created under, this is a recipe for disaster.. . After several rewatches of ...
OK, This is complete Dogshit. I predicted this show before even watching this. I failed to predict how much my prediction was right.. . Story:. . Why does Anime with same old crappy stories gets adapted when deserving shows eat dust?. The story is recycled , characters are typical. After watching few episodes , this shows seems like a cheap knock off of a certain Manhwa - S*l* Level** .. . Old Anime viewers know this story is nothing new in this genre. If you look at the plot there's literally nothing new to look forward to.. The author is not sure himself what ...
Another generic degenerate isekai show, and once again with a twist. The MC is a kind, depressed, fatso who loses 100kg and gains a foot in height overnight thanks to leveling up in an isekai world found in his dead Grandad's basement. While the MC is pretty wholesome, he is stupid - EVERY character is really stupid, stupidly stupid. The show has very little depth, and should only be watched by those who enjoy isekai trash - if you're not an isekai degenerate this is most likely a 5 or even worse.. . The only highlight is the impact of the isekai's abilities in the modern day, ...
This show feels like someone tried to disassemble FLCL, Dead Leaves, and Kill La Kill and build some sort of hulking irreverent Frankenstein's Monster with its parts. It's glued together with surprisingly good yet unrefined animation; the most fun you'll have with this show is looking at it right up until you're bombarded with the occasional nonsensical visual soup. The story is harder to follow than a cheetah in the desert and the characters are a real Sophie's choice. It has all of Hiroyuki Imaishi's signature immaturity, but any of his wit or social commentary has been sanded down flat.. . The OP is cool, I ...
I don't really know where to start... Since I'm a fan of yuri genre, I tend not to skip any yuri anime that seems captivating, emotional or at least cute. In this case I was hoping for "cute" but instead we get something that makes me re-evaluate relationships with my coworkers since they now seem quite nice compared to the working team in the focus of this anime.. . The story follows Hime Shirasaki who always wears a "cute mask" to appeal to people around her in hopes of getting a rich husband. This already seems ridiculous enough as a personality trait but I can see how ...
Just so you know, this is not the FLCL of this generation. It could be, but right now it is not.. . Nor is it Shimoneta for Otakus of this generation, could be, again, not right now.. . It is very average and under developed at this point, but a lot can change between now and the end of this season. Everything is as advertised in the synopsis, and the characters are exactly as you think they are. If anything, one can say it is a patchwork of parts from FLCL, Shimoneta, Panty and Stocking and Kill la Kill, with a dash of Madoka Magica sprinkled over ...
Far gone the days when Makoto Shinkai gave birth to a work that was not compliant with the norm. Not desperate trying to satisfy the taste of contemporary. Not dependent too much in the quality of animation spectacle, but rather giving full attention to the character-driven story, which will not force the matter of self-projections. Makoto Shinkai who is loyal to his distinctive theme of "distance": 5 cm Per Second, Gardens of Words, Voices of a Distance Star, and specifically Children Who Chase Lost Voices. The old Shinkai's movie that's basically the perfect version of Suzume. . While the animation is still pretty much a miraculous ...
So much potential. So much disappointment. Studio Trigger and Imaishi rank amongst my favourite studios/directors, and I had been waiting for a very long time to see what their next work would be after Promare, so this was a big disappointment.. . The plot just feels like every generic cyberpunk trope mashed together, but without the purpose they originally had - for example, social inequality is briefly mentioned as a source of conflict and unease in the first episode, but isn't explored much further, despite a fear of capitalism and coporations being central to the birth of cyberpunk genre. They also kept the not-so-great aspects of cyberpunk, ...
This anime was horrible. This anime revolves around this guy being a rapist. It’s too normalized in this show. The characters are unlikeable, the character design is just so weird. I hate our main character who doesn’t figure that the man is a psychopath. I don’t care about the sex scenes, their is zero romance, just a guy nearly getting raped by this stalker. I’m glad this anime did not run for too long because the rape and stalking is just romanticized and i find that to be gross. Do not watch if you are looking for real romance, good story, smooth and enjoyable animation ...
Bungaku Shoujo (“Book girl” / “literature girl”) is a disappointing nothing burger of content.. . While it doesn’t do anything explicitly wrong (no obvious plot holes or random points that make no sense), it also doesn’t do anything well enough to warrant any level of praise.. . It’s just so…. Bland.. . Starting off with a premise about a girl who literally eats words was a great idea, yet the movie fails to do anything noteworthy with that promising concept. Why does she eat the books? How did she start? Does she eat anything else, or is she a magical entity only requiring literature for sustenance?. . I’d love to know, but unfortunately, ...
Obviously, this ‘Gods’ Activities In A Non-religious World’ is a so-called ‘Cheap Anime’, at least for the first three episodes. There are a lot of jerry-building techniques used in the scenes, which include the 8-bit animation and 3d animation. The concept of the anime is interesting, but this genre with a lot of political or pan-statecraft-ish plots is a difficult genre to present. The plot starts to have logical discontinuities, whose significance is so great that can’t be just described as minor flaws, in episode 3.. Just for the first 3 episodes, it is definitely not recommended to watch this anime. But I wish the ...
Psst, hey kid. Yeah you. You fancy some old school anime and like dinosaurs? Oh boy, I got something for ya'. This movie comes from the late Shoutarou Ishinomori; author of Cyborg 009 and Gilgamesh that was released in July 1979. You probably haven't heard of it before. Why watch over 1.000 episodes of One Piece when you can watch this masterpiece and get your hopes and dreams towards the future get shattered in a million pieces! Let's go!. . Story: 4/10 Bad. . What story? Oh, you mean this story about a bunch of kids are taken to the end Cretaceous Period; (the Maastrichtian) to be exact by ...
Power fantasy isekai just upgraded to a new level of trash that was never seen before. Hopefully, people will soon start to realize this, break free of this curse and return to the fantasy origins where other things happen besides the whole planet metaphorically riding the main character's D.. This is the one sole purpose of this garbage and you, yes YOU should be ashamed if you're enjoying this anime. I would appreciate a good hentai over this because at least those are honest and straightforward. Basically, I'm saying that beating your meat is a better time investment than watching Iseleve.. . Do you care about a story ...
I'm writting this review to balance out the big amount of good reviews because I want to dust off some of that sugar coat fans have overflown on this anime.. . Just managed to watch 5 episodes, and I didn't found any of the depth in it to make me wanna watch more. Animation is pretty bland, games are kinda hard to follow and the big plays don't pack any punch. Characters are pretty meh, the coach is the one you'll see more, but don't really do much to stand out, I don't think any character has chance to get you hooked.. . Now, all I said isn't the ...
Itai no wa Iya nanode Bougyoryoku ni Kyokufuri Shitai to Omoimasu. 2 (2023). . Honestly, season 1 was a pretty great ride, it was interesting and had you wanting to see more and now maybe I regret that.. The show is the same but worse, it is now that basically anyone through events can become an elite player that destroys everything regardless and they are surely full of themselves. It isn't really an adventure show anymore just a load of players benefiting from bugs that make them super strong.. . The art is consistent with the first season, very cartoony in design.. . The sound is good but no ...
While S1 gave us more of a "cute girls chilling/exploring in a game world" experience, S2 tries to do the same but leans way too heavy into "another world" experience with all of the bad stuff included. And what do we have in result?. First, as usual for all of the isekai (the bad ones) - MC and her party are OP. In isekai it is bad, however this one is an MMO, so it is even worse as OP builds should be nerfed. But instead of balancing or nerfing our MC devs introduce more and more abilities and features that are easily abused by MC ...
That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime is an anime series that fails to leave a lasting impression on its viewers. While it has some interesting concepts, the execution falls short, and the show ultimately feels lackluster.. . One of the biggest issues with the series is its main character, Rimuru. As a slime, Rimuru lacks any discernible personality, making it difficult for viewers to connect with him. While he does gain new abilities and powers as the series progresses, there is no real sense of character development, leaving the viewer feeling detached and uninterested in his journey.. . Another problem with the show is its pacing. The ...
Should've been called "Reborn to Fight".. . This whole time I was watching to see how the MC grew her prowess with the sword and what does this battle junkie do instead? Spend the whole show kicking and punching things or learning to make mana and use mana when she already has a higher ranked skill: aether.. . Not to mention SHE used to be HE? This show wouldn't have been different if this girl was a reincarnated queen instead of a king. It served the story 0%.. . And why does everyone look so much older than they are? I know it's common in anime but c'mon the ...
This show's animation is stunning and beautiful. Quite a sight to behold. The animation is fluid and crisp, the stills are amazing, the drawings and key frames are very impressive, and the overall style is eye candy.. . Now on to the rest of the show. This is pretty unwatchable. The plot is pretty nonsensical and idiotic. The characters, especially pink hair girl, are pretty obnoxious and not much to write home about. The show is pure spectacle and that's about it.. . But by far the worst part of the show is that it's basically a shotacon. Ironic that people dog pile on Boku no Pico but this ...
I know what I'm getting into when I read the novel and manga version, but I have a high tolerance when it comes to Isekai genre. Yes, the cringe is high in this one, it's generic, it mediocre, predictable, but it is still an interesting read for me. What makes this really bad is the anime production, which is really common for most anime nowadays. It's so fast paced you can't appreciate the characters interaction, or the transition between scenes. If I were to describe it, it's like reading a story in monologue, without any pause, and without breathing. This kind of anime production is ...
Wish I could say more, but really, I can only sigh at this after watching the first 3 episodes. Every season, I opt into watching yet another isekai that's - turns out- the same shit as the rest.. . Usually they at least have a somewhat unique gimmick, and this one's the ability to go between both worlds. Ironically, that's sort of the same idea as last season's Tax Evasion Isekai. This could naturally lead to some pretty interesting developments, but unfortunately it doesn't.. . Regarding the story, to recap it very quickly, an overweight man disappointed with his rather unsightly appearance finds a gate to another world in ...
this is so bad no character development at all the girl is mid and the guy is not monkey d. Luffy so he is bad rip bozo. and dont even get me started on the side characters that are totally not all dead they are all dry and bring nothing to the story. i really hate the romance between the guy and girl the bruddas havent even seen eachother yet and are practically married. the guy is a knock off kirito (one of my fav characters in all of anime) all he does is try to act badass when we all know inside he is ...
I appreciate how Japan can deliver to mainstream some story with barely any sense. OK, I heard about Denshinbashira Elemi no Koi which portrays love between a telephone pole (!) and a 25-yea-old man, but knowing how many people is actually crying over a serious GIRL x 3-LEGGED CHAIR romance is a strange phenomena.. . Ok, I'd start telling that I remember a lot of hatred over the hype of Byousoku 5 Centimeter between people I consider less golden retriever about anime, when it came out. I believe that one is definitely among his best along Your Name, since those are within the few I've accepted watching ...
There are no words to express what I just seen, something so odd yet so good, with so much meaning. The video is incomprehensible to the normal person and in order to understand what is happening, you have to pay attention to the small details. The animation and colors are just wonderful and the story is amazing, I would advise Ufotable to take notes if they wish to achieve such a level of brilliance.. I would recommend that everyone watch this movie and share their thoughts, I am confident that everyone will agree with me that it is a masterpiece.
mirai nikki" is without a doubt the worst ANIME I have ever seen.. . First and worst of all is the MC. He cries like a bitch every time something happens and is saved by Juno. He is the worst shit, complaining to Yuno and blaming Yuno for everything.. . Plot is simple and mid, but mc is really frustrating because he is the opposite of chad, crying like a bitch until the end.. . I wrote about mc till the end, but I want to tell everyone that mc is an absolute SHIT, far worse than Kazuya from "Rent-A-Girlfriend". Anyway, I recommend you not to watch this ANIME.
tl;dr OP MC is OP and wants to fight everyone. a better version of Kuro no Shoukanshi but still did not live up to its potential.. . Let's begin this review of an isekai by first lining it up against the three pillars of trash-tier isekai.. . OP MC? Yes. Undoubtedly and unabashedly OP MC.. Tycoon focus? No. At no point does Inglis appear to be interested in becoming rich.. Harem? No? Inglis acquires a group of women as companions but they do not serve as romantic interests.. . Looking pretty good so far eh? Avoided two of those dastardly pillars already. Why did I give this a 4/10 then?. . There's been plenty ...
Manga was better, anime skipped too much with low quality production unfortunately.. . I could go deep into what the anime skipped but it's only 3 episodes in and I can feel all the emotions that were lost during the adaptation. This is definitely not how a good adaptation should be. The curse of Promised Neverland S2 and Tokyo Ghoul re continues as wonderful work are being adapted to low quality animation.. . This series will definitely bring you to tons of twist & turns and a lot of nail biting situation, I truly hoped that it could be better made as it definitely could've been a ...
tl;dr rating if you play arknights: 8 or 9 /10. rating if you don't play arknights: 5/10 at best. . Surely this show's ratings are inflated by the fans of the game. I mean let's be honest. I play the game and while yes, the game has great story and yes, the game has great voice lines, the anime was without a doubt very slow paced and at times boring. It is practically word-for-word from the source material though so points for staying true there.. . Like I mentioned above, if you don't play the game you will fall asleep watching this. The gravity of the scenes, the explanation ...
This was the worst anime i had the misfortune to watch in recent years. I rarely drop stuff once i start but i only managed to sit trough 7 episodes of this trainwreck. Half of it is just references to old anime and 4th wall breaking. It does this so often it becomes extremely cringe after 5 minutes. The other half is bad dialog, exposition and op isekai mc doing op mc stuff, given he manages to remember hes op. The first season was average, this was a dumpster fire that makes you wonder how this got funded while objectively better anime gets ...
The year was 2021 and I was in the early stages of getting back into anime. One of the things I really enjoyed doing at the start was watching AMVs, usually of Shinkai films like “Your Name” or “Weathering with You” with the theme song playing. During this time I came across this awesome song & music video by DAOKO and Kenshi Yonezu titled “Fireworks”. It was an instant favorite of mine and I’ve listened to it again and again over the years. I knew the AMV was about a movie, but it seemed that the general consensus online was that the film was disappointing ...
I don't recommend to watch this title. It's a total mess. There is a one big combat you could observe, during watching the anime, and it's not between humans, and gods, but between your ability to see the plot holes, and inability to create a solid story with your patience. . I have NEVER reviewed any anime (even tho I watched more that 150 titles), and I even don't use this platform. But I cloud not fight the desire to write this review in hope to save people's time, and nerves.. . The story itself could be interesting, but the humanity superpower to get unnatural abilities to save ...
As someone that dropped anime due to its constant cringefest I, once again find myself watching the worst of the worst, in a spam of 4 years.. . But once in a while you get drawn towards what you've sworn to destroy, and this would be the case.. Overall this is bad, really BAD if you're magically into popular shows that have high production value (Which you are since you're reading reviews) then you're in the wrong place bud don't watch it.. . . -UNRELATED-. . Why bother writing a review? They're all on the first season, they'll just copy paste it here.. . One does not expect that if the first season was terrible ...
World building:. non existing. All you see in 3 episodes is the backyard of his isekai house. . Character development:. From fat, ugly, shy dude to super handsome shy dude. . Isekai Storyline:. non existing. . Real world storyline:. ...
Ever walked into a store and thought wouldn't it be sweet if you had a card that could buy you anything yet never exhaust it's balance, and you wouldn't need to do anything for it. No consequences, no repercussions, nothing ever changes. In a way this Anime perfectly encapsulates that and more.. . The second season is exactly like the first one, if you were bored out of your mind and had nothing better to do, perhaps this would have appealed to you, and also because there is quirky little gimmick attached to it, that of a smartphone. Apart from that it has nothing worth mentioning. ...
I tried watching this anime 'cause I loved Mushishi, and a lot of people tend to compare them in terms of quality and content... But now, after I've forced myself through 5 seasons of this, I can boldly say that's the biggest stretch I've ever heard. Let me tell you why:. . [STORY 1/10]. There isn't one, and I mean it technically. A story is composed of an initial situation, a complication, a development and a final solution, but Natsume's Book of friends never goes past the first element. Throughout the series Natsume (protagonist) found himself fighting numerous youkai, encountering exorcists of different mindsets, getting the chance to ...
I had a psychotic break down in front of my computer when I was overwhelmed by rage as I realized how appalling this god forsaken show is at the end of episode twelve. I ask myself how I got through it, how I got through those 12 eps. The show has terrible humor broken up by segments of Nagatoro toying with this goofy ass mfer, and that was so dry and slow and awful to listen to that the best characters of the show were the side characters. screw this show but Gamon or whatever her name is is best girl. I pray Ijiranaide, achieves ...
Idk, I thought "Your Name" was OK. I also thought it was OK the second time I saw it. These are not timeless tropes. They're stale for me right now.. . And idk, I'm sure Shinkai doesn't compare himself to Miyazaki, but his commercial success invites the comparison, and... No. Shinkai's semi-annuals about het couples with a quirky scenario aren't that substantial. And they don't look as good. That fucking penis worm twirling up in the sky had nothing to do with anything and the CGI did nothing for me artistically.. . I liked the throwback songs during the road trip. Pity they Felt The Need to include modern ...
[Final thoughts first because dragging on like this movie did would be a waste of time]:. The movie's writing is soulless and the movie itself brought nothing new or actually interesting, let alone unique, to the table unlike the other 2 movies before it. Movie 1 with how much/far can tools enhance their users quirks beyond what they can do, even if they've already mastered their quirk. Movie 2 with multiple quirks or sharing quirks is like and also another explanation of how grass head's quirk work that we didn't get in main story. But this movie's sole important factor, besides marketing figures. is some piece ...
Action scenes where really basic. The best part of the animation was laughing at it. Very sloppy a lot of the time, average the rest. Characters had semi-interesting backstories, but the characters themselves weren't interesting. The point of view had potential to create an interesting dynamic, but it didn't ever end up happening. Pacing was awful, started fine, ended alright, but the episodes in between crawled by. Voice acting was average. Soundtrack was surprisingly good. I liked the ed and the general soundtrack was well done. Intro was average. Overall just not a good show, low effort. Drawing people walking is just so hard. 4.45/10
i don't even know what the fuck to say about this show it was absolutely terrible and i wasted 19 minutes of my precious day watching this piece of shit, animation is garbage, sound is shit, only reason i'm rating it a two is because it is a slight improvement from their other shit show, this sent one of my friends jumping off a 10 story building, i cried, i don't know what to do with my life anymore, my other friend slowly peeled all of their skin off with a potato peeler which all happened because of this god forsaken anime.. . but is that fucking ...
This is garbage. A big, fat, stinky pile of garbage, just like it's predecessor.. . This could essentially have been Schrodinger's Isekai. It was and was not an Isekai, which to be honest is a rather rare case. However, in terms of everything else it was as bog standard, run of mill, wish fulfillment isekai as it could have been. Coming from the same author as Fruit of Evolution, this is more or less an exact replica of that with slightly better Production values in parts, and a quirky little gimmick attached to it, which instead of making it good, somehow manages to turn it for the ...
To heart 2 is animated from it's visual novel which was a dating sim so due to that I can understand why the story was all over the place and episodes were poorly linked together.. . Furthermore, this creates many 2 episode arcs for the girls in which the viewer obviously gets to learn about them and the creators try VERY hard to squeeze in as much as they can about this character and get them to grow feelings for the MC which makes the story all over the place since the newly introduced girl will just be used as a side character for the rest ...
I hate to see this anime being compared to other classic romance anime as well as recommended to the ones who watched animes like maid sama or kimi ni todoke.. . To be brief, it’s terrible. The story is about a girl whose middle school crush disappeared and the reappeared with a completely different personality, from a sweet, shy boy to a “to cool to care” jerk. The guys a jerk. His genuinely horrible and treats her like crap. The worst? she seems to be a delusional masochist who actually likes being mistreated and played by him.. . i got here after watching maid sama and finding this in ...
I have watched something like 500 anime in the past 7 years. I can enjoy nearly anything even if it's absolute trash, ESPECIALLY if it's absolute trash. Isekai in particular tickle my fancy, no matter how bland the storytelling or subpar the plot and worldbuilding. This series is, without a doubt, the worst I have ever witnessed by a ridiculous margin. I have never seen such lazy storytelling in my life, and the characters could not be more shallow even if that were the intent.. . But that isn't even the problem, nor is the issue that it follows every isekai trope possible. There are two ...
'Junji Itou: Japanese Tales of the Macabre' adapts 20 stories of the famous mangaka Junjii Itou for the first time. Since I'm not a connoisseur of the manga, my rating is purely on the anime.. . Each episode consists of one or two self-contained stories, so perfect for in between. I'm not a big fan of anthology series, too often the stories leave me dissatisfied. This is also the case with this anime, too often you get thrown into a plot and/or it ends abruptly.. Not that the stories are bad per se, but entertaining in a different way than expected.. The anime fits into the horror and supernatural ...
This just such an empty show. . It's not a farming or village/civilization building simulator -there is insignificant realism; everything is rather superficial.. It's not a character/drama show -they are all rather shallow cutouts and act as little more than a random NPC.. It's not about crafting an interesting setting/story as the worldbuilding/plot thus far is no more (if not actually weaker) than what you find in the multitude of generic isekai and fantasy shows that get churned out every year.. There isn't even much of those 'feels' and 'vibes' that draws many to 'slice of life'.. Every obstacle or potential problem is pretty much just ignored, or hand waved away ...
Pedo bait would be appalling but it could be worse. If someone tells you they enjoy the how get escape while you can. i regret watching this show admittedly i was 13 but this is some disgusting sh*t. there is no plot like most ecchi and its core focuses on the mc saving the girls and lewd situations idk been a long time since watching just here to give others a warning. story 1/10 not unique character. bad. There was no goal just terrible romance and with the utmost sincereness stay away from this show. how much do i need to type with the ...
Oh my god. I’m so mad rn. I can’t believe Makoto-sama did his own manga dirty with this anime. After finishing the movie, I knew that something was missing from the story, because I remembered from the manga that the two main characters had much deeper conversations than portrayed in the short movie. I was sure of this after I reread the manga.. . The only thing I liked from the anime that the manga couldn't provide was the atmosphere. It was pensive with the sound of rain and slow music.. . Overall, a huge disappointment and injustice to the manga. For the record the manga was ...
Hyouken no Majutsushi ga Sekai wo Suberu (2023). . Kenja no Mago in 2019 is basically this show. The story is about the usual guy who seems like he is a normal guy but suddenly is so unbelievably overpowered that he even wins other people that hate him through the power of friendship.. The show is a very linear school show with bad people that want to attack it. Adults have an actual role here which is great since it is usually kids fighting the wars in shows like this solely.. . The art for me is pathetic, it is not clean and lacks detail. Even in top-quality ...
I hear praise for this show everywhere, but I disagree with everyone who praises this show. I gave it three episodes and found out it really is not something I would enjoy, that is why I am dropping the show and leaving a negative review.. . My home hero gives me Kaiji: Ultimate Survivor vibes, especially in the third episode, I loved Kaiji, but this anime does not have the same effect, if you have seen Kaiji: Ultimate Survivor you know the feeling of sitting on the edge of your seat and being absolutely immersed in the plot, getting goosebumps from dramatic scenes and hoping for Kaiji ...
Mushoku Tensei was a landmark in the isekai genre, with its rich world building and great character development, in addition to getting an anime adaptation with the highest production values you'll see in any modern anime not made by Production IG/Kyoto Animation or named Made in Abyss, all which serve as a testament of why I consider it the best isekai ever made. This review isn't about that show.. . Tensei Kizoku no Isekai Boukenroku is a generic, insipid, ugly animated isekai in a flood of other equally completely uninspired isekai that just happened to have gone the full mile and decided to be a complete rip-off ...
*This might contain some minor spoilers, though we are talking about Jojo here, so there really isn't a story to spoil.*. _________________________________________________________________________________________________________. . The first part of this review is solely about Jojo's Bizarre Adventure Part 1: Phantom Blood:. . Depending on how you want to look at it, Jojo’s Bizarre Adventure Part 1: Phantom Blood is either the worst or the best part of the entire series. Let me explain:. Judging it from a critical perspective Part 1 is almost definitely Jojo’s worst part in all aspects. The art is of course the worst out of the entire series as it is Araki’s first work (in the Jojo series). Likewise, ...
I saw a review describe the creator as a misanthrope. After watching Gantz, I can see why. Social commentaries are always welcome, even average, uninteresting and unoriginal ones. But this isn’t a social commentary. It’s blatant angst. Someone said it’s shallow. That is exactly right. It would be right at home in r/im14andthisisdeep or something along those lines. Very whiny, very self-centred.. . The only acceptable character is the male model, and even so he would be considered a weak and forgettable character in any other series. But at least his decisions don’t boggle the mind.. . The only aspect of the show that makes me curious to want ...
High card - an anime with High potential but a wasted one. I dont know if the pacing is the same as in the manga as i do not read it, however it felt extremely fast paced and dozens of unexplained events happening one after another. The plot left me heavily confused about what is truly happening in this world of High Card, i was so confused that i barely had any desire to finish it, powers are left unexplained, cards are left unexplained, literally nothing is explained in this anime and it feels like everything that happens in the world of high card is ...
As a distant family relative of Atsushi, the director of "This Mayonnaise is too Liquid," I must say that I am deeply disappointed in his work. Atsushi was born in Hyogo Prefecture in 1980 and went on to study film at Osaka Kyoiku University, Image Forum Institute of Visual Arts, and Graduate School of Tokyo University of the Arts. He has been self-taught since around 2002 and started producing animation, with major themes of "pause" and "comfortable movement.". . However, all of this seems to have been in vain as he has created an appalling, horrid, awful, and distasteful work with "This Mayonnaise is too Liquid." It ...
I tried so hard to understand this but this show ain't for me.. . I only started watching it because Joey the AnimeMan recommended it in Trash Taste podcast.. Basically the plot is about a girl who gets invested in emails and social media. And how with time she started losing touch with reality since she doesn't know if she is real or just some sort of computer software.. It honestly gets confusing and the ending can be interpreted differently depending on the viewer.. I love psychological and thriller series but this was not my cup of tea.. The art is very decent keeping in mind ...
I deeply regret ever watching this garbage. Honestly the way it tries to pander to a specific demographic is just offending.. To summarize the plot briefly, it's just a couple teens trying to avoid being eaten while constantly showing breast and nudity every single moment.. The show really tried hard to show nudity, I can't believe this made it to T.V.. The amount of nudity doesn't even go with the plot, it has bad timing, a lot of things don't make sense even within the story.. The series doesn't have any value to teach the audience, nothing to reflect on. The action scenes are so ...
Okay so heres the deal with kaguya sama. I think its important to note that i generally do not enjoy comedies, or slice of lifes. And if i had to name a least fav genre id say comedy, and beyond that a least fav subgenre slice of life romcoms. So kaguya on that level already isnt that enjoyable. Now, being a part of a genre i dont like doesnt inherently mean i wont like it, like urusei yatsura original (NOT the new one) is awesome. Or even to a broader sense of comedy, napoleon dynamite is one of my fav movies. Being in this genre ...
Nothing New.. . Cliché characters and an extremely boring protagonist. The girl with the glasses has more motivation and a better storyline than the protagonist. It was annoying when the protanist constantly repeated that she was lonely all her life in the beggining of most of the chapters. It's like I already understood girl!- And it was very forced that in the first chapter she managed to have friends and a new hobbie all at once. At this part of my life I can't stand anymore the genki characters like the girl with two ponytails.. Some table games were intereting but I don't care about table games ...
this movie was expectedly underwhelming. The visuals were amazing and the music was great, but that did nothing to save the confusing, hole filled plot. the main character, suzume, was your typical highschool girl. and the guy just looked like a knockoff howl.. . the side characters suzume crossed paths with didnt really have an impact to the main story and just felt like checkpoints. and the romance felt uncomfortable and forced. i didnt feel any chemistry between the two main characters and how the second half of the movie was driven by suzume’s love for this stranger she meets on a whim feels forced.. . this was ...
I may be in the very small minority of people that watched and enjoyed Season 1 of this show... genuinely, i've seen it twice now... its fun and silly. I totally, non-ironically enjoy the first season.. . If you, too, enjoyed the first season... then this will be the most disappointing anime you will ever watch.. . NOTHING about this anime is good. Not one thing, there is no redeeming quality to be had here. It is not just a departure from the first season, its a COMPLETELY different show with a completely different sense of humor, if it can even be called humor.. . I can say, without any hyperbole, ...
Everyone says that this isn't your typical cutesy maid anime. That it's gritty. That it's very "out there". That it's over the top. They're wrong. Akiba Maid War tries to be gritty, but all it really is is a failed parody that doesn't take itself remotely seriously. Instead of being a gangster parody with a touch of cutesy maids, it's a cutesy maid show with a touch of gangster parody. It's like someone thought it would be funny to have maids running around with guns, so they gave some maids some guns. It's still cute. It's still wholesome. It's still light-hearted. All that's changed is ...
Well, I watched this anime a few years ago and I couldn't watch it anymore.. Of course, that might be down to the fact that I picked up spoilers, but what really put me off watching was the character development. They completely spoil the plot, especially Yuno.. . The story is actually pretty good, btw.. . If you like Yandere, this anime is for you. But I think you'll be as disappointed in the ending as I was.. . Maybe one day I'll keep watching and I can bring a more consistent and interesting review, but for now that's all I have to say.
It's a completely different show. The stunning action and character development that we loved about the season 1 is totally gone without a trace. Instead this show focuses on some non violence Gandhi crap. You can even call is a slice of life anime on slaves. Thorfinn's character has taken a completele 180 and the story itself doesn't seem to head anywhere if it has any on the first place. It's getting more and more boring with each episodes and I might end up dropping it it this show continues this path.. The animation is decent and the FEW action sequences this show has were good.. If ...
The Lore was 10/10, everything else was trash.. . Story:. As you read the theme, it's time travel. Only a few animes can do time travel right, and this anime is not one of them. The author tries to level up the time travel premise but sometimes completely neglect learned information and claims flawed logic as correct to look cool but only serves to induce rage for any expectation you ever had.. . Character:. Shinpei is a superficially pretentious character that always justifies he's right and cool, and in some parts, the embodiment of an adolescent Japanese boy daydreamer. Every other character around him is much more mature and collected. The ...
Terrible everything? I genuinely don't understand how this got approved, watched and liked.. . . The story is straight forward enough, for two seconds, and then there's a billion new characters without proper introductory arcs, so I cant even understand what their relationships and motivations are or even role within the story is, wacky out of place magic, overpowered lord demon, a heroine that doesn't care about pacing because she will do whatever she wants, whenever she wants, even if it means throwing all the sense out of the story out the window.. . . To further elaborate without boring you to death, the pacing is absolute garbage, it's like hodge ...
You can really feel the quality and let me tell you I wish you couldn't, because at least then I wouldn't have been in constant pain the entire time. Animation almost always looked bad except sometimes in the last episode. Voice acting was annoying, music was average, although sort of hard to tell given the wack mixing. Battle theme(s) was good though. Story, borderline nonexistent. Characters were walking cliches, couple maybe kinda had some depth, maybe? At least it wasn't an iskeai where the plot doesn't really talk about it except at the beginning. Other than that, real seasonal isekai kind of feel. 4.4/10
The first season was awesome, and I rated it a 9. For some ungodly reason, this season seems to be rated with a higher average than the first one.. I don't know why but it took them 5 years to release the 2nd season which is a steaming pile of garbage. I eagerly awaited the 2nd season for many years wondering ''man, that Classroom of the Elite anime sure was something, I wonder when we will see what's next''. Half a decade passed, and the anime picks up from nowhere, and ends nowhere. I tried to pick it up in the summer of 2022, ...
I don't write reviews but i just had to vent and ramble a bit so here you go.. After reading the positive reviews, i went into this anime expecting to enjoy it but it was a dissapointment.. The story is generic but slightly interesting and i thought the first episodes weren't bad but i struggled to finish the last 5 episodes. There was nothing interesting at that point. Now the reason i hate this so much is the characters and the dialogue, OH BOY , i was feeling pain from how cliche and cringe they were. The only good thing here was the animation.. I regret wasting ...
And it started so well.... . Season 2 is a tale of two halves. . The first half is a dumb comedy full of dumb humour, full of references to other anime, very much like season 1, and I really enjoyed it because it didn't try to be anything else.. . The second half, the tone is all over the place, the pacing is terrible, the comedy isn't as prevalent and is hit and miss, in short, it's just a mess, and for me it was a real slog to get through and just wasn't enjoyable.. . I'm going to have to give this a 5/10 because that evens it out, and not ...
Honestly if it wasnt my first ever anime i watched as a kid back in like 2010 it would be a 4/10. . An early 2000s anime full of sexism and no longer funny jokes and tropes, most of the characters dont make ANY damn sense as real people and only serve as dehumanized tools for the main character to get TSUYOKU but he magically stays so vague and average throughout the entire show honestly the whole cast should just check out and go do their own show and it would be far more interesting than watching ichigo struggle his way out of averageness for nearly 400 ...
I only watched it so you wouldn't have to. A great second season. Strong 2/10. Absolutely everything lies and squeaks here: animation, line, phasing, dialogues, romance, humor, gags, adventures, music, protagonist, antagonist ... everything. There's nothing good to see here. The humor here looks as if some sloppy old man made up jokes on his knee pretending that he knows what young people are playing nowadays. It's so embarrassing that it stings your eyes and ears. No one will give me back this lost time. It's hard. The only thing that impresses me is the fact that in order to create such a powerful piece ...
Let me start off with this, Black Jack 2004 is NOT a bad series.. . It just pales in comparison to most other adaptations and even the original Tezuka manga which it loosely adapts. Many stories are a mixed bag due to all the changes they had to make for the Heisei era. A lot of the more brutal chapters had to be toned down due to appealing to a younger audience in the modern times. (Well, it was modern almost 20 years ago 😅). . You might think "Oh well, I don't like brutal stuff much anyway so that's fine with me." but many of the stories ...
I actually avoided the game because it looked stupid. Another indulgent Japanese game with low production values, serious lack of game design focus, and trashy anime tropes with excessive, cloying amounts of pretentious existential dread. I'm pretty sure they challenge GOD at some point at the end. I've heard all the fanboys gush about the story and philosophical and emotional threads pulling at their naive hearts and minds, so I avoided it even more. I've heard this said way too many times over mediocre or ridicuously farcical Japanese media. Let's not forget, these are still androids with big bosoms, stylish blindfolds, and maid suits with ...
There are some anime that really puzzle me by how they got so popular, "Irregular at Magic High School" is one of them. On one hand I get why this has such a popular appeal, but on the other it's so bland and generic it seems like a miracle anyone likes it.. . If I had to guess why "Irregular at Magic High School" has such a large following, I would attribute it to the large cast of characters, and while their personalities are all pretty cliché all the girls have attractive and unique character designs, and while the male cast is much smaller they are ...
This is the biggest piece of dog-ass I have ever watched. . My dad was on amazon prime and found this trash, so I was forced to watch 12 episodes of horny degeneracy. . All the fetishes, incest, panty-stealing, yuri, furry, and even r*pe are all accounted for. . Plot:. a fucking battle royale with no stakes, cause you know that the only damage the women will take is there clothes being ripped off, but for the men, fuck em, tear them limb from limb, we need gore somehow. . Animation:. ...
It's a very pedestrian retelling of some of Junji Ito's more average works. Coming from someone who's read them all.. Can't believe I'm saying this, but the older anime is much more entertaining.. All of that said, this truly is an example where the book is much better!. I really hope someday someone gives Junji Ito the anime he deserves.. . The books are quite creepy in the best possible way. I didn't find this anime scary at all. The stories chosen are mid for sure, and the ones chosen for the older anime is a better selection. The one about the fashion model for example is ...
Such boring dialogue and characters in this show. It’s like the script was made overnight using chatgpt. They legit kept repeating the same shit with slight variations on how they say it. The main character, Anus? She literally reincarnated as an npc.. . Even worse, the characters seemed like shitty copy and paste from other anime’s. Emilia from Re:Zero meets Catarina/Chisato from Otome Game/Lycoris. Story had potential, but the directors wanted to force the Yuri aspect of it as cheap bait.. . I have nothing against girl x girl romance, but when its the only thing the show has going for it, yeah boring.....Overall just a really ...
The movie starts with an all new scenes from the past, around 35 minutes, which is one third of the movie, and all else is a puzzle comprised of the old episodes, and I really mean that: a puzzle. It takes effort to blew nostalgia away, and this movie did come out of his way to dirt my love for the series, but this movie did it.. . Who is this movie for? Newcommers are totally out of question, since the story is totally incomprehensible and even old time fans might be lost by the change of facts and overabundance of text exposition, which many many times ...
I remember seeing this manga on shelves of a bookstores somewhere, and it looks really cool. I filed it away in my mind to re-investigate it at some point. 20 years later, I watch the anime, and I'm quite dissaappointed.. . Gantz, is a really poorly-paced, poorly- written, homophobic slew of trash. The editing is very bad. It does however, have some excellent concepts, and provides a decent backstory for the main characters and their development. The way the music used is also really neat (It sounds weird like different things being mixed together at times). . ITs too bad because it feels like a wasted opportunity to explore ...
Gross approximation of Cyberpunk both visually and conceptually for faux thematic depth, providing little worth beyond surface level intellectual aesthetics. Nice enough art.. . Ultimately, the show fails to appropriate any occurring theme within it due to a variety of factors - flat characters, little intellectual inspection, self-indulgent world (i.e., that it wants to say "look at how special our story is", rather than to be a special story) - which leaves it a boring mess, and consequently feels disrespectful to the viewer when it tries to pull at heartstrings with limp wrists.. . Visually, the anime serves nicely, but is not the most stunning work done by Studio ...
I tried so hard to not drop this anime and idk how people rate it this high. It was so rushed most parts didnt even make sense. It was soo cliche and cheesy but not in the heart pounding way. The only scenes i enjoyed were the ones that the real hikaru was in. They tried so hard to make it deep and emotional and i found that funny since u cant do that with characters that had 3seconds of screen time. My guilty pleasure is otome anime so from someone who has seen a lot of them this is js a waist of time.
hahaha that was LITERALLY a kid's show I just watched. Like, I might show my child this show in the future and they would really enjoy it. You know how lots of slice of life animes are in middle school or high school because that's the target audience they're trying to hit? This show isn't meant to be slice of life but anya is in kindergarten so it literally could be. i really don't think ANYTHING interesting happened in that show like at all. Some good funny moments though. Understandably there is probably more interesting things happening later in the show but I"m probably not ...
This is a weird one. The first episodes were sort of decent, at least they would entertain, and there seemed to be a story and some interesting characters buried there, somewhere deep, that would sometimes show up.. The problem is, the cringe and cheesy tropes are strong with this one. It's a roulette of generic isekai, kids' show and romcom mixed together and you don't know where the ball's going to land at any given moment. It's really weird.. The last episodes are a complete mess, a fever dream mix of weird plot holes and contradictions, bad writing and fanservice. You can barely keep up with ...
As a fan of the first half of Wonder Egg Priority, I eagerly anticipated the special episode that was supposed to shed light on the confusing and incomplete ending of the original show. However, upon watching it, I was disappointed and perplexed. The special episode, spanning 46 minutes, failed to provide a satisfying resolution or explanation for the unresolved plotlines and character arcs from the original series.. . The first 23 minutes of the special episode recap the entire show. This felt redundant and repetitive for people who had already seen the original episodes. While it could have been a helpful refresher for those who may not ...
It is a great failure. I expected it to be at least coherent. The whole story is very chaotic, however, the humour wasn't so bad, but placed at the wrong time. Very little is known about the characters, everything is a mystery which is tiresome. It is impossible to relate to the main characters, even if something terrible happens to them...don't know them = don't care. The ending was great, however, nothing was explained. There are so many good anime with fantasy worlds and with dark fantasy, so I wouldn't recommend it. The only good thing about this anime is the potential ( wasted) ...
I was able to finish this anime only because of external forces.. . Very weak, one of the worst audiovisual productions for sure. Direction of this anime unfortunately can't get it right in practically any scene and the studio can barely keep 5 seconds of good animation.. . It's a little sad that this anime is of such low quality, since, a priori, its idea is interesting. Curious to say the least. Being a story that has nothing but fights with curious personalities, for example: ADÃO x ZEUS, is enough to make me want to watch this anime, but the fact that the story is bigger than it is ...
As I said in the season four review: the series should have ended in season three.. This one, like the last one, is just a bunch of predictable clichés.. There are 40 episodes where you can almost visualize what will happen. None of what was so great in seasons 1-3 was present here.. . Art is good. Perhaps the only good point.. The soundtrack almost doesn't exist anymore. One of the good attributes, it was slowly decaying into fourth, and is now a background feature.. The story is also non-existent. It's sad to see what happened to the characters. Nobody managed to be charismatic. Not even the new ones.. The development is ...
I made a bet with a friend that I would watch one season of an isekai, and I happened to choose the most flavorless one. "Realist Hero" has got to be the isekai of all time. The main hero is such a self-insert that at times the show plays like an Adam Sandler flick. The show meets so many stereotypes of the genre, it practically feels AI-generated. Let's go through the list:. . Overpowered MC? Check.. Contrived harem plot? Check.. Terrible exposition and lore dumping? Check.. Emotionless dialogue and tone-deaf voice delivery? Check.. Soft magic system that empowers the characters when needed? Check.. Demon lord? Check.. . The gimmick of this show is, ...
This anime embodies what the non-anime watchers think anime is: cute girls, bunny-girls, harem, basic mc, and tons of fan service...Save your time and don't watch this.. . I first saw a picture of the female lead and I thought she was charming with her white-haired, pink-eyes, and overpowered abilities. Thus, I decided to give this anime a watch. I must say, the idea of the anime isn't terrible. I do enjoy watching an overpowered pair dominating their universe together but, there is too much fan service to take the show seriously and it knows. There was world-building somewhere, but it's barely relevant lol. Plus, it's not ...
DokiDoki! Precure Movie: Mana Kekkon!!? Mirai ni Tsunagu Kibou no Dress is unfortunately a very underwhelming movie by Precure standards, with a disjointed plot that feels haphazardly placed together with elements that don't seem to fit or connect. The movie is about overcoming memories of the past and moving on from painful times and dealing with the deceased; however, the method with which they choose to execute this is on shaky foundation, to say the least. Many of the twists wind up feeling silly and nonsensical in a bad way, often making no sense in the context of the movie.. . The movie seems to be attempting ...
Sword Art Online: Alicization - War of Underworld 2nd Season. . . Well, the first part of this war was already a disappointment, but to bring this to a new level is something you didn't see coming.. Not sure how many times I joked about what we watched and what happened this season. If anyone has experience with Kingdom Hearts Writing and the Youtube Channel "Just a Pancake", that person will know what I'm getting at. This season is a pure definition of "Random Bullshit Go" "That's not even my Final Final Form" and "Okay I believe you" - these 3 memes represent the entire plot of this ...
Story: 2/10. . Terrible. Not only is it completely formulaic, the formula can be summed up in this few words: nephew and his uncle talk about their videos, at some point the uncle is reminded of his memories in the other world and the two watch it, only for his nephew to realize the story was pointless.. But wait, there's more! Or maybe I should say the opposite, as there is no plot in sight to progress!. . . . Art: 7/10. . Looks like good old hand-drawn animation but some visual effects are outright out of place (glitchy dimensional bag or whatever you want to call it) and others are annoying as they ...
[No spoilers, bad language]. . Kawaii dake ja Nai Shikimori-san is one of the most boring anime I've ever seen, so much so that I wanted to drop it in the third episode. The only good thing about this anime is the protagonist, honestly I would say "Smash", but everything else is boring without a shred of plot and with flat characters and without any personality. Not to mention the normie humor and other shit like that. It really sucks.. Not to mention that toilet with the same expression that I don't even remember what it's called, why is it there? Is it supposed to make you laugh? ...
TBH I found this anime interesting to start but one of the worst anime, no worst pieces of media, i've seen in my life by the end. This anime is the perfect example of characters doing things for absolutely no reason except to further your story... the actions the characters take get more and more absurd as the story goes on, to where it reaches a point that if you just randomly picked the dumbest, most illogical, most absurd thing a character might choose to do then you are probably closer to the answer than what ay kind of inference based on their character building ...
“In the Land of Leadale” is what happens when You’re a fan of SAO but can’t write for shit.. . Welcome to Leadale - the most generic fantasy world You can imagine. There isn’t one original thought in it. If I told You to imagine a fantasy world You would probably think of 99% of things that You find here. Demi-humans? Check. Green plains? Check. Medieval style architecture? Check. Magic? Check. Seriously the world is so bland it makes Baldur’s Gate feel fresh.. In this bland cutout of a world we follow a cardboard cutout of an OP main heroine on her… quest (?) to experience the ...
Okay honestly what the fuck? At this point just make a hentai series. If it isn't quite obvious by the other reviews, the protagnist is way hella young to be surrounded by all these tits. Some might argue his age is 12 but i doubt that is even true. Bro has a body of a 9 year old and barely fits his clothes at times. Even so him being less than the age of 16 doesn't run away from the fact he is groomed by a bunch of hot big tittied women. It isn't fair. The first scene of the anime was just straight up ...
if you were hoping for an onmyoudou anime you will be disappointed, if you were hoping for a bog standard "i want to get stronger" "defeat everyone with the power of love" anime with an onmyoudou aesthetic this is your anime. the animation is pretty good though, and there may even be a couple characters you like and probably more you are supposed to like but really want to crucify.. . i have said everything i feel needs to be said, but the machine isn't letting me publish because i guess it feels i haven't answered enough questions, here's it's suggestions:. . Is the story unique? If it was ...
Have you ever wondered what would happen if you gave dodgy animators a bad script, a shot of LSD and half of Wall-streets annual supply of cocaine?. . Well now we know.. . The animation style is a bit different, and I can't say I'm a fan. It's wildly inconsistent from character to character and scene to scene. The, well everything, is inconsistent, and bad. With the possible exception of the voice acting. It's not even the type of bad you can say "Well it's arthouse and only trying to appeal to this particular niche audience." about. It's just flat not good.. . In summary ...
I came into this after watching Babylonia, so I may be underwhelmed, and I also have not watched part 2 yet. This movie was rather boring, and hard to get through at 3am. That is probably a combination of me being tired and this movie just being bland. Unfortunately, my expectations were high considering this singularity involved the ethos of King Arthur, but this first half of this story just didn't do it justice. We do get to meet some okay characters, and we do have a story here, but it all just isn't on par with Babylonia. I'm getting ...
no..... just no. 2L of bleach is by far not enough to wipe this shit from my memory. How is it possible to make something that is worse than Redo of Healer. Even Satan would be humbled by the shitshow that is this show. I know finally what is at the abyss in Made in Abyss, its this show and other anime like Redo of Healer and Eromanga Sensei.. Why do the Japanese people waste so much money on this, when the could spend that money on producing a good anime. Well... its at least better than all those shitty isekai´s.
FGO First Order is a skippable part of the FGO anime only perspective. I watched this after watching FGO Babylonia, and although I didn't mind watching this special, it added very little to the story that I missed by watching FGO out of order. Since this only covers 1 singularity, there is no reason to force yourself to watch this. To my knowledge, many of the singularities are game only parts of the franchise, making this special irrelevant. The overall quality of this special is pretty mid for Fate. That being said, it's not unwatchable, it's fast paced making it ...
Well this is my first review on MAL so sorry in advance for any mistakes..Now the first thing you should know about me is that I usually rate anime really high! I believe every store teller should have their freedom and it beautiful in its own way and the animes that I enjoy, I give them a great score considering the efforts put on to make the show for me to just watch it in so less time.. Back to the review now. I had High Hopes from this anime and the start was okayish but then they messed up real bad! I mean I was ...
This season was a really downfall.. . You could predict what was about to happen to the arc from the beggning of the first episode.. The suprise element from the previous seasons wasn't there anymore, and this one became just a bunch of repetive cliches. They could have changed something in the last arc, but decided to stick to the same development from beggning of the season. The last race result was pathetic beyond limit.. . For an instance: the "top" points of the season was the romances developments. I laughted and got angry more in those occasions that the races.. . I still have to watch the last season, but ...
Goshuushou-sama Ninomiya-kun is a generic ecchi trash anime that's spoiled by the MC's complete lack of self-determination. The doormat called Ninomiya Shungo allows every female character in the series to do whatever she wants with him at every point in time. In the first episode, a group of girls has somehow tied Shungo up in order to sexually harass him, and it only gets worse from there. These same girls, and especially one of them, continue to walk all over Shungo throughout the anime. It's not explained how Shungo allows this; one can only assume he has no will of his ...
Man!!!!!!!. There's plenty of cringe in this anime. Longing to watch a good rom-com, I chose this one and I gave it 12 chances (12 episodes) to actually see what's all the hype and good reviews are about. But for me this is one of the cringiest anime ever. My mind was blown after the 1st episode and still consoled myself it would become better, but this anime proved me wrong in all possible ways.. . Plot was simple and whole season is just about introducing new characters around the MCs relationship. The female MC gives hints about her long-lived life but the progress stands still yet. Male ...
I've yet to see how you can combine the two very contrasting violence and child-caretaking genres together. The Yakuza’s Guide to Babysitting and Buddy Daddies both try to attempt this, but to complete failure. Yakuza's Guide to Babysitting basically deals with the yakuza on such a surface level that it's barely a subtheme of the show. You can read my review on it, but it's essentially just a fluffy cute show almost unrelated to yakuza most of the time. Buddy Daddies on the other hand deals heavily between the theme of caretaking and the hitman business, but again, it fails miserably because the child isn't ...
This show is like if Spy x Family cut out everything interesting in the plot.. . The fact that this show got tagged as 'Action' is equivalent to if Death Note got tagged 'Slice of Life' because Light talks to his family sometimes. This show is purely a slice of life anime with a complication that the two Dad's are assassins. The hook of the show was supposed to be the balancing act of cool action assassin and the facade of a happy family raising an unknowing daughter.. . Instead it is a show about a whiny ass little kid that is unbearable and is constantly crying and ...
Definition of cliché is to use popular tropes that works well and can be easily reproduced. Thus why they are overused, consequently getting extremely predictable and allowing for the author to be lazy. Unfortunately this story isn't different and it doesn't try to be anything more than mediocre.. . Apparently the "unique" aspect of this story is the sole fact that the protagonist is a cordial overpowered country boy, which by itself doesn't make any sense at all but lets ignore it. Beyond that, there's nothing special, it's filled with clichés that you would see in any fantasy-school setting out there. The presentation for concepts is also ...
What can I say? Beastiality is not a good thing. I'm pretty sure if this were live action series, peeps would prolly go to jail. For all of the degeneracy that I too share with most people. I think I will draw the line on this one. I'm not the type to ever write a review, but for God's sake never watch this or at least watch a few see, what I'm talking about and just drop it.. . The story as it is, is very bland. Apart from all of the sexual things that happen between the FMC and the MC (which is a dog). ...
This show is pretty frustrating IMO. Spy Classroom is about how warfare was exchanged for espionage in a fictional war. There exists a type of assignment known as an "impossible mission" which can often be seen as potentially life-threatening.. . We follow the spy Klaus who was previously a member of a spy group called Inferno. But things did not go well. He is tasked with taking seven flunkies and one of their first tasks is trying to capture him.. . The show is structured weirdly. The first half of the anime is the girls preparing to embark on their "impossible mission" with the other half being the building ...
Finally I know why teenagers love this, it's a soulless tragic story with empty hope behind it and no character development (basically most (first world) teenagers). Have heard people call this deep and philosophical, actually embarrassing.. . Filled with pointless scenes and story plots. On top of that the dialogue and animation are so out of touch with what the anime is trying to convey a lot of the times, feels very awkward.. . This anime doesn't deserve the soundtrack it has and especially that ending song.. . All in all this gives a very clear feeling of the maker looking at things and throwing it all on paper ...
possibly the most forgettable anime imaginable. its genuinely impressive how mediocre it is in every capacity. the rawest 5/10 you could ever conceive.. . watched all in 1 go and if you ask me or anyone else in the watch-party to name a single plot point, theme, or more than 4 characters names it would be a struggle.. . i have no hate towards this show. i have no love towards this show. it is nothing.. . your time is better spent elsewhere. but if you desire pure slop to not think about for a second, then perhaps this is for you. . . WDYM MY REVIEW NEEDS MORE INFOMATION. ITS NOTHING. ...
Ah, Gugure! Kokkuri-san, a masterpiece of storytelling, a true work of art. A girl named Kohina summons a fox spirit named Kokkuri to be her servant, and what follows is a rollercoaster of emotions and excitement. Actually, no, it's just a bunch of silly antics and absurd situations. But who cares about a coherent plot anyway, right?. . About the Style is the epitome of sophistication and elegance. Just kidding, it's actually pretty average. But what it lacks in visual flair, it makes up for in sheer ridiculousness. From Kokkuri's creepy obsession with Kohina to the absurd antics of the other spirits, this show is a wild ...
Don’t watch this movie. Just don’t. It’s not worth your time. It’s basically Jurassic Park if it had everything good taken out of it and swapped the dino’s with bugs. And added boobs. That’s legit all this movie is.. . The characters are bland and lack any form of.. well character... The voice acting is so so for some parts and just horrible for others. and the animation? Euugh. . Literally in one part of the movie (not a spoiler) main girl walks for like 5 minutes straight to some copyright free music while they reuse the same 3 shots over and over.. . Now slight spoiler for the ending (spoiler ...
Story is about a high schooler who's the grandson of a famous detective and he and his friend always end up at the epicenter of some crime with a murder or multiple murders and the protagonist solves them.. . At first I thought it was really good and interesting, but later on it became a real drag to watch. For the 40 episodes I've watched, I took two breaks from the show because I had zero desire to watch it. In the end I gave up because I realized I was forcing myself to watch it and not having much fun.. . Reason why I felt like this is ...
Opening song was an absolute banger. So was the first episode.. . But that's all that was good with this show.. . If anime could be scams, this would be the biggest one. I really tried to like this, especially because of the premise. But I couldn't despite my best efforts. You go in expecting something amazing but realize you are met with one of the biggest snoozedfests out there second episode in.. . The animation is horrible. Overly fluid in some places, jarringly static in others. You can tell they used more AI smoothing instead of real animators.. . The story is horribly built, rushed and all over the ...
Tensei Oujo to Tensai Reijou no Mahou Kakumei lacks any depth because of how discordant Anis is portrayed as a character compared to the actual theme and tone of the other characters.. . To put it in simple terms, while this show is an isekai, so the main character should be "eccentric" and different compared to other characters in terms of personality and ambitions, it shouldn't be this drastic. Anis is a typical character straight out of a comedic isekai while the rest of the characters feel like they're in a historical drama. She's a typical Mary Sue (why not?) character and she's a genius in the ...
this anime is so guy wrenchingly bad.. seeing this sad sad SAD little soy boy crawl his way back with his CUM stained hands (don’t forget that part) into his fake little girlfriends shit covered arms is honestly pathetic. I watched this anime just because I wanted to see this hoe burn. rot in hell. maybe become a better person in the process. Maybe surprise me a little bit. Just a little. But of course that didn’t happen, little snowflake man won’t stop jerking off to a photo of his ex like a fucking MANIAC. And then precedes to hire a girlfriend because he is a ...
Studio Ghibli: a true titan of the anime industry. Few studios have such a unique flare and air of class to them, but alas, all is not well.. . I must go into a little background first. I have not seen a Studio Ghibli film since I was growing up, but I remember them for being not a major commercial studio looking to profit from whatever film they make decades after its initial release, which one of Gibli's competitor's, Walt Disney Animation Studios, was doing rampantly and it marked the beginning of the company's tirade towards greed, swallowing up several companies over the next few decades, including ...
It's an infidelity drama that claims to be comedy because they characters don't fully cheat, only emotional cheating. Lack of communication and trust is so funny!. There's almost nothing to do with games the whole time.. . The standoff scene was great and could've been a fun point to resolve the drama, but it just decays into the same misunderstandings. but more boring.. No character gives a good explanation for why they enjoy games, but there is a huge breakdown of flaws in games. It feels like it was written by a bitter ex-girlfriend - especially the episode with the DLC discussion.. At the end, the drama is miraculously ...
One: Kagayaku Kisetsu e is probably the most baffling anime I have ever seen. It's a total waste of time, regardless of whether you have read the visual novel or not.. . The central problem of this OVA is that it doesn't know who it wants to appeal to. If you watch a lot of OVAs, you might be aware that there are a lot of older ones out there (and the occasional newer one too) that do not attempt to properly tell the story; rather, their intent is to be sold to fans of the source material as a way to see their favorite scenes and ...
After my previous review got deleted so how do we review it in a more polite language. Dramatical Murder is an anime with a confusing and convoluted story that is difficult to follow. The plot is riddled with inconsistencies and plot holes, making it hard to invest in the world and the characters.. . Speaking of characters, the main cast of Dramatical Murder is bland and uninteresting. The protagonist, Aoba, lacks any real depth or personality, and the supporting characters are forgettable at best.. . The music in this anime is also lackluster. The soundtrack fails to capture the emotion and energy of the scenes, making it difficult to ...
It's basically the same plot as Kaiji: Gambling Apocalypse. The whole plot in these sort of anime hangs on the cringe plot twists pulled out of the writer's ass.. All these plot twists are illogical and have only one purpose - to shock the viewer by how fucked up the twist is.. The problem with these plot twists is that they are waaay too unrealistic, which makes the show look retarded in the end.. Each time the creators pull the plot twist.. the show gets cornier, until at the end it looks like a complete mess of unrealistic events piled on top of each other.. . A pile on of idiotic ...
THIS IS QUENTIN TARANTINO'S LEVEL OF DIALOGUE. . God damn this anime sucked, I'm not even going to sugarcoat anything. This repulsive show's entire content revolved around dumb, somehow beyond generic, lazily written story, with also extremely lazily written characters, and countless of borderline unbelievable "romantic" moments. This is basically someone's sad, failed attempt at making a romance show.. . The premise is simple enough. A dude found a girl sitting in the rain and offered her an umbrella, who is actually his next door neighbor that he never talked to, the two then began to form a relationship from then. Simple enough right? Yeah, except she felt that ...
maybe you could say this anime is too boring for me, the conflict presented does not give any impression. they have 9 heroines but only a few are highlighted, makes me wonder why you put in so many women but only a few are highlighted. plus the back and forth storyline made me a little annoyed, I was expecting an exciting conflict, but because the plot goes back and forth so I didn't feel anything exciting. this anime often focuses on the daily life of a spy rather than the conflict of a spy agent. but I still give appreciation for this anime because well ...
Well, from the little I saw, (I only saw 4 episodes, then I dropped it) the anime is very slow, a romance that doesn't progress at all and, on top of that, instead of being an adult and more "mature" romance, it seems like a boring teenage romance and The thing about the powers and that they are descendants of Japanese gods or whatever, does not contribute anything, it seems that it is there as a hindrance, the truth is that the anime is very boring, not even the characters are saved, they are too flat, they Essence and personality are lacking, also they don't ...
As I watched this show, I was struck by a sense of deja vu in the back of my brain, and certain story beats seemed oddly familiar. It wasn't until the last episode that I realized why: I'd already watched this show and forgotten.. . That's how memorable this show is. It's ten episodes of mediocrity and overpowered characters succeeding at whatever they want, held back only by their lack of knowledge of the setting. This is an uninspired No-Game No-Life where the characters replace their interesting flaws and quirks with literal super powers. The stakes are only as grand as the main characters' apathy.. . This show is ...
Warning: I don't speak English, so this may have some spelling errors or some words that are not well understood.. . oh my god, how do I start, how do I leave the anime, I'm only going to comment on the 6 episodes I saw, and god WHAT A FUCKING TORTURE, I mean, a girl takes care of her boyfriend because he has bad luck, well, I'm not judging him, it's a romance at last and after all, but, if we go a little further with the anime, it becomes very boring, very basic and sometimes even boring, and what I don't like are the characters, that ...
Ok, this was a bit of a dissapointment coming off hot from the first movie. The first movie had so much energy and flowing of characters. This one served less purpose. Also ill talk about something later.. . The story: Same as Legend 1 + 2 but way worse than 2. I felt a bit better than 1 but then again its apples to apples.. . The animation: Was it worse this time around?!??! Maybe my eyes are bad but I swear the roads felt empty. the background felt soulless, I am not sure. It was something all right.. . Characters: Ill be honest at this point im just exhausted from ...
Although the races itself are good, I do not understand why these exist. If I wanted to see fast cars go around, I would tune into a F1 race or a drifting competition on YouTube. But Initial D's main point is story leading up to the races. It gives the tension and purpose of the race. Nothing here to be seen. Just fast cars.. . Music: I did like the music. It was good.. . The animation: A lot of CG still so its okay but it shows its age.. . Why you should watch it: Its an okay watch if you like cars other than that its meh.. . Final Score: ...
Clannad is a visual novel created by Jun Maeda and adapted by the only anime studio in Japan to respect the human right to a salary for a day’s work. Clannad is astonishingly trite. It would take an unbelievable amount of naivety to take on its clearly manipulative storytelling tactics in good faith and glean any sense of enjoyment out of it. It’s considered a classic by people who have no idea what they’re on about. They must’ve been off a perc, off a xan, too much henny, baby-battered out of their mind to consider Clannad a classic. Clannad is not a classic. A classic ...
NOTICE: This review covers both seasons of this title.. . It’s a light novel adaptation so TADAAA you already know it is trash material for people with low expectations. It tries to be spooky at times, only to end up sounding as such: Thunders and spells and dramatic set up, and zooming to a wizard using magic speels full of weird lingo. In the name of God’s blissful existence I command you to… Oh! I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to grab your boobs! Really! And my Johnny magically appeared between them! I’m sorry for being a normal teenager; I’m terribly sorry! Well thanks for killing the mood ...
"OVERLORD". . Genre- Action, Magic, Fantasy, Adventure. . If you ever had to watch an anime where you could not help but wish that it gets over soon, my friend, I feel you for the first time. Starting off, this anime is one that I would not recommend anyone to watch (you really can find animes better than this in the same genre). With dull side characters, an MC simping over his lost friends, and a downright lousy storyline for something called "Overlord', this anime could not be any more pathetic than it is right now.. . Momonga is a person who uses games as a means of escape from reality. ...
Very rarely have I been compelled to write a review on My Anime List, but this show has finally done it for me, because I feel absolutely baffled by how this is considered a good show. To be clear, if you enjoyed this show/manga, that's great, more power to you, and I'm definitely not trying to take away any of your enjoyment. With that said, this show frustrated me more than any I've ever seen. The TL;DR of it is that is a massive pile of wasted potential.. . I'm sure you're already familiar with the premise of the show, and the premise is actually quite ...
With every anime season there’s a minimum of five terrible new fantasy anime to come along with it. Genre fatigue has been slowly setting in for years, and nearly every one of these glorified internet fanfics have been derided as “power fantasies” or “self-insert series” by people who actually care about the quality of the media they consume. Extremely bland peerless main characters plowing their way through any obstacle and hundreds of indistinguishable girls in increasingly trite fantasy realms seems to be the basic establishing formula for these series, most of which were written on novel websites made for the sole purpose of getting sheltered ...
When the anime began airing, the community was split in half. There were those who were amazing with the fantastical world and the premise of an emotionally damaged female protagonist being given a second chance in life. And then there were those who 5 minutes into the opening scene of the OVAs had ‘nope’d out. It was another pro-slavery series where it’s fine to own slaves if you treat them well. This sick power fantasy that is mostly encountered in bottom of the barrel stories (which so happen to be mostly isekai) is enough to alienate all those who are not willing to see past ...
Ok, so the sequel has ended and TBH, not much has change....... . So:. . Story:. . Pros: The relationship between aggressive kohai and pussy sempai continues and that's as good as it gets.. . Cons: The Sempai was still a pathetic loser/pussy, and the kohai was still very aggressive playful and annoying.. . ...
This should have been an 80 min. movie! As much as I loved the first season of "Tokyo Revengers", I can't help but think this one felt slow and boring half of the time. Only like 5 or 6 (at most) episodes felt relevant and moved the story and characters forward. Everything else was just circling around something about to happen that took too long to happen and when it did... it was kind of disappointing. If they took only the good things of the content and decided to aim towards a full length film (80 min. as previously said), it could have been AMAZING! ...
Mushoku Tensei has garnered a reputation for being one of the most controversial shows in recent times—splitting the community due to its neglectful depiction of paedophilia, rape, voyeurism and so on. Whilst personally distasteful, its greatest fault may not necessarily be its inclusion, but the show’s failure to properly incorporate it.. . Rudy’s unrepentant attempts at perversion, the lack of reprimand and its inconsequential framing don’t exactly paint him as remorseful—all the more disgusting as we are constantly reminded of his mental age. Despite this, coming of age is intended to be a significant part of the series. But, it's laughable ever to take this seriously, as ...
I had no expectations for the movie going into it, considering it was something random I found and decided to watch. It's honestly not that good, and the only thing carrying it was the animation. While watching it, I was really hoping for it to be good because of how stunning the art was, but the story was extremely lackluster. The romance seemed forced, and none of the characters were fleshed out and I felt no connection towards any of them.. . As for the love aspect, I don't like how rushed it was. However, I'm generally not a fan of the love at first sight trope, ...
Haikyuu!! To the Top Part 2 (S4 Part 2) is si far the worst season of the series. The action, match part of the franchise is still as good as ever, however, they added stuffs they didn't in the previous seasons. That is the throw back, as well as Nekoma's match AND their background stories. They should've added Nekoma's backstory to the Tokyo Qualifier OVA and make both part of Season 3 instead of having only 10 episodes consisting of only Karasuno vs Shiratorizawa (which is not even their main rival).. . Other part which makes the season worse than its predecessors is that there are way ...
Yes it's another Isekai western fantasy anime fresh from the assembly line. We have the same recycled tropes here. Overpowered protagonist with zero personality who behaves like a child, even with a whole lifetime of experience. Harem. Magic School. Hero. Demon King. Ham-fisted demon or elf racism moralizing. No clear oveararching conflict, plot, or antagonist because it's designed for only one season, with a vague cliffhanger at the end in case it gets popular enough for a sequel. The gimmick of this particular isekai anime is right in the name. He's an exorcist of Japanese lore, so he can do all the exorcist stuff like ...
Well produced but the story is confused/doesnt know how to transition between the fun and serious scenes.. . If you don't like kids because you find them annoying, don't watch this. My ear is ringing contantly hearing the kid shout. The two dads obviously dont know how to discipline the child and take care of her(eg leaving the kid alone at home).. They didnt keep the cat cause they themselves know they're not in the best place to take care of someone else.. . The story doesnt take the gravity of being killers seriously. The kid doesnt even act like a kid. What kind of kid isnt scared of gunshots? ...
Yet another year goes by, and yet another year, comes another season of Sorcerous Stabber Orphen.. . It's clear that there is an audience in Japan that is calling for the remake adaptations of novelist Yoshinobu Akita's acclaimed Majutsushi Orphen Hagure Tabi a.k.a Sorcerous Stabber Orphen, that 3 years on, we're now into the Seasons 3 and 4, 2-cour continuous season that is the Chaos in Urbanrama arc, followed by the Doom of Dragon's Sanctuary arc that we'll be getting the week after, for some non-stop Orphen action.. . But truth be told, I am feeling the watchers' remorse that as every season is stressed on, it just got ...
It's not interesting if you watch it without knowing it, it's even worse if you know it. I can't say anything other than that this director should never touch a work by Mochizuki Jun again in his life.. . The studio, the professionals involved, the promising staff; all this was a formula for success. The first trailer is great and the expectations were good from the start. It's a pity that Yuki Kajiura and her amazing OSTs are put in the middle of this mess; the openings and endings are also extremely good. Art is decent at best, not what you would expect from a team with ...
The show may be about the supernatural, but it is only superficial. It reeks of 90's OVAs that were ultra violent for the sake of being ultra violent, and not in a fun way. Gore and disgust are used to hide a nonsensical plot filled with characters that have equally nonsensical motivations. It really feels like the writer is clueless about the subjects used but tries to sound cool anyways. Whether its firearms, tough guys, or war, it all ends up sounding like a child's idea of what those things should be. The MC is overpowered and the show falls into the mistake of the ...
What a wacky group this is! Post apocalyptic donut cats living where humans cease to exist! How can it be so BAD. Truly stinks!. . I bet the manga is very funny and cute, but this anime was junk. The animation is was very bad cgi (except for a very well animated mecha) and the movement feels very off and uncanny. The plot so random and feels like you’ve dropped into a conversation and walked away before it was done. Every episode is so disconnected and random, which can be fun- but not for this. I want substance, I want to know what made these creatures, what ...
I guess you could say this has spoilers in it but it's not anything big, anyone that reads this won't understand what happens in the entire movie or fully understand the plot.. . Well this was disappointing, I was expecting this movie to be at least somewhat good but it didn't live up to my expectations. This isn't even movie quality it looks like a regular anime episode but worse. The voice acting in this movie was just bad, it's like the voice actors just put no emotion into playing these characters. Everything else is fine in this movie up until the main character gets a different ...
First and foremost, I would like to delve into the key aspects that Blue Lock brings to the table. Following that matter, it can be argued that the anime has a rather questionable moral compass.. . Personally speaking, I couldn't help but draw comparisons between Blue Lock and Danganronpa. Although there are very obvious similarities in the plot, the show stands apart with its focus on the characters' perspectives. Unlike in Danganronpa, where Monokuma is almost always the common enemy of the group, in Blue Lock, Ego is portrayed as this wise mentor - almost like a deity and the real “enimies” of the players ...
Here a short modern review. ITS HORRIBLE. Had potential with all the relents but it’s so bad. I’m guessing horny kids or nostalgic ppl are the ones who hype this up. There titties in a couple episodes with some rapey vibes. The character development and overall common sense of the characters is 0/10. Everyone acts like a pussy even when their life is on the line. Just bad bro. But hey I had nothing to watch and seen all 13 episodes so maybe give it a go if you’ve got literally nothing else to watch or do.. . Characters 2/10. Sorry 6/10 (actually has potential with the ...
The anime is very bland and poorly written. Makes me want to just get over with it and finish it. The story is annoying since the whole show is just 2 characters trying to flirt and it's just the same thing over and over in every episode.. . Characters: feel like they are mono-tone, have no depth to them, very basic. Scenes are almost all in the same 2/3 places.. . The style of the anime is okay but its also very very basic, I have seen many anime and this was not enjoyable compared to others, in my opinion its not worth picking up.
If you're looking for a generic 5/10 fantasy story, skip to ep. 9. Because everything before that is some of the most vile garbage I have seen in a while.. . Story: 1. The main character is a literal child predator who gets reincarnated as a new born in a fantasy world. Which I'm not against, IF they do something interesting with it. But they don't. He just assaults lolis for 8 episodes straight. I have seen people claim that you aren't supposed to like him and that he is getting past his predatory ways, but he doesn't. At least not in this season. They also claim ...
interesting story premise executed mid af. starring a paper-thin characters you can't bother to care about other than how annoying they are and all the tiddies constantly flopping in your face cant fix these issues. im guessing this was an excuse to ship dragons and humans for the triumph of love or something like that. a heaping amount of pointless ugly 3d scenes as well, can't enhance the uninteresting combat sequences. tho i will say the first end theme is a banger and the soundtrack isn't bad. you might like it if you need a sleep aid, for which it works wonders, otherwise avoid it.
I liked the first series, it was comfy and heart-warming, the second season however has lost something.. It's pacing is bad, its writing is bad, and its heart has been ripped away, to quote The Godfather "look how they massacred my boy". . In Season 1 the Jamil family provided Ryouma with a surrogate family, they gave him love and support throughout, and provided much of the 'heart' in the series.. Their absence in season 2 is very much felt, it could have got around that by letting other characters step up a bit more, but it doesn't do that as we hardly get to spend any time with ...
With this anime, I just have to ask myself WHY?? The characters, except for a few, are nothing special and look visually poorly animated. The story is pretty 0/8/15 and seems to consist only of filler episodes, which don't even bring you closer to the characters' hearts or at least entertain you. I persevered through 100 episodes, and a handful of them were okay, but WTF, how can one ruin an anime that was so strong, had a huge fanbase, and had everything already? Shame on you.... . . Bei diesem Anime muss ich mich einfach nur fragen WARUM?? Die Charaktere sind bis auf ein paar nichts besonderes ...
Iruma-kun might be ranking up in school but the shows intended audience ranked down to like Pre-Kindergarten levels.. . The art was a step up from previous seasons but the plot lacked drama and the whole show seemed geared towards young kids more than ever. Previous seasons were enjoyable due to the plot and the drama, but this season felt very juvenile and slow. If you are looking for a show for ages 6-13 this will probably be enjoyable but I couldn't finish watching it. It's really unfortunate because I thought they had something going in S1 & S2, but it's clear they retooled the show ...
This was absolutely awful. I made it to the end of part 2 and gave up. I tried to give this an honest chance because it had so many good reviews, but I'm actually stunned and confused on HOW.... . The dull character personalities, zero reason for viewer connection and lack of tension in action scenes/plot 'developments' (feels like too much credit to even call them that) made watching this the equivalent of dragging my feet through glass in an attempt to reach, what I can only assume, is a non existent destination. The only thing that could've made it worse is if the male MC ...
I should mention first that the title of the anime is a lie. In a way it is very similar to the chilling in my 30s series, as both pretend to be chill/relaxing, but instead continuously have a LOT of combat/drama going on for the majority of the episodes. Most of it is low quality isekai template stuff, so don't expect anything.. . . Setting. In this world, god gives all living things something called "blessing". This is basically your "class" / "role" in role playing games. your blessing will actually affect your personality while giving you certain buffs and debuffs eg: a sword master blessing will make you ...
Do not watch the English dubbed version! The voice acting is just bad. The actor's cadence is just unnatural most of the time, with many weird gaps in sentences. I understand that one of the main goals is to match the lip flaps, but there were soooo many times where characters mouths weren't even visible and the cadence was still off. Even the inflections and sounds of the voice actors were bad. If it weren't for the fact that this started airing in 2019, I'd seriously think the voice acting was actually A.I. generated.. . I think the other reviews have adequately addressed the plot, so ...
My oh my, what the hell did I just witness.. . I've been watching the series season a day and no surprise- it was great. Loved the first 3 seasons and was ready to be blown away once again. It started great, first few episodes were a joy to watch. It was action filled, it felt more compact and made me thrilled for more. But then... Boom. They start explaining the ENTIRE past, plot and everything we have already seen with our two eyes. It lasted for such a long time that for the first time, I almost fell asleep durning this shi-.. The plot was idiotic and ...
I would never watch it if not for learning vocab and grammar.. The show has lots of high frequncy words so it is worth mining if it is your first anime.. After Clannad it was like a 10/10 anime but after 25 episodes (10 of which watched twice) I understood that we go nowhere.. . It is good for learning language, but apart from that it is... it is not bad. It's just. I can't even rate it and don't remember anything beside characters' main features. Panda eats bamboo, Shirokuma does feeble jokes, Anteater intimidates.. . If you learn language, go for it! Mine your first thousand! Mature 500 cards! ...
It was an ambitious concept of multiple ending, but felt average to me. I have seen both movies, this being the second.. It technically is the sadder ending, but it ain't that type of ending that will make you shed tears.. The story for both movies differ in terms of love interest and which parent MC choose to stay with after they get divorced.. . Story -. MC stays with Father, a research scientist, falls in love with the daughter of his father's colleague (step-mom). Due to a stupid misunderstanding and tragic accident, the girl dies and MC is determined to find a solution to revive her. ...
Simply put, Tondemo Skill de Isekai Hourou Meshi a waste of time. Being a series made by Mappa, also being an isekai, I figured this was an easy watch. It was not that, it was just a cooking show with a wolf, cool. 12 episodes with 0 plot, basically the only fan service was bright colorful food, which is the best part of the show, seeing the food. It's very rare to come across an anime that refuses to have basic storytelling, but Tondemo Skill de Isekai Hourou Meshi pulls that off. This is the lowest effort a studio can ...
It was an ambitious concept of multiple ending, but felt average to me. I have seen both movies, this being the first.. I wouldn't consider this a "Happy ever after" ending, but it is technically a more positive ending.. The story for both movies differ in terms of love interest and which parent MC choose to stay with after they get divorced.. . Story -. MC stays with mother, a normal citizen. MC goes to public school, falls in love with a smart girl. They played with the idea that both the guy and girl has actually switched places with their other selves multiple times in the movie, ...
I'll keep it simple: good art, trash anime. I rated it a 4 and had to force myself to finish it. And I'm not some isekai hater - I love isekai. This is just a bad one. It has really great character designs but that's about all it has going for it. Episode 9 is also a bit of a tear jerker, so if you enjoy that you might like that episode at least.. . The story's quite bad, and it's typical harem nonsense with no explanation - repeatedly. Chances are you'll be able to tell how bad the story is by the end of the first ...
Cutey Honey Universe was gonna fail from the start, it doesn’t matter the director, animation studio or whatever it is. It reached a point I can’t think the series will get an actual nice and REALLY faithful adaptation, it simply cannot be animated, and no, its not even because of the weird ecchi this series has. This anime is the last nail in the coffin of Cutey Honey, the anime that somehow could revive it, ended up killing it.. . The visuals are stale, the animation is ok and when it tries to really do something it plays safe or it feels off, you listen probably two ...
High Card's story is about a standard 52 deck set of cards containing magical powers. Once you gather all 7 Dragon Balls, you will have your wish--whoops, wrong show. Seriously, though, the story is just too generic for me to care about it.. . There was a lot going for it. The animation and art style is quite nice. Some fights are just done off screen, but the fighting scenes that the show decides to animate aren't bad at all. The colors, cuts, and choreography are all definitely above average. This show was not lacking in budget. The protagonist is charming. He's got a super ...
"Shallow" doesn't even begin to describe how unbelievable cringe this show is. Anne states that "the thought of marriage...living as someone's wife...I want to live my own life!" A solid two and a half minutes later, she basically falls in love at first sight. Hey, don't worry, we're just going to insert some insanely hot guy as a slave for an adolescent girl that's attracted to him. The premise around the fantasy setting around fairies and them being enslaved by humans is used only for an excuse for Anne to eventually own a hot guy elf slave for the romance.. . I get that this show isn't ...
Since I do not recommend this movie, I will keep this review short and concise without spoilers.. . What I enjoyed:. - The premise: this movie centers around the concept of parallel worlds. It's not the most exciting considering how often shows with this theme occur but nevertheless, we get somewhat of an interesting plot out of it. The implementation of this theme presents some mindboggling ideas that really gets you thinking. Although this theme is bound to create plot holes, it's pretty much a given at this point that you are supposed to overlook them and enjoy the story.. . What I did not enjoy:. - The story: there is ...
It started off so well!!! I’m not too sure what the creators were thinking towards the end. I think for any show, it’s easy to suspend your disbelief (no matter how unbelievable the fable), if the rules within the universe are well defined and adhered to throughout the entirety of the story. In the case of this anime, it was easy to suspend your disbelief initially. Some questionable aspects of skating on rocks down a mountain, but generally it was easy to get into. Then the primary antagonist up’d the ante by turning the competition into some sexualized fight club and the show went downhill ...
TL;DR gang bang fans only.. . One of the few times I've seen a hentai put so little effort into a story. From start to finish it hops from one gang bang scene to another with us knowing nothing other than some names and positions (like class president) of the people involved. The story seems to loosely follow a free use sex school or something along the lines of sex education. If you really like gang bangs though and want nothing else in your hentai, then this one is perfect for you. The animation and art are fairly good quality and there is a good mix of ...
Here's an anime you can ignore. It's weak and boring, it lacks action (yeah there is some, but it's quite lame), the plot is nothing special and the main character is a cheap Rambo knock-off, but not as cool and without the charisma of his genuine counterpart. So yes, basically the only things he shares with Rambo are the physical appearance, the attire and being a former special forces military guy.. . Animation is quite choppy, art is ok on par with other obscure OVAs from the 80s/90s, characters are mostly flat and the soundtrack doesn't shine; there's really nothing in this OVA that makes it ...
What is "elegance" in storytelling? In my opinion, I believe it is something simple: to respect the viewer's ability to understand. Their ability to perceive the emotional context of a specific scene, the thoughts of the involved characters, their feelings. It is purely human for others to assume what someone is thinking or feeling. Sometimes, it is an easy task. Sometimes, things are so much more complicated than they appear on the surface. But this struggle is exactly what makes a narrative engrossing, realistic, and even beautiful. To let the viewer discern for themselves, is to be elegant.. . And by all means, 86 is not an ...
Truly the most hypocritical anime I have ever seen. Despite that there are cute-looking males and females, the boy gets subjected to a sex change anyway. The anime is in fact controversial to anime fans since it gives the impression that "cute" means "being female", which should never be the case. "Cute" means "attractive in an endearing way". There is nothing endearing about Mahiro's sister drugging him into being a girl, him getting scared about going to the toilet, finding a bra size, or wearing the eros clothes. Even I know that the arching head with tall and round eyes together is a cute trait. ...
Well, let's just say I was super disappointed. This sequel was a downgrade from First Mix in almost every way possible. The biggest problem by far was the weak plot and a very huge number of characters who barely got any major development. The first season focused mainly on the rise of HapiAra and the 4 characters got a lot of development which made the season fun to watch. This season, however, tries to achieve the impossible task of developing multiple groups in just 12 episodes resulting in a confusing mess which wasn't fun to watch. The animation was as good as the first season ...
I mean, I wasn’t the biggest fan of this anime to begin with, but am I the only one who’s wondering what in the world happened with this season? Listen, my gripe with Tokyo Revengers has always been the same, and it’s no different with this season: restarting timelines, as a narrative mechanic, gets old real fast. I came into this season thinking it was time for something new to come out of this story, something with actual weight behind it that held my attention and didn’t simply get washed away and made irrelevant by the next timeline reiteration. I was not, as it turns ...
tl;dr Everything felt comparatively lackluster, and I think I would have been better off being satisfied with the first season.. . I was excited for this to come out. I really enjoyed season 1, even re-watched it a few times, and as a whole how it took a more laid back approach to the isekai genre as a whole. However, something was lost in this season, in both the animation and the plot.. . The animation budget looked stretched from start to finish, with easy to spot poorly made 3D models making rather prominent appearances. I'm no expert on anime to any extent, but the line art felt ...
Part three is perhaps the most iconic season of JoJo which despite leaving an undeniable impact on anime as a whole, fails to live up to modern anime standards and suffers from poor pacing and an inconsistent tone.. . For what it’s worth, part three starts out fine. The premise is interesting enough and stands are a unique power system that bring a good level of tension and excitement to the fights.. . The main issue this series suffers from is the pacing. The series starts out with Jotaro's mom, Holly, being afflicted with a serious, time sensitive, and life-threatening Stand which sets the plot in motion. You ...
Back when I first watched this in like, Idk, 2012 or 2013? I regarded this show peak comedy because it had naughty words and mostly relied on nonsense and otaku humor.. . Now that I have grown older and seen/read other raunchy comedy focused series I realized just how generic and annoying this series really is.. . Despite the ridiculous premise, ridiculous episode scripts and overall ridiculous humor it seems that either the author and/or the studio behind it did not realize they were writing something ridiculous and have the fucking gall to try and have some seriousness mixed into it.. . Now I originally wanted to put my ranking ...
Not gonna lie; this show was hard to get through. I cannot remember when I began it, but it took me about a year to watch all 12 episodes because I simply did not find joy in it after the first three. That is to say, certain parts of it are very funny; however, the same joke or punchline can only be done so many times before it is not funny anymore. I tried my hardest to watch it, but throughout the majority of it, my mind kept getting distracted, and I would pause an episode for 3 hours just to go on TikTok ...
What is wrong with the anime industry for real? This season honestly sucked. This particular anime has not been as bad as others, but still, the industry is going downhill. I like isekais and generic shows, but when something is overused, it just gets old. The art is mediocre, the setting is generic, and the main character... let's just say I had good hopes for him in the first few episodes, but in the end, they made him act stupid, generic, and boring. The last episode was just okay, with not-so-fancy effects on a very tight budget, everyone lived happily, and no one was killed. ...
Is it a sin for a show to do exactly what it advertised? If so, Revengers does deliver on it's title and synopsis and bears no sin.. . However, to anyone that does not want to watch a pitifully shallow and generic show about revenging random people in an episode of the week format, I would go elsewhere. To preface, I actually don't mind edgy shows like these, but Revenger really lays it thick for how lacking in substance it actually is.. . For a show about Revenge, I don't empathize with the victim. Isn't that the whole about why revenge is satisfying? I can't even empathize with the ...
I'll avoid spoiling any of the major plot points, but I'll tell you right now in case you're wondering: no, Shinji doesn't bone Misato. I know you're devastated, so am I. I thought this was going to be a great show about large robots fighting monsters and an MC who mans up and gets with his cute roommate, but I'm sad to say it isn't. Instead we have eight hours of characters moping around feeling sorry for themselves and five minutes of action so they can bait people into watching this with the promotional material. 4/10, trash tier Gundam show. Go watch Iron Blooded Orphans ...
Imagine this show but with the soundtrack replaced with a compilation of Hannah Montana's B-side tracks and you'll realize this show is all style and no substance. The soundtrack carries it a bit but the plotline itself is incomprehensible. The characters are shallow and all seem to hate each other yet the show wants you to care about them and their relationships. It reminds me of those Family Guy episodes where the characters blabber a bunch of vitriol at each other and then MacFarlane has them smile as if to say 'it's all good, I still love you' and expects the audience to buy into ...
I decided to look up rugby anime after i finished watching All Out! Which if you don't know is another rugby anime- i won't lie I've never played sports before and usually don't care much for them but i like watching anime sports- and Try Knights is well pretty bad compared to other sport anime-. . It doesn't explain anything about the sport, doesn't even show a full team of rugby players which from all out i know is supposed to be 15 players- it doesn't even explain the players position other then mentioning the fly half- nothing about the backs and fowards or wingers or ...
I was so disappointed by this anime. I hear a lot of people hate Trigger for ruining shows with bad endings, but honestly I still really enjoyed Darling in the FranXX, Kiznaiver, and Cyberpunk Edgerunners. Unlike those animes that were hurt to varying degrees on account of their bad endings, PROMARE was bad throughout.. . Characters: All of the characters were boring and one-dimensional. 1/10. . Dialogue: The dialogue was incredibly basic failing to amuse me with every one of its jokes. This is probably the show's weakest point since the pain of trying to read what feels like the same few lines being spoken for even a ...
Don't waste your time. Seriously.. . Never watched an anime before that had so little to it than this one.. The story was neither unique nor had any ingenuity to it.. It's a generic "Boy loves girl but tells himself he's [quote] worth less than the dirt on her shoes [quote end]" story.. There's no real background to the characters, nor any development.. If you like love-triangles go for it. Just imagine a soup that has neither taste nor anything at all in it.. Just a bowl of warm water. That's "Gamers!" for you.. There's way better options out there if you want to watch romance anime, I even consider giving Golden Time ...
First and foremost, I am surprised this is still getting sequels given how poorly it was received even in Japan. The premise is bizarre and borderline inappropriate for a kodomo anime. The main protagonist, Butt Detective, is a literal anthropomorphic butt who investigates crimes by sniffing out hints and solves cases by farting on criminals. This concept is not only juvenile but also crass, leaving a bad smell in one's nose from the get-go, and it doesn't help when the main antagonist is a literal piece of shit.. . As for art, with the exception of a few beautiful static landscapes, the animation and character designs are ...
Complete waste of time. I really can't imagine how this season can claim to cover 3 whole volumes of the source light novel when all its content boils down to a showoff joke of a "war" and little else. I guess it just means the light novels are not any good either. There is only one noteworthy event in all of it, the so to say "origin story" of a potentially interesting character combo in the future, Princess Renner and her pet.. . There are also a few other countries which the MC accidentally conquers as he stumbles around, but that feels just like a side ...
This anime is excellent. Especially the music and sound effects are great. The main character is a baka, like every shounen.. . . But it's just one thing that makes me hate the whole anime: Inconsistency in the number of episodes and the content. We only watch one arc a whole season. There are always long stares in the episodes. Some scenes are just like a slide show. If you want to tell everything, increase the number of episodes to 50. If you're going to make 12 episode seasons, summarize instead of telling everything, idiots. I am really angry. It's like I'm watching One Piece, which has 12 ...
Tokyo Revengers S2 is actually impressive. Impressive in the sense that it manages to be worse than season 1 in every aspect, which is saying something considering how laughably bad the writing and animation were at some points. I debated whether or not a review was even worth it for this dumpster fire, but I decided I’d air my thoughts out on this disaster. This will not be my most eloquent review, but it’s how I feel.. . Season 1 was serviceable. The story wasn’t the strongest, but the yankee gang setting was new for me and the mystery of Hina’s murder was enough to keep me ...
I watched this years ago and I just can't forget how bad it was. If I could rate it 0, I would. I don't understand how there are people that enjoy this anime.. . Right off the bat, the whole story is that the main girl is fat (therefore, unattractive), then starves herself because her favourite character died and suddenly becomes skinny (therefore, attractive), and all the boys in school are into her. So if only the young girls watching this just Starve themselves, they'll Finally completely change their appearance and be Attractive (which, of course, you can't be if you're fat).. . And as if this isn't ridiculous ...
Whatever attempts it had on conveying the optimistic side of human relationships and the acceptance of connecting with oneself and with others as a way to achieve emotional growth was stale at best. It had messages that, despite being oversaturated, were still beautiful and helpful. At least, hypothetically. Say I Love You falls short in creatively telling a story about a high school misanthrope without any friends and a romantic partner and her daily school adventures with your quintessential campus crush and how they learn to acknowledge their scars, how to forgive ourselves, and how to trust. Already on the "pessimistic introverted female" and the ...
Another day, another mediocre Isekai...how many of these must we trough our way through before these average shows are the bane of the AniManga industry as it is today, being oversaturated with shit like these?. . Novelist Kiichi Kosuzu's Saikyou Onmyouji no Isekai Tenseiki a.k.a The Reincarnation of the Strongest Exorcist in Another World, is exactly what it sounds like: the same dumbass power fantasy Isekai that you've seen a thousand times over, wondering why does Japan love the hell about shit like these that the rest of the world know not of its demise. Unfortunately, being people that don't dictate how the AniManga industry works, we ...
To Your Eternity Season 2. Kind of boring honestly. The emotional impact of the first season is gone. Fushi's character development never goes past where he left off. He's still basically a mindless, bumbling infant who never understands anything. He's just a walking plot device. The first half of the season is him experiencing hundreds of years of travel and reading, gaining no new friends, no new experiences, and definitely zero amount of wisdom or self-discovery. Eventually he goes on a training arc, and defends a large city-state from a horde of nokkers, but there's zero suspense since he's immortal after all.. . The first season was ...
A huge disappointment the first season was somehow bearable but this season is absolute thrash. Not only are the jokes not funny and overused, but you will also even lose track of what is happening. The show has a very poor story, with many unlogical things.. Dont watch this show, here are the reasons:. The animation quality is subpar, with lazy character designs and generic backgrounds.. The pacing is all over the place, with important plot points being rushed while filler scenes drag on for way too long.. The characters are one-dimensional and lack any real depth or development.. The worldbuilding is practically non-existent, leaving the viewer with no real ...
Since this is season III already, writing or reading reviews is quite pointless. What else do you expect them to say than simply "more of the same"?. . If you watched the previous ones and found them at least somewhat bearable, you will watch this one as well regardless of reviews.. . I actually thought this season started much stronger than the last one. No silly lizard love stories and soap operas, no pointless battles between hard-to-keep-track-of characters and downright made-up villains... Until suddenly, the utterly stupid and annoying "Foresight" arc happened. So of course the score for this season can not be anything but 1.
I rarely write reviews but... wow, I'm very disappointed. I feel like I just wasted 2 hours watching this movie, or rather cartoon for kids, because it was so poor. Hahhhh... please give me these 2 wasted hours back. That's all I can say honestly. It was just terrible. I love Tensei Shitara Slime Datta Ken series but this movie was extremely inferior. It wasn't interesting, it wasn't funny, it wasn't enjoyable. And since I'm sleepy I almost fell asleep watching it. And the music didn't fit in most scenes. 'Someone's dying? - Okay, let's put some circus music there'! Yeah, such a good choice... ...
How horrible, my 10 year old cousin can do a better script summarizing volumes 4, 5 and 6 of the light novel, the guys destroyed the whole sequence of events, destroyed any meaning by adding a bunch of nonsensical scenes referencing JoJo, a forced and irritating comedy, I who read the light novel feel sorry for the author, I hope they don't ruin the Isekai de Cheat Skill anime that premieres in a few days the same way they did with Shinka no Mi. Both works are by the same author. The characters had no construction, all their motivation was removed in exchange for comedy, ...
"The nothing isekai". . A show literally filled with nothingness. It borrows some ideas from various other shows, then does nothing with them.. . First up of course is the farming aspect, since it's already right there in the title. Well, it's just as interesting as one wave of the hand with a magical "All-purpose Farming Tool", then pretending you actually did some work. Nothingness incarnate.. . Then for another example, it pretends to have a harem aspect at first, with tons of different races and personalities for the waifus-to-be, directly talking about how they need to repopulate their tribes and stuff, then we just see the MC complain about ...
TL:DR; "This anime made me question my sanity and taste in anime. At points I thought I was hallucinating because the show had a Dora the Explorer vibe to it half-way though for some reason. Overall, I wish I could use the main bad guy's ability to erase this fever dream of a sequel from our world.". . I hate this anime with a passion, which is a shame, because I somewhat enjoyed the first season. Shin Shinka no Mi: Shiranai Uchi ni Kachigumi Jinsei is a nightmare of a sequel. It follows the same formula as the first season, with Seiichi Hiiragi and his harem of ...
Now I usually don't mind trashy Isekai but holy shit this was on another level, this had me questioning my own sanity. The overwhelming cringe had me actively looking away multiple times per episode. The pacing was waaaaayyyyy too slow and had me questioning what the actual fuck I just watched. Character development started well but somewhere in the middle it just stopped and became some god-awful singing bullshit. Please for the love of everything that is holy DO NOT WATCH this cringefest. By far the single worst piece of media I have ever consumed, finishing this anime has made me reevaluate my life and ...
One of the worst anime of 2021 gets a sequel. What the hell, SERIOUSLY, WHAT. THE. HELL.. . Novelist Miku's Shinka no Mi has dived deep into the rabbit's hole for one reason and one reason only: it knows NOT the meaning of "bottom of the barrel", SO HARD that this season, the sequel goes into overdrive of what made Season 1 "so bad it's good". Thinking about Season 1 now, I'd feel that it was a masterpiece when compared to this accursed season being given "The Promised Neverland" treatment, which I'm more than happy that this is the case for the sequel: to crush its potential ...
In my opinion,there are two types of storytelling that can truly irritate audiences: Either the authors(or anime production teams) have no clue what they are doing, or they try to tell the story in the way they aren't capable of and, predictably, it fail miserably. In the case of spy classroom, It reach both of the "irritation standards" in one single work. Which is kind of impressive (but in the wrong way).. . From the beginning of the story, you can already see that the production team have lost their direction. First they try to convince you that this is a serious story about spy girls saving ...
not worth your time, there are many, MANY, other Ecchi anime worth watching. This show will just have you questioning why the developers and producers decided to make an anime about border-line Beastiality...main character does not capitolize on situations a normal person (given the opportunity) would. the side characters are boring, and bland and have basically no development. the story is not expanded on until the last minutes of episode 12, so you'll be checked out for the entire series. Lastly, there is no pay off at the end, no resolution to the main characters problem of being turned into a dog, so we have ...
Over rated.... . Pompous generic Isekai whereby the guy gets reincarnated after being too stunning in his previous life so they murdered him.So he decides to keep low profile but that didn't last long due to his natural tendency to interfere and forget his own words, now he back pedals behind the hero while being better in all avenues.. . Somehow he can use previous life shamanism in his new life with no practice or experimentation. Just plug and play mentality.. . Also nobody around him questions it or finds it suspicious that he invented a new magic that over powers all other magic & which has never ...
Take up a subject matter for writing a story, think up 5 creative thoughts within the subject matter, now string them together and place them contiguously. Can you get an interesting plot worth your time? If yes, you'll like tonari no seki kun. If no, you're the audience that's the target of my review.. . While the abovementioned is not a perfect analogous comparison, it's to give you an idea of what I'm about to say. Tonari no seki kun is flawed in that it does exactly what its synopsis claims it does and does it religiously. The 'setups' that seki-kun conjures up, mostly on his ...
Plot:. . The story is about a kid who attends some magical school where everyone is from a distinguished family of sorcerers, he is the only one who is of regular lineage. The first few episodes there is a lot of talk about this "Ordinary" student who is attending, a lot of the other students are skeptical, some are even looking down on him, only a few don't mind who he is. Over the course of the series, the protagonist wins the hearts of everyone and becomes involved in some high-scale conspiracy.. . ====================. Characters:. . The protagonist can be best described as a Mary Stu, he literally shows no flaws ...
Story - This OVA is pretty lazy. It's literally just them trying to make a promotional video for the Jet Racing Association. It's really just a promo for the PS4 game I believe. No racing is to even be had in this OVA. There's different fan service tropes thrown in. Attempts were made at throwing various storylines in and some character development but the OVA just ended up feeling like a jumbled mess.. . Sound - It's ok, English dub is funny because of redneck main character. Opening and ending are forgettable but catchy.. . Animation - Watch for the "plot".. . My original Kandagawa Jet Girls opinion still remains: ...
Almost every moment that could be cute and/or wholesome is ruined when you remember the context that this is literally the mind of an adult man in the body of a little girl, which is frustrating because the age difference is basically completely unnecessary. If you remove that (either make them become an adult female, or have them be a child pre-transformation) this would be a whole lot less off-putting. Besides that, there's also an excessive amount of unnecessary fanservice, and that, in combination with the age difference thing, ruins so much of the show's intended wholesomeness. I can understand trying to look past some ...
Summary. This season had its fill of Isekai anime, and I will add this one to that pile. Yes, I can already hear you saying; "but this isn't an actual Isekai.". . Sure, you may technically be correct, but for all practical purposes, it follows the same general line of story and plot beats, so it may as well be one.. . The old king dies after a long and honorable life building up his nation and making it prosperous for his subjects. As he dies he gets a favor from the goddess for a life well lived, and onto his next life he goes. Or rather, onto the next ...
Ayakashi had an interesting idea. It then descended into a boring, stupid mess of an anime.. . Story - 2. . The story had good potential and could've been a great dark anime but the execution felt extremely rushed and ruined the whole series. The story shows the protagonist Yuu who has some mysterious powers at a cost... Draining the life of the user. Yuu now uses his powers to beat up anybody who decides to use their power for evil. Now the story seems to be pretty interesting except stuff happens so fast that there isn't enough time to develop anything.. . It tried to be dark, suspenseful and cool ...
Arifureta is isekai trash that seems to have taken the trash part a bit too literally. Overall it's a bad anime with a main character edgy enough to change hair colour, tokyo ghoul style, in the first episode. If you don't mind edgy characters you could try the first episode but if you don't like that, it doesn't get much better.. . The story isn't great. Ironically enough there do seem to be some truly interesting concepts in the world but they aren't adequately explored. The story seems to be driven less by the main character but moreso by random things happening around him that he ...
Gurren Lagann: Childhood's End, is the first Gurren Lagann movie and more or less acts as a recap and retelling of the first half of the plot from the anime combined into one. The movie, as mentioned, mainly serves as a retelling, putting all the major episode plots into a single story which amounts to just under two hours, while the minor elements are either not present or combined into a montage, with one exception by the end. However, depending on how one felt about the main series and their patience level, this can either come off as a blessing or a curse. Themes and ...
Spyroom is sadly yet another example of a really good Light Novel series that gets a subpar anime adaptation intended to push sales of the source material, rather than actually doing the story justice.. . Given it was studio Feel, I was always apprehensive about the Spyroom adaptation and had my doubts, but I tried to be as optimistic as possible. Unfortunately, I was wrong. The pacing and direction of this show were just awful.. . Even if you take out the adaptation aspect, it’s painfully obvious that the show breezes over important details and omits content. On top of that, the studio made the decision ...
This show had the potential to be decent, but ended up being the massive disappointment of the season. The first three episodes basically doomed it, and even though the second half was comparatively better, my interest had already waned too much. It had the makings for a decent series, but the adaptation of the first volume of the light novel (first seven episodes) was just baffling, because they showed all their cards in Episode 3, and they did flashbacks for character development after the supposed climax, which felt so out of place. Without this poor structure in the first arc, I would definitely have enjoyed ...
The anime lives up to what it sets out to do, the angel next door does indeed spoils Amane rotten. Unfortunately the dialogues in this show are so bland and awkward that I had to pause the episodes frequently because the cringe was too much to handle. It genuinely made me feel physically uncomfortable.. . Here's an example situation of the daily lives of the leads:. . Amane: "Mahiro, could you please pass me the salt?". Mahiro: "Here, Amane-kun." *Mahiro's finger touched Amane's hand for a millisecond, they both blushed*. Amane: "Mahiro, having you here makes me feel really thankful, if you weren't here, who would pass me the salt?". Mahiro: "Amane-kun, ...
This pains me to write but Vinland Saga season 2 is a huge disappointment. I am a huge fan of the series but Season 2 just might have some of the worst pacing, characters, acting, and directing I have ever seen in an anime of this caliber. I won't go too into details, just watch the show for yourself and you can see, but my main issue with the show is the characters. My problem isn't the lack of action, the new characters are just about the most unlikeable people in all of anime.. . Two characters in particular bother me the most: Einar, who takes ...
This is an isekai type show that's actually held back quite a bit by it's own gimmick. The two high school kids, and especially the girl of the pair, are just so insufferably obnoxious it ruins what otherwise would have been a cute romance story about tsundere princess. There's still an alright enough story there under the surface, but you have to muck through so much to get to it it's almost just not worth it. By the end of the show I was literally skipping through any scenes where the high school kids were talking, a tactic I highly recommend if you want to ...
Man what a letdown. It was a pretty decent original fantasy show; and I give a smidge more leeway to original projects since they are taking a bigger risk too.. . Premise was suitably interesting to keep me going through the show. Cast was likeable enough and had some decent story beats in it. Could have focused a little more than it did but that would have been a nitpick had it not been for that last episode. I was thinking as the episode was wrapping up; it's okay, I've seen worse, then they piss me off in the last 30 seconds to make the mildly ...
I just cannot understand why this anime has so many positive reviews. Maybe it was a different time when the anime released, so people liked it at that point? I have to drop this at ep 9 because there seems to be no chance of this improving.. . Plot. MC is a god tier gamer who can conquer any girl in (dating simulation) games. He accidentally accepts a contract with a devil (our female MC) to help capture souls which ran away from hell. these souls settle inside a girl's heart, and souls can only be extracted if the girl falls in love and kisses someone. So, the ...
I absolutely loved the first season of this series. I think it's one of the better Isekai animes, but this series felt very flat to me. I don't know if I was becoming delirious or if the characters seem to be getting dumber and slower by the episode. The indecision of all the characters led to a confusing plot unraveling. I felt like I wasted my time.. . A lot of the characters that I loved during the beginning like Lutz and Ben-merchant and Otto became almost background characters in this season. Although I can't even tell you who became the supporting roles. I'm not even sure ...
With every season I watch this series I can't help but notice that the same formula works worse and worse, to the point of completely falling flat. Let me explain what feels wrong with Stray dogs.. First, following the already existing pattern, we have flashbacks. Way too lengthy flashbacks that add nothing to the story for two simple reasons: they are too ordinary and they add nothing to the character in question. By being ordinary I mean that there would be no difference if the story of the flashback was set in the present, as the plot of said events doesn't differ in any meaningful way ...
The first part of this review is about how I feel. The second about the actual show.. . This Anime is for me the most disgusting show I've ever seen. The minors we're supposed to be attracted to sexually abuse the dog. I don't care, if he's a transformed human. The girls don't know that, when they use him to masturbat. I don't know why something like this got an Anime and they should cancel the Manga or move it to a R18 fetish Magazine.. . The Main Character finds himself with a new body. Buuut its a dogs body and he ends up being adobted. The show is ...
I think this is getting such high scores based on the last 4 episodes.. . This series starts off disjointed, with horrible pacing, bad character introductions, no setup, and essentially a hot mess.. It continues this way for the first 6 episodes. Then you get 2 "not quite as bad" episodes, by this point you sort of know who everyone-everywhere is but a lot of them you just don't give a damn about. Then the last 4 episodes are actually decent. Probably worth a 7.5 rating. But it isn't worth sitting through 8 episodes of hot mess to get there.. . The ...
Demon King Daimao. Completed March 2023. TV, 12 episodes, dubbed. Not Recommended. . >>>>>Let’s make this one quick, seeing as we both have better things to do than waste any more time on this extremely budget anime. It passed the three episode test, albeit barely, so I felt the need to power through and finish it to see if it goes anywhere. Yeah.... . It doesn’t.. . . ...
I really like transferred to other world etc and this actually showed promise of being good but after watching season one and the stupid guild members with there antics and costumes I thought yeah that was a real downer. (They reminded me so much like watching the stupidest episodes of South Park years ago that made your stomach turn) So season 2 comes out and it dragged along and no guild members yet so it was watchable, but then one appeared and yeah dropped the show them, no more interest in that one for me, it's dead. Only joined up so ...
The sorty is highly predictable.. The protagonist is whiny to the point of almost unbearable.. Characters are cookie-cutter tropes, get little to no development, instead, we are served a bunch of sides we couldn't care less about (their stories also go nowhere); people doing stuff that made them rather unlikable but somehow we are supposed too feel for them.. The art was OK, even though kind of boring after a while. Too much flash, not enough substance.. The show ends with cheap and undeserved feels in the last episode.. . You may perhaps enjoy this anime if you like 'Emo' main characters or perhaps ...
starts out kind of promising but quickly goes downhill and turns into crap. only finished watching it to pad my mal list lol.. . characters are bland. especially our main character which is just a battle junky done very poorly. the concept of a battle junky can and has been done very well but this one just comes off as empty.. . story and fights are also insanely predictable and boring.. . i dont really think anyone past the age of 12 will watch this anime and enjoy it. overall there are worse series than this but its definitely worse than most. ima give it a 4/10.
Gurren Lagann Parallel Works 1 is not an easy series to describe. While it's easy to say that a good share of the episodes may be objectively or subjectively bad, this is often complicated by being wrapped in layers of symbolism or obscure messages that were unclear. Technically, everything here wouldn't really qualify as "anime", and is more along the lines of music videos. That said, with no way to actually tell apart what's really intended and what's supposed to be subverted, it gives the necessity that things be taken at face value if only for simplicity's sake.. . With all that said, the series was unfortunately ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Well, I must say that Death Parade is quite an interesting anime. The story revolves around a mysterious bar called Quindecim, where souls who have died are sent to be judged by a bartender named Decim. He challenges them to various games to determine whether they will be reincarnated or sent to the void.. . The main characters, Decim and his assistant, a female mannequin named Chiyuki, are both intriguing and well-developed. Decim's stoic demeanor and Chiyuki's emotional struggles add depth to the story.. . The music in Death Parade is also noteworthy, with a hauntingly beautiful opening theme and a fitting score that ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Oh, Death Note: ReWrite, The story is so well-written, with its complex characters and intricate plot twists that keep you on the edge of your seat. The main character, Light Yagami, is a true genius and his battle of wits with the equally brilliant detective L is simply enthralling.. . The music in so - so. but I especially loved the opening and ending themes, which were so catchy and memorable.. As for my enjoyment experience, well, let's just say that I couldn't get enough of Death Note: ReWrite. Every episode had me hooked, eagerly waiting to see what would happen next.. . The story ...
As a fan of Trigun for years, having watched the 1998 version as a child many many years ago and having rewatched it several times since I can say quite a few things about this show. None of them are good. The animation is atrocious. The character designs look like rejected Valorant agent designs. The story is your very typical dark and moody nonsense. I tried to give this a decent chance but after 3 episodes of the horrible CG, the terrible animation, the inferior story, and wondering why Vash looks like he should be using an ultimate skill to ...
Below you will find a Spanish version of this review. The following text is written in English. English:. Shoujo Shuumatsu Ryokou, also known as Girls' Last Tour, is an anime that presents a post-apocalyptic world in which humanity is on the brink of extinction. The story follows Chito and Yuuri, two girls who travel on a motorcycle and are the last survivors of a city devastated by war. Throughout their journey, Chito and Yuuri explore the remnants of human civilization in search of food and parts for their motorcycle, while reflecting on the world they once knew.. . In terms of animation, Shoujo Shuumatsu Ryokou stands out for its ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Well, where do I even begin with the masterpiece that is Date A Live Movie: Mayuri Judgment? The story is an absolute tour de force, weaving together complex themes of love, fate, and the nature of reality itself in a way that will leave you breathless. The two to three main characters are simply unforgettable, with their nuanced personalities and intricate relationships driving the narrative forward with the force of a freight train.. . And let's talk about the music. Oh, the music! It's a symphony of sound that will take you on an emotional journey you'll never forget. From the hauntingly ...
On a conceptual level I think this brought enough new ideas to the isekai genre that it was worth watching just for the freshness. Being able to come and go between this world and a fantasy world + having a character predominantly motivated by money + the mc’s super power is a glock = a formula for a good time; sadly the execution here wasn’t great, with some episodes having borderline awful animation. The story had enough bad plot/story developments that it sadly outweighed whatever positive base the premise had going for it. And the worst offender is this series REPEATS. REPEATS EVERYTHING. The MC ...
An interesting Donghua (Chinese anime). With short episodes (10 to 12 minutes each) and average story. What can you do both seasons in just 3 hours. But the problem is that the audio of this anime sucks (yes, I know that some kid will ask - or say - if/that the version of Anime Fire is bad. NO, IT IS NOT! I use 247 tabs in the browser and More than 30 of them are from different anime sites and they are all at that level, INCLUSIVE, THE ONLY site I found to download the original version - not subtitled - of the anime in ...
Wow, what a trainwreck of an anime. This anime managed to disappoint me more than I thought it could, and it turned into the all time worst Digimon series. This show actually had a lot of potential, but most of it was wasted down the drain. Let's break it down.. . Digimon Ghost Game starts off pretty well, introducing us to an interesting cast of main characters alongside their equally endearing partner digimon. For the first 10 or so episodes we get an episodic approach where we see the first digivolutions, i.e the Champion/Adult level digivolutions, for all 3 main digimon. We've seen other Digimon anime do ...
The anime "Otonari no Tenshi-sama ni Itsunomanika Dame Ningen ni Sareteita Ken" or "The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten" was just pathetic and unbearable.. Art:. Art and animation in my opinion are very important. When I watched the first episode, I couldn't believe my eyes, it was hideous. I didn't even believe that it was aired in 2023, the art was just appalling, shockingly horrible.. Story:. The story was just too dull. It tried too hard to become cute, wholesome romance anime, but sadly it failed. the character development was not convincing. The conversations between characters were robotic, I felt like falling asleep every time the main characters ...
Well I can certainly say I won't be missing this show in the slightest. It'd be passable at best if all I had wanted was some visually bland wish fulfillment thing but coming in hoping for any level of decent romance it's been a complete failure.. . Source readers run around talking about it being a slow burn but really their relationship had just stagnated and been padded out for episode after episode with barely any actual genuine developments beyond just enough of a tease each time at there being something concrete happening to move them beyond this "absolutely not at all definitely not basically already dating ...
Let me be clear i gave 1 more points for the boobs , wich is why this anime is good at.. Other than that the zoophilia aside, the story had some funny and interesting plot IF they would have followed through with more context to the story.. There was no substance to the anime . I have seen some FU*cked up anime before, with Lolicon ( Dance the Vampirebund) and or Goblin slayer wich had R*pe scenes in it and no one bats an eye so to say the zoophilia plot is what kills it , its just being unfair.. The story it self was anticlimactic till the ...
Kaijuu no Kodomo is the personification of a teenager smoking weed for the first time and spilling into incoherent babble about life and the universe. "Duuuuuuuuuuuuuude the seas and the stars are one... We're all, like, totally connected." Without any hint of self-awareness, prattling on about romantic-sounding yet entirely vacuous germs of ideas about "listening to the song on the winds," "we're all made of the same matter... whoaaaaaa..." and other such flowery, inconsequential drivel. The characters and plot are superficially there to laboriously drone on about shallow musings on life and the universe. What little there is in terms of ...
Overall: Didn't like it..... . Story:. Story itself isn't that bad but I just can't get hooked up with it.After watching for some episodes,I didn't find the story too fascinating.Also didn't like the way it presented it.. . Animation:. Animation is pretty much good in my opinion.Liked the artstyle as it felt like classic shows. But after some episodes animation is also downgraded a bit.. . Characters:. Pretty much average... ...
The beast designs are really ugly, like your typical bad CGI models. The character appearances are really a major step down from the manga and LN and are really disappointing, the frowns and smiles they make can be really nasty at times. Not often do I feel this way but the voice acting in this show really got on my nerves, especially for some of the characters and kept making me feel like skipping their lines. Most of their jokes fall flat and straight down to the depths of the world. I get that it is trying to be comedic and want to make the ...
This show would have been better if it was just an edgy MC mindlessly killing tsukumogami to find revenge with some sort of perspective changes between characters or something. Instead, we have a very typical shounen show that doesn't try to do anything interesting.. . How do I say this? The whole handing of the situation around Hyouma is just shallow and without any depth. There's not much empathizing the grandfather gives or takes on, and instead he kind of just throws the emotional baggage towards a "good guy group" of Tsukumogami in hopes of reforming him. I'd say Hyouma already has a pretty good head on ...
This anime manages to fall short in every area. It has some great moments and sequences, but they're buried within a pile of rubbish. The writing is garbage, the animation is underwhelming, and it overall feels like a cheap attempt to copy the likes of Invincible, The Boys, and The Great Pretender--an attempt where the writers of this show completely missed what makes the others great. The show seems like it has promise in the first several episodes--the characters have interesting premises and the powers are creative--but it just keeps getting worse and worse in the middle.. . Super Crooks is a show that tries to ...
First of all, I hate the main character so much. Not because how airhead he is or how stupidly and crazily strong he is, but the voice is just pretty much annoying. The backsounds on every fight or scenes just feel so freaking cheap, and are re-used several times.. . This anime starts with a flashback that made him he is, and then as usual, op character and all, everything you can see or expect from anime that pushes very strong, a bit handsome hero with airhead feature and "what? Ah I think they are friends only" stuff. Anime like this really rages me.. . Then, the powers just ...
Overall Impression: Mononogatari is a battle shounen/romance that follows Hyouma, a young warrior monk (for lack of a better term) with a burning hatred for tsukumogami (spirits of inanimate objects) after watching his older brother and sister get killed by one in front of him. He is taken in by Botan, a girl that lives with several tsukumogami as a family, to let go of his hatred and learn that they aren't just creatures to be destroyed. The premise sounds more interesting than it actually ends up being though, this is a pretty run-of-the-mill battle shounen with an identity crisis and a total inability to ...
Project A-Ko was intended to be a sequel to Cream Lemon, one of the first hentai anime made. However, it was retooled into a parodic anime at the last minute and released as a double feature with Tabidachi: Ami Shuushou, the forgotten non-pornographic adaptation of Cream Lemon.. . Tabidachi: Ami Shuushou truly is not that bad, but not that good either. The 80s animation, as usual, is a visual treat, and the cool J-pop soundtrack is nice, if a bit generic, but the positives end there. The plot is unimpressive and borderline offensive, which one would expect from an adaptation of a porno. This movie includes ...
Compared to the first season it has a lot less action, so much so that you would expect at least the few fight parts to have a good animation but this is not the case, the slimes also have no relevance like the last season, it is much more focused on the Ryouma in his stores, I also thought that exchange of letters between Ryoma and Eliaria was unnecessary and they added so much character that I don't even want to know who is who.. . So if you want to watch something slower, that is more relaxing, you might like it but honestly, there are ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Alright, let's take a gander at Dakara Boku wa, H ga Dekinai, shall we? First off, let's talk about the story. It's your typical harem anime with a sprinkle of supernatural elements, and while it's not breaking any new ground, it's still a fun romp if you're into that sort of thing. I mean, who doesn't love a good old-fashioned love triangle, right?. . Moving on to the art style, it's not exactly groundbreaking either, but it gets the job done. The character designs are decent, and the animation is smooth enough. Nothing to write home about, but nothing to complain about ...
A pretty laid back, light comedy fantasy adventure anime.. The certified nice guy MC, Rein, is an adventurer of the "Beast Tamer" class, with the abilities to insta-tame beasts temporarily, or bind them to him permanently. However, since his skills don’t work on monsters, and due to an unfortunate lack of grizzly bears in the local forest, his DPS were too low, and he was kicked off his team. He then finds himself wandering the local woods, slaying some goblins who broke a fence, and stumbles into an ultra-super-rare catgirl, whom he promptly enslav- i mean, "tame".. . If you have ever played Pokémon then Reins next step ...
After first episode everything will be clear about the end of the show. Main character in depression but he is kind. His potential waifu material is sad but also kind. No intrigue no interesting moments only tasteless story about girl and boy who like each other but can't be together in first or second episode because anime has 12 episodes in season. Haven't read LN (or manga I don't care) so I can say only about anime. It's boring.. . I wanted to finish my review here but MAL ask me to add more details. So lets talk about this anime in comparison to other romantic comedy ...
Ive seen a lot of denegrate anime, by looking at my profile pic u can tell that....HOWEVER....Nothing comes close as this anime.. Why and who decided to greenlit this? I merely belive this anime was to made just to torture all of us.. You know what the worst part about this is? There is actual artistic effort in it..The characther designs-cute, Opening and ending song-SLAPS!, animation- pretty good.. I have witenessed the horrors of this seasons anime and Im afraid I cannot go back and unsee it.. When your dog loving crush loves dogs a little too much and you happen to just turn into a dog one ...
The entire premise of this show just bugs me to no end... First and foremost, the idea that a "striker" is the most important player on the field is a HUGE assumption that could be discussed in numerous ways, but I'll just mention the fact that goalkeeper seems to be ignored as a prime reason this show is already junk. Want to check basically any league? You'll find the teams with best keepers are the most winning. But, ok let's ignore that. WTF is a striker in modern soccer? Traditionally its a mid-foreward when you run an archaic offense that wouldn't win anything in modern ...
Date a Live. What a classic, right? This show started airing so long ago. But then, it got another season... and then another... and another... so people liked it, it seems! And so I wanted to watch it, curious as I was. Now, I'd like to believe that one of my talents as a viewer is to mildly discern whether a show will be good or bad just from its tags and the poster art. Needless to say, I didn't have my hopes up for this show, though surely, it could still be worth a try?. . No. No it wasn't, lol.. . Date A Live is a particularly ...
Not even the best history can save the worst MC!! ! Mushoku Tensei MC History in 2 Words: * Disgusting & Repugnant *. I still wonder why people like this so much, I read the manga adaptation when the release starts... the world is interesting and side characters are cool, but the MC is just fuc$% PEDO pervert! And he don't even try to hide it... I tried to watch the anime, because I still look at the manga, but wtf, it takes the level of being disgusting and repugnant to another level.. I can't like him(MC) not even a little, you saw the trailer ...
Decent concept but a lot of things are off about this anime. Weird and ultimately not entertaining for me. Every single character has to have some kind of gimmick to make them abnormal/deficient. And the way each character has a unique trait or foible almost makes them feel cliché or token instead of unique or having character. The short sketch nature of this show partly feels like a coverup for bad/lazy writing and not having to connect scenes or introduce characters. It also feels like it is tailored for people with very short attention spans. This show distinctly feels like it is made to ...
“Soredemo Sekai wa Utsukushii” aka “The World is Still Beautiful” is what happens when someone with a nail stuck in hippocampus tries to write a plot of a romance story.. . The premise is a bit cliche but interesting nonetheless. A princess from one kingdom gets sent to a different kingdom to become a wife to its ruler. Not necessarily original but not tragic. The twist is the princess has special powers that allow her to control wind and summon rain and the prince is an obnoxious twat.. . Nike Remercier is a 17 year old optimistic, energetic, a bit tomboyish princess from the dukedom of rain. Her special ...
Endings can make or break a piece of media. If done correctly, their legacy can be cemented in the pantheon of pop culture for ages to come. Conversely, community goodwill that’s been painstakingly built up for years can be undone in an instant.. . With that said…it is with a heavy heart that I bring you this bad news: Pokémon got the Game of Thrones treatment. If you’ve never watched Game of Thrones or read up on the angry fan backlash that ensued after the final season was over, I’ll get straight to the point.. . Ash’s final season was a pile of rotting, stinking dogshit. . If you ...
Blue exorcist was anime that has a great premise that I really like, 2 sons with the mother of a human and a father of Satan himself. With high expectations of this being as great as the manga but I guess the studio had other plans and decided to go their own route an try making it an anime ending. The characters were really bland and I didn't really came to like any of them but the only on i think had to most personality was rin and i think he is annoying. The animation style was really good for its time but ...
This show starts out decent like any other show, but like in the last episodes around after episode 5 this gets extremely boring. I actually forced myself to finish this. The story is decent but dragged out. Please don't watch this. This show is too bad and predictable. The characters had no depth in them. I guarantee that you will hate this show. The only reason I watched this was that it was a ninja story like naruto but this doesn't even come close to it and it is not a ninja show. The only good part about this show is its fighting, it is ...
A textobook example of a good idea with a bad execution. Boruto anime had a good idea, let the manga go ahead and focus on the main plot, while the anime stays behind and focus on side plots as well as improvements to the main plot.. So what went wrong? Well... it's an anime with nearly 300 episodes which less than 100 are actually worth watching. Lots of episodes have a children's cartoon script (character in focus has a problem, a bigger problem show up, character overcomes their problem which lets them overcome the bigger problem, everyone's happy, character development?). That's not to say it's all bad. ...
Makoto Shinkai’s pictures are still very good-looking. I don’t particularly like the soundtrack but it’s also top-notch. However, the plot and character design of Suzuya’s Journey are really bad. I couldn’t empathize with the characters from the beginning to the end, but I don’t regret deliberately I spent two hours sitting in the movie theater, because for me, Makoto Shinkai’s name carries weight, and if I don’t watch it, I always feel that something is missing and I feel uneasy.. . Before watching the movie, I read the comments on Douban, which let me know the slots of some movies in advance, and watching the movie turned ...
Season 1: It's a slice-of-life Iyashikei of an Isekai that's heartwarming and good in spots. Seems like it has potential for a Season 2.. Season 2: Why is this a goddamn Rune Factory-ish season of just growing business foundations?. . Novelist Roy's Kami-tachi ni Hirowareta Otoko a.k.a By the Grace of the Gods, back when it first came into the scene in Fall 2020, I thought it was kinda of a decent Isekai that explored the Iyashikei side of things with slimes and both human and demi-human relations for the once-deceased Ryoma Takebayashi, now onto the new world that he could manifest his powers for good and for ...
I don't really care for this anime, the first season caught my attention a tiny bit, but watching the second season felt like time was getting slower, each episode felt like an eternity, it wouldn't be so bad if the story wasn't so bland and unintersting, when the main character does something spectacular for the hundredth time it doesn't make it exciting, it's just like oh there's another power to the other list of powers this guy has.. . The characters are honestly in my opinion the worst part, they are so... what's the word... 1 dimensional? just gross, I would like some flavour, I know it's ...
"You don't get it, it is a healing isekai, it is not like other isekai" people told me when I didn't like the first season. So I checked the second one and to be honest - everything is now even worse and makes even less sense.. . First I will mention that production quality, that already wasnt stellar, now is just awful. While blured drawing as a background can be considered a style choice, terrible CGI in places noone ever asked for are neither a style nor a choice. Even if not CGI, there was a "combat scene" that was a set of 3 attacks that were ...
Got a headache while watching this. Also my eyes and ears are bleeding for obvious reasons. There's no way someone rate this at that high.. . Not unique, predictable, not funny, not enjoyable, terrible, ugly, disgusting, please don't make me write this and just pass, full of stereotypes, mockery of the series, abuse to an anime world, annoying and go outside or whatever. Worst half an hour in my life. There's no another word I can say about it.. . First point for being ToraDora, second point for self-irony, third point for absurdity. I am too kind for reviewing this thing. Go rewatch ToraDora.
Before I start this review, I just want to say that that the Trails games an absolute must-play if you are eager for some turn based JRPGs. Those aren't popular in today's mainstream genres dominated by Open World games, battle royales, and action RPGs. It's been long overdue since we get an anime adaptation announcement. And now that is here, what should we expect?. . The most important fact about Northern War that it does not adapt events or story from the mainline games. The main female protagnist Lavian is an anime original who got bought onto the TV screen. As part of the Northern Yeagers, we ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Well, well, well, what do we have here? It's the Bakuon OVA, an anime that's like a motorcycle ride through a rainstorm of mediocrity.. . Let's start with the story, or lack thereof. It's like a bunch of high school girls who love motorcycles, but not much else happens. It's like watching paint dry, if the paint was trying to be edgy and cool.. . The voice over work is decent enough, but the music is forgettable at best. It's like elevator music for people who don't like elevators.. Now, I know what you're thinking. 'But , what about the motorcycles? Surely the motorcycles are ...
After almost 6 years of mostly weekly new episodes, Boruto has come to a close... to its first part. It started airing very shortly after Naruto's story came to a conclusion and it had a tie in movie that it had to live up to. Did it manage to do it? No, not by a long shot.. . See, one of the main problems of having a weekly shonen that never seems to end is that once you run out of material to adapt you either choose to go the filler route or the anime canon route. The original Naruto went with the former and led to ...
Imagine yourself as one of the professional Japanese football players on the national team, and they just returned home after an exhausting World Cup game against Croatia, which ended in a 1-1 (3-1 on penalties) win for Croatia. They're frustrated that they couldn't make it any further and ended up being eliminated before the quarter's finals yet again. They turn on their TV, and the anime being exhibited is one about football; the very first line they hear is from a character named Jinpachi Ego; he's basically saying that Japanese football sucks because they lack a good striker, and that is due to the Japanese ...
Humans and demons have been at war for fifteen years. However, neither side had a clear advantage. "Hero", the greatest warrior of humans, leaves his comrades behind and storms the Demon King's castle alone. Determined to destroy the Demon King, the Hero sees a beautiful and attractive queen rather than a king. "The Demon King" offers to partner with the Hero instead of fighting because she also wants this war to end, but she thinks that the abrupt end of the war will do more harm to both sides. The hero finds the Demon King's words meaningful and accepts the partnership. Now, the common goal ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Well, well, well, what do we have here? It's Ansatsu Kyoushitsu Movie, And let me tell you, this anime is like a James Bond movie that's been stretched out to last an entire year.. . The premise is still absurd - a yellow octopus alien teaches a class of misfit students how to assassinate him, all while imparting valuable life lessons. But now, instead of a single season, we get to follow the antics of the class for an entire year.. . The action is still zany and over-the-top, and the characters are still lovable in their own unique ways. It's like a sitcom ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Well, well, well, what do we have here? Another anime to review, and this time it's Another: The Other - Inga. And let me tell you, this anime is like trying to navigate a minefield blindfolded.. . The story is intriguing, the characters are mysterious, and the horror elements are certainly there. But at times, it feels like the plot is trying to be too clever for its own good. It's like watching a magic show where the magician pulls a rabbit out of a hat, but then the rabbit pulls out a chainsaw and starts chasing you.. . And let's not forget the ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Good evening ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to a review of Angel Beats! Specials Now, this anime is a bit different from the main series, as it's more of a collection of extra scenes and character backstories than a coherent story in its own right.. . While it's certainly nice to get some additional insight into the characters and their motivations, the Special lacks the emotional punch and sense of cohesiveness that made the main series so enjoyable. Some of the scenes feel like unnecessary filler, and others simply don't add much to the overall story.. . That being said, fans of the series ...
The show is unrealistic, bland, and completely contrived.. . The character designs give me "background character energy". The girl is too unrealistic and seems to be written only as bait for lonely young boys who have zero experiences in dating women. She is deliberately written to appeal to vulnerable young boys and further distort their idea of how "girls" should be in real life, which sets them up for an incredibly disappointing dating life in the future. Meanwhile, the guy lacks any semblance of a personality and is just there as a surrogate for audiences to easily immerse themselves in this fantasy of a perfect girl loving ...
This show is very hopeful, telling a story of the world's most boring man finding love.. . Meet Amane, a man with no hobbies and interests, who walks listlessly through the world. Maybe it's hard to see the world with his black bangs blocking his eyes, and that's why he's so indifferent. Indifferent to school, indifferent to sports, and seemingly even indifferent to his best friend.. . And yet, he does find love. The most popular, the most pretty, and the best at cooking girl in the school falls deeply in love with his frowny-face-emoji personality. His great talent is sitting on his couch and eating her cooking. Isn't ...
This film had an interesting idea but fumbled the execution in so many ways. I personally would have preferred we follow the male lead as opposed to the female lead since his character has much more story and his bloodline has a lot of relevance in the plot. I still think the story could have worked with the female lead as intended but the pace should have been slower and the writing needed more development time since the story will constantly introduce new ideas then abandon them in the next few scenes for plot convenience. The characters are all forgettable and no one feels connected ...
Whether you've played the games or you just happened to come across this and you have no idea what this anime is, i do not recommend watching.. The explanation of the war in the game is so much more entertaining than this anime. Yes you read that right, a literal explanation is more interesting than this entire anime. Don't waste your time watching this.. If you were expecting more info on the war or what happened to Rean you're not getting much. Most of the series is spent on OCs travelling through Erebonia. The set up and internal conflict starts in the last few episodes and the ...
Winter 2023 is by no means a great season for anime, but from the very beginning I had my eyes dead-set on reviewing two anime. They were Oniichan wa Oshimai and Mahou Kakumei. But something called Real Life™ got in my way, and instead of writing shit, I spent my free time lying in bed, catching up on desperately-needed sleep time, half-awake and half-dreaming about some giant-ass pumpkin patch. It was pumpkins as far as the eye can see, with the hills and the valleys and the far-off mountains all textured with delicate orange stripes. Well, fuck pumpkins, fuck sleep, and fuck real life. Who ...
Watching, force-feeding, succumbing to Honey and Clover has been the most boring experiences I’ve had watching anime. The show is more thoughtful, more sensitive, more real than anything seen in mainstream anime, and at the same time is the least enjoyable, most dull, most tedious anime I have ever watched through all the way. Only after several attempts was I capable of finishing, the end result leaving much to be desired. It has flashes of brilliance, genuine warmth at times, and an insane amount of baggage and neurosis. It's like sitting in on someone’s therapy session.. . The start’s very good, the first episode is a treat ...
Short review with minimal spoilers.. . This anime is just your average romance anime involving your typical black hair outcast (Fujimiya) and the "flawless" girl who secretly has insecurities (Mahiru). It fails to stick out in any way and overall ends up being below average.. . There is no coherent plot and each episode follows a basic format of, Mahiru does housework and other stuff for Fujimiya, something happens and they both get flustered, Fujimiya is all distracted at school and his friend Itsuki teases him, and then the primary event of the episode happens which "deepens" the bond between Fujimiya and Mahiru. The only real "story" is ...
What do you get when you cross Shinkai Makoto inspired art direction, gorgeous animation, derivative storytelling, and some of the worst dialogue in history?. . Bubble!. . The visuals are a homerun. The animation is incredibly fluid and the parkour, which comprises all of the "action" of the movie, is a genuine treat to watch. The artwork too is seriously stunning, though some weird face close ups are kind of jarring with how much more detailed they can be.. . That's where the praise stops.. . Following the cold open, the first dialogue we hear is the most egregious exposition dump I've ever seen in any piece of fiction. I have never in ...
The anime version of The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten is poorly done and not worth your time.. . The story: Based on a light novel series of the same name, this shoujo-type romance hits many of the most common tropes in high school romance anime. The anime writers did a very poor job of editing the LN into something that would fit in a 12 episode anime season. At times the anime creeps along, just reciting dialogue from the LN. At other times, like in the season finale, the animators will cram scenes from different chapters or volumes together to try to get to ...
I love the manga and that's why i hate how the second arc is animated, i have to say IT'S HORRIBLE.. . First arc is well animated, they should've done something similar.. . AND I HATE HOW THE AURA LOOKS LIKE ISAGI IS SMELLING BAD, Rin's aura too, i didn't hate the season overall, so you're probably wondering why 1 out of 10, Manga is extremely epic, so it's normal to expect Anime being even better or at least the same, but it is not. . So i recommend you to read the manga, or not, i've seen people that liked the anime, this is just my opinion, i can be ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Hello, and welcome to an anime that's about as bland as plain oatmeal. I'm talking about Amaama to Inazuma, an anime that tries to be heartwarming and endearing but falls short in almost every way.. . The premise of Amaama to Inazuma is fairly simple. Our protagonist, Kouhei, is a single father raising his daughter, Tsumugi, on his own. When Tsumugi expresses an interest in cooking, Kouhei enlists the help of one of his students, Kotori, to teach them both how to make delicious meals. Along the way, they form a makeshift family and learn important life lessons.. . Unfortunately, the execution of this ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Hello, and welcome to an anime that's about as tasteless as airline food. Yes, I'm talking about Akikan!: Kan Ippatsu!? Onsen Panic, an anime that tries to be both ecchi and comedic but fails to hit the mark on both counts.. . The premise of Akikan! is that certain types of soda cans can transform into girls, known as Akikans, when exposed to certain stimuli. Our protagonist, Kakeru, accidentally buys one of these cans and finds himself drawn into a battle between other Akikans. In this particular OVA, the gang ends up at a hot spring resort, where the usual hijinks and ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Hello and welcome to another anime review that's about as exciting as watching paint dry. That's right, I'm talking about Akikan, an anime that's about soda cans that turn into girls. Yes, you heard that right. Soda cans that turn into girls.. . The premise of Akikan is as ridiculous as it sounds. Our protagonist, Kakeru, purchases a can of soda that turns out to be a living girl, and she's not the only one. As it turns out, there's an entire world of these 'Akikans,' and they're all vying for supremacy in a battle that's about as interesting as watching two ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Ladies and gentlemen, today we're talking about a show that's almost as forgettable as the last time we reviewed a mediocre anime. That's right, we're looking at Accel World: Infinite∞Burst, a movie that tries to expand on the world of the original Accel World series but ultimately falls short.. . Set in a future where technology has advanced to the point of creating a virtual world, Accel World: Infinite∞Burst follows the story of Haruyuki Arita, a young boy who enters this virtual world to escape the hardships of his real life. Along the way, he meets a cast of forgettable characters and ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Ladies and gentlemen, today we're going to take a look at an anime that's about as exciting as watching paint dry. Yes, I'm talking about Accel World Ex, an anime that manages to be both convoluted and boring at the same time.. . Set in the same world as its predecessor, Accel World, this anime follows a new set of characters as they navigate a virtual reality game called Brain Burst. The game promises to grant players incredible powers, but at a steep cost. Unfortunately, the plot is so convoluted and poorly explained that it's hard to care about anything that happens.. . The ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to an anime that's about as exciting as a Sunday drive in a 1998 Toyota Corolla. Yes, I'm talking about Accel World, an anime that tries to combine virtual reality with high school drama but ends up falling flat on both counts.. . The story of Accel World revolves around a young boy named Haruyuki, who is introduced to a virtual reality game called Brain Burst that allows him to accelerate his perception of time. He soon finds himself embroiled in a world of virtual combat and political intrigue, all while trying to navigate the ...
At first glance, Blue Lock seemed refreshing. A breakout from the typical sports anime formula of growing as a team to overcome all odds.. A bunch of high schoolers living inside a megabuilding to cultivate a world-class striker. They are told multiple times to only have their own interests in mind and to stop at nothing to become the best. If it helps their growth, they should sell their own grandma.. No buddy-buddy with your teammates, goody-two-shoes get left behind, and betrayal is part of the game.. The whole facility is designed to provide the best training technology can offer, only to produce one singular world-class striker. I ...
This anime has once again convinced me that p9 is a questionable studio for light novel adaptions. It was quite painful to watch through considering how much I liked the source material, and I only kept on through the end because of that. If you like the concept, go read the novel or the manga, they're better.. . The adaption didn't really have enough build up and just rushed to the pay off, and it was so rushed that characters barely got any developement and screen time, from a romance point of view it would seem very bizarre, and disjointed considering how much cutting and splicing ...
Picture this, you’re in extra time and it’s the final play of the game. Everyone’s sweaty and knackered, rightfully so, the scoreline is 6-6, or at least that’s what you think cause you never really keep track of the score during games. You’re in the penalty box and your best bud passes a beautiful through ball to you. You take a clean touch, fake a shot to the left, and whip the ball into the top right bin. The goalkeeper doesn’t see it coming at all. How could he? The crowd goes wild. A little quieter than normal you note–probably cause you’re at an away ...
After watching the entire anime, I would use one word to sum it up - Terrible. I am a reader of the light novel version of this work, which I have read from volume one to volume eight. Additionally, I have also read the web version of this light novel.. . First of all, let's talk about the plot. It is too fast, like riding on a roller coaster. As I mentioned earlier, I am a light novel reader, and this anime should not be presented in this way. This work requires many episodes to explain the change in the feelings of both ...
Originally, I planned to review Revenger from this lack-luster of a season but it was so boring that I’ve dropped it after 6 episodes. What do we have here instead? Another boring romcom, of course! Otonari no Tenshi-sama ni Itsunomanika Dame Ningen ni Sareteita Ken was the highest rated romantic anime of this season and one of my podcast mate said this anime is a freaking masterpiece, so I gave it a shot. After finishing this anime, I can confidently say that this story was not a good recommendation AT ALL. But what went wrong, you may ask. Well, if you don’t want to read ...
When I first heard of Otonari no Tenshi-sama ni Itsunomanika Dame Ningen ni Saretita Ken, it was from people that I knew who read the light novels from this series saying that it was a pretty wholesome romcom and very good, and I know I like to watch romcoms so I decided to give it a shot, but after seeing it was going to made by Project No.9 and that it sounded extremely generic to its core I started to lose confidence, and it’s good to know that my total lack of confidence in this thing didn’t disappoint because not only it looks ugly, but ...
To be frank, The Angel Next Door is what every rom-com has been doing since the dawn of its genre. Make the main couple meet through the most unconventional way possible, help each other (with no intention of getting any affection), meet other friends that hang out with the main characters, have obstacles to justify the other significant to try and comfort them, and most importantly, doing things which 'friends' don't usually do in front of others. If it sounds like I'm spoiling, well then you're right. Every rom-com, including this one, plays the exact same formula, recycling the elements just to make it look ...
Since when did we think that animating the wet dreams of a deranged incel is a good idea? The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten is an utterly disgusting anime: not ambitious, nor funny, nor heartwarming. Every week I force myself to sit down to listen to its repulsive dialogue, stare at its hideous animation, and endure through its abhorrent story, all for the sake of writing this review and be the one person that “watched it so you don’t have to”.. . So here’s my warning: unless your pastime is reading ChatGPT’s best attempt at human dialogue, this anime is not worth your time.. . While the light ...
The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten sadly did not spoil me rotten; this anime ended up being incredibly dull and pathetic. The story is contrived from start to finish and packaged with bland, cardboard characters, poorly written dialogue that feels like someone tried to rip off young adult works from Wattpad, and a generic, mediocre narrative. In this regard, it is much like Demon Slayer. However, unfortunately, it does not have talented staff to turn it from nothing into something. Instead, it got one of the worst studios a light novel adaptation can get—project No.9, the bloodsucker of the light novel adaptations in the ...
It had the potential to be at least an average Isekai but that's not what happens, there is no depth in the world where she was reborn, many of the dialogues are not necessary, they put a lot of characters in the course of the story without any development, the animation only decays with the passing of the episodes and have a lot of irrelevant ecchi.. . I found the protagonist shallow and without any depth and I couldn't understand her much less, she loves to fight, I understand that, but as a person who was an excellent king in her past life and who took such ...
This anime is a piece of horrendous shit, I mean it, a giant turd that stinks so much you could get sick, so if you can, stay away from it. The only and I mean ONLY instance in which you could CONSIDER watching this is if you played the original game, despite not playing myself I still think it isn't worth it even if you did.. . Story takes place in a sci-fi fictional world with heavy focus on politics. Our protagonist lives in a desolate, impoverished military dictatorship which independence is being threatened by imperialistic superpower whose leaders are plotting on how to annex their smaller ...
If you have not played Trails of Cold Steel (Sen no Kiseki) 1 and 2 don't even bother watching this anime. This is not an adaptation of the games' story meant to get new fans into the franchise, this is an original side story to the games and expects you to know the story of at least the first two Cold Steel games (but it has references to every Trails game, not just Cold Steel). . If you are a fan of the games like I am you're probably going to end up watching the anime regardless of what I say, making this review kind of redundant, ...
Can't do it. The first episode was interesting, but after that this show is basically a child screeching and yelling. And it's a shame since we see through mini flashbacks that our MC's past was very interesting but the show isn't about them. For people who love cutesy things and find the hijinx of a child causing inconveniences, this is ideal...But I'm not that. I don't find it cute and I was really getting stressed out as the kid just ran around screaming, throwing tantrums and being an nuisance to the lives of the main characters.. You know in the same way that most Isekais aren't ...
So it took me 7 episodes to finally drop this horrible anime. - The story is going nowhere its all over the place!. -The characters back stories are boring af like none of them are interesting NONE!!!!!. - The whole time of me watching i was like maybe it will get better now or now or maybe now BUT NOOOO each time the episode starts and I am bored out of my mind on what i am watching THERE IS NO PLOT NOTHING SPECIAL ABOUT THIS ANIME. *I never write reviews but this anime pissed me off so much i had to write it !. Please avoid watching this horrible ...
I was spoiled by farming Slice-of-Life anime that was much better than this excuse of entertainment title. This one has almost nothing, the protag is doing nothing but farming, no crop failures nor is he uninitiated in certain activity, just nothing and he is going nowhere outside the ditch marking the village boundary. In that it reminds me of The Sims 1, in which the game is entirely within a household. No spontaneous contest to break the monotony, no survey of fellow villagers in difficulty, just nothing.. . The nothing-burger don't stop there, camera don't even cut to outside of the village until halfway through the series, ...
You have played the games? Don't watch this. . You haven't played the games? DON'T WATCH THIS PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF EVERYTHING. . But seriously, the characters were boring, the highlights were cameos from game characters. But that also lost its charm by the fourth episode. The original characters never really develop, outside of hyper specific moments that are just there to say "look, they have character developement". The story feels extremely rushed, especially in the last two episodes. They spent two episodes early on doing basically nothing. In a twelve episode anime. So you can kinda guess how bad the pacing can be at times. Even the music usage ...
It's a shame that the only redeemable part of this anime is the intro song. The author commits the sin of making the backstory more entertaining than the main plot. You can literally watch the first 6 minutes of the show, intro and all, and take the maximum amount of enjoyment possible. If a prequel to this anime came out it would probably be a 6 or a 7, but I cannot recommend what is just a very badly written generic slice of life with shoe horned coding-magic. The main characters are bland and uninspired, the actual plot is so copy-paste that I constantly confused ...
MC is similar to Sora (MC in No Game No life). where he is sort of evil in exploiting others for his progress (and others calling him trash).. . Plot. MC is basically a rich NEET, who worked hard, invested his money and retired early. but is transported into another world randomly. gets into high debt, starts working in a black company that mines demonite in dungeon. It is a story of how MC moves up the ladder.. . I will ignore everything and get to the point. The main problem is that this show's redeeming quality is the MC, but not good enough overall.. . 1. He claims to ...
It's been a couple hours since i finished watching this series. I took a nap and just woke up to update my MAL and add this review. Unfortunately, i cannot remember much and that tells you probably most of what you need to know.. . Plot. MC is super nice guy and an overworked gamedev. He sleeps on company floor after finishing a shift and wakes up in game he was working on.. Honestly, most isekai harem plots are the same once they get into the game. OP MC saving girls from monsters/humans, and girls liking him because he's not absolute evil (like not raping slaves, or ...
Starts out interesting with a curious take on the adventurer party type story, but then the story takes a detour into comedy/side quests and then gets serious again. I get the feeling this might be a case where the source material has been butchered mercilessly, but this show goes from classic serious approaches with people that were betrayed learning to trust again, and having a glimpse at people with substance abuse issues, but then we have weird episodes about confronting an ex girlfriend and diving into our MC's obsession with an idol group... I don't know. It went from an interesting story to a very ...
"Finally, a fantasy anime that goes: We don't need to copy every other fantasy Isekai world to ever be made...let's copy Attack on Titan instead!". - Gigguk, Winter 2023 In A Nutshell. . I'm always pumped for original shows that pleads its case to showcase something that is different to diversify the season that it came out on. And Ars no Kyojuu a.k.a Giant Beasts of Ars, made from the minds of studio Asahi Production and internet company DMM.com (from parent company-cum-producer DMM Pictures)...other than it being more Monster Hunter than AOT, is sadly yet another waste of opportunity for a rounded ringleader idea of sorts than it ...
I'm a fan of fantasy and Isekai. This season I think there's 10 on my list. And you know what? They are all the same. It takes a few minutes of each episode to think "Oh yea - this is the one where...." That's how generic this series is. If you were to count overused tropes in anime, you'd stop counting at 20 because it's so ridiculous.. . The animation quality is decent, but there are many scenes that look like they were added later by sub-par animators. For example, the last episode there's a scene where a woman transports a man (I'm keeping it ...
From a polarizing creator that is well known for his visual abstract philosophical symbolism narrative made a story about of how a pink hair bitch got a pink hair and became a bitch. Im so perplex from a director who made gainax famous also having top tier staff making flcl, having us convince a story driven character of how a thot got pink hair. WOW BAISCALLY RADIADED LCL TURN MY HAIR PINK THANK ALOT SHINJI. FUCK THAT PINK BITCH. ANNO WHY THE FUCK DID YOU WASTE YOUR BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS TO MAKE A BULLSHIT STORY ABOUT PINK GIRL.. . The fact is that he ...
Ningen Fushin no Boukensha-tachi ga Sekai wo Sukuu you desu (2023). . Like many shows with a long title that tries to have some deep impact, it is fickle. The meaning of their issues lasts only a few episodes then it turns into a slice-of-life adventure show with the added exception that they barely do anything. The show gives elements of great things that could happen that are covered by the mediocre.. . The art is awful, it is clunky and shapes are all over the place. As soon as a character is in the background their face falls apart. The battle animation is very basic, like was ...
Ok listen, it has great animation, good character and monster design, good voice acting, a killer soundtrack and a pretty good story (the end of the story was uhhh weird and definitely made for a certain audience) but I rated it low cause it is just rape porn!!! Omfg if only it was an actual series that wasn't just fucking rape hentai man. I watched it with a friend and we loved the story and REALLY liked the animation and soundtrack but omfg it was almost all porn and rape.... . . . Spoilers up ahead from here.. . I guess we should've known from the first scene being a ...
I sadly watched the entire 1st season of March Comes in at 1.25x speed due to a friend's recommendation and truly I could not tell you one remotely interesting aspect the whole way through... I've seen some tedious ass shows I can get through with maximum binging efficiency, but that genuinely felt like maybe the most excruciatingly painful slog a singular piece of media outside of Evangelion has ever put me through. What is the incentive everyone is drawn in by please do tell me? It's literally a whiny ahh dude moving Shogi pieces for mf 22 eps in between 20 second long drawn out ...
TenSura is on the list of the worst anime's I've ever watched. It starts off okay, and then immediately goes downhill in the next episodes. MC is overpowered and unenjoyable, classic pervy main male character. He somehow manages to befriend everyone off the bat and it's all sunshine and rainbows after battle. Females are all fanservice characters and the inch of connection he has with Love Interest has no chemistry and is plain forced. The animation is okay, but it's something that I've seen before a million times and it's far from unique. The dialogue between characters is stiff and unnatural and the story flows ...
This anime is esssentially bringing one consensus message: WHAT THE HELL WERE THEY THINKING of making this show and bringing to the masses?. . In reference, see HIDIVE's "glorious" (sic) synopsis: They say every dog has his day. That’s especially true for our protagonist, who was just turned into a dog and now lives every day under the care of his crush, Inukai-san! She happily dotes on her new companion, and while he wants to return to his human form someday, there’s something wonderful about being cared for by the person he loves. Now that's a decription, if you're feeling at the very least dodgy-doggy with a ...
On the day of the Final Judgment, when we all stand before God Almighty, He will show all mankind this anime on a big screen. Every human who ever lived will be there to see it. In eternity, where there is no time, all of those who did not watch this will assimilate it fully in what seems like an instant. Then the screaming will begin. Pleading and begging, the human souls will desperately try to justify the existence of this atrocity and will fail. The ground will split open and we will fall into the dark abyss, rejected and forsaken by God.. ------------------. I started watching ...
Viva the Yuri Revolution!!. . Or that’s what I’d say if this series left me feeling excited about it. Sadly I didn’t really enjoy it as a whole.. . I enjoyed PARTS of this show, but way, way too much of it was bogged down in seriousness and depression. Why can’t I just have a cute little yuri isekai slice of life series???? I dislike series that can’t pick a tone, and this series definitely had that issue. It started off with the hilarious antics of this bloody, wild princess, who steals away her brother’s fiancé to take for herself. It’s very comedic. I was legitimately laughing at how ...
The reality is that the story seemed good, but it didn't get anywhere, they cut the manga everywhere, the manga is very bad, the story seemed good because of the characters, but a very bad outcome, a very bad anime, a horrible story and a Horrible ending, I don't know why I saw it complete... It's terrible, even the manga is bad, it doesn't close a story, one file ends and the other file doesn't continue.. . Fuyutsuki-san is beautiful, but the story is bad. the panda is good. but the story is lousy, I thought I was going to see a more adult romance, they are young, but ...
Trashy isekai harem where MC just farms girls with his OPness. There is no reason to even pretend that this could be *anything* else.. . There are some funny moments which made me laugh. and that's where the good points of the anime end. MC is just the usual goody two shoes guy who wants to save everyone. Ridiculously OP, but the fights/skills/magic system are just asspulls/uninteresting. Honestly, there is no point in "smartphone", because his magic can pretty much do anything already. Pretty much ALL side characters exist to be impressed by OP and nothing else. Most importantly, There is no story at all. and ...
"The Iceblade Magician Shall Rule the World" is an anime with a weird name that's fitting for how bizarre and unengaging the show turned out to be. From the start, it was clear that the story was lacking in direction and purpose, and the character of Ray White was just as uninteresting.. . Typically, an anime protagonist faces challenges and grows stronger as a result, but Ray is inexplicably overpowered from the start, making it difficult to feel invested in his character arc. Instead, the show relies on tired harem anime tropes, with Ray saving a group of girls who then become infatuated with him.. . I was completely ...
The premise for this anime was promising but it fell flat for several reasons.. . The pacing is horrible. Episodes felt really padded out with filler. Character development feels like it moved at a glacial pace.. . Did i mention poor character development? 12 episodes in and it feels like things have barely changed. The MC and his love interest act so formally and awkward towards each other even after it seems like they have progressed. The fox woman keeps saying that they've "made progress" but I'm barely seeing it at all. They still behave like awkward teens around each other after an entire season. If you want character ...
I effing hate this show to the core, it stinks and reels its way to the Isekai trash bin on an easy approach off the anime runway.. . As Gordon Ramsay would say: "Bloody hell, here we go again." The desire for people to fill the AniManga scene with more generic Isekai/fantasy trash, I don't really understand the appeal of sadists like these to try and come up with "unique" LN-like titles for anime adaptations, simply because they are THAT popular in Japan. And people would LOVE the freak hell to pick out even the most blatant of generic works, no matter who was writing it, no ...
“Shikimori's Not Just a Cutie” is what happens when someone has a good premise but lacks the skills to utilize it properly.. . It’s a bland, boring, going nowhere romcom. Basically like 99% of rom coms out there. What makes this one so infuriating is that the premise, on paper, is solid. A caring, athletic, attractive girl falls for a shy, timid guy that could be the manifestation of Murphy's laws. In theory it’s a solid premise with a lot of potential about role reversals in relationships. That could be a pretty good anime.. Unfortunately we will never know that because we got this atrocity instead.. . Let’s start ...
Gen "the Butcher" Urobuchi, you're no more worth the iconic "Butcher" nickname anymore. Fool me once (with Bubble), shame on you. Fool me twice (with RWBY: Ice Queendom), shame on me. Fool me thrice (with Revenger)...I don't know what to think of anymore.. . I was going through the Internet like usual to prepare for this review, only to stumble upon a very recent discussion article on ANN a.k.a Anime News Network that popped up on its feeds just the week before, citing that "Does Gen Urobuchi's Name Mean Anything Anymore?". And it was definitely an interesting, but scathing article to read through of what it means ...
Urobuchi comes back and pens his first anime in God knows how long and all we get is this!?. . Revenger is a poor imitation of Urobuchi's works without the quality that makes his shows the way they are. After watching so much Thunderbolt Fantasy I was hoping to get a show of a similar caliber, now in Feudal Japan instead of China, one that subverts expectations and delivers surprises at every corner. But no, all you get is a predictable "Church Bad Opium Bad Trade Union Bad" story that fails to elicit any emotion from you outside of boredom.. . I should have known things were bad when ...
I've never been a huge fan of Shingeki no Kyojin but for the first few seasons, I admit it was unique. It had enjoyment value. It had an interesting story, well balanced pacing and it would leave you wondering about the next episodes. Now it doesn't have any of those qualities and it just keeps getting worse and worse. The art design, animations, and music are still top-notch quality, even getting better and better in contrast to the overall series. But what happened to that intriguing story and the storytelling?. . Since when did Shingeki no Kyojin turn into a classic superhero story that we had ...
A weird bad mix of mostly good things.. . Half of the show is a good run-of-the-mill fantasy, showing potential with a mix of quest-of-the-week filler, save-the-world overarching plot, interesting characters with character-specific intro or origin story episodes and goals of their own (i.e. side quests to earn loyalty points) and so on. Unfortunately, in this season we only get the intros and quest-of-the-week, while the other elements are just hinted at for the future. Bummer.. . Another 15% of the show is an epic ancient intelligent magical-swords conflict and collection saga with a weird main hook of MC's sword being Yu-Gi-Oh's Polymerization card and giving them hero fusion. ...
Stop ruining the original Naruto characters for the sake of elevating these new characters in Boruto.. This anime does not have good characters or a good plot. It mostly relies on nostalgia. I can't bare to see good characters from Naruto made weaker so that the "new generation" can appear stronger.. It just shows that the writers of this anime have no original ideas of their own... And they cannot advance the plot without involving the old characters from the Naruto universe, which is disgusting and disappointing.. Naruto had good character development, story and great villains, something that Boruto clearly lacks.
(no specific spoilers but general discussion of plot structures). . Mirai Nikki is the worst anime I’ve seen, and I think it would take quite a lot to dethrone it. The thing with most “bad” anime is that you can’t really be THAT disappointed in them because they usually don’t amount to much. Think generic isekai trash: you already know what you’re getting into when you start watching it, so how bad can the experience be? I think that for an anime to truly be in WOAT contention, it can’t just amount to nothing; it has to TRY to amount to something and utterly fail at it.. . Mirai ...
The way Kaina of the Great Snow Sea begins and the fantastical realization of its world oozes Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind vibes. I don't bring that up to say this is a "ripoff" or that such a thing would even be a problem. The main character wears a breathing apparatus outdoors and sports a spear gun for shish-kebabing gourmet insects the size of a poodle (before returning to his pod). The world's oceans—Snow Sea—consist of bubbly and slushy snow and curious critters—like if you were to run a bubble bath, but instead of a rubber ducky, you let a bunch of dolphin ...
When you think of "loli anime", Alice or Alice is exactly what you're thinking of. The degenerate mc, the "ecchi" scenes, the kawaii voices, and the CONSTANT "onii-chan" ringing in your ear, are all things you can find in this show. From maid dresses to catgirls, you can find loli A-Z in this anime in only 12 3-minute episodes! At the end of every episode, you can of course hear the "onii-chan daisuki!!" from at least one of the girls, even after him not doing anything! What a lovely anime🥰. . Sound: 0/10. The music can't be described as anything other than annoying. The OST? annoying. The ...
This anime is like if a child (yes a kid) had an assignment to write an isekai, and didn't do shit for an entire semester, then busted an all nighter to turn in the assignment. Basically, take every generic idea ever and combine them into one show- except make it suuuuuupppeerrr boring.. . Right off the bat, this anime has a serious problem- and it's honestly one of my pet peeves; THE SHOW DOESN'T EXPLAIN ANYTHING. The MC? No explaination. Backstory? No. How do powers work? Never talk about it. Social standings? Shhh....no more talking.. . Speaking of MC- at the very least it answers the age-old question of ...
I really wanted to like this one. I really did. But there's just so much wrong here that I'm wondering if the season 2 will truly help or not.. . When I saw this anime, I was thinking I'd be getting something similar to the Shinsekai Yori series. It looked similar at first and lured me in with its intriguing world and wild art style. The opening song especially ended up being one of my favorite bangers of the season!. . But without delving too into spoilers, I felt like much of my time was wasted. The first 1-2 episodes are amazing and pulls you in. Then it ...
Before I begin, please take note that this is a spoiler-free review. In most cases, this means that I think the show is worthwhile enough to spare you the misfortune of reading any spoilers before enjoying the show for yourself. However, I regret to inform you that this is not the case with Bludgeoning Angel Dokuro-chan 2. So, why then am I not providing spoilers? Quite simply, it is because there is nothing to spoil about this show. Over its incredibly short 2-episode run, BADC2 manages to not only completely abandon all of the elements that made Season 1 funny, but it also removes any ...
I was hoping this was going to be a good detective series with lots of hot dudes in it. However by episode 2 they are in the sex work district and the whole of episodes 2 and 3 are making a joke of sex workers death. I guess we can't have a detective series without murdering a sex worker. Their lives are so worthless aren't they? We spend 2 episodes here doing a "but what if..." with all the characters. One even mentioning the murder might have been committed by a cat. As if her death was jsut some game for a bunch of men ...
This show is the perfect example of an interesting premise with poor execution. A group of outcasts form a party and begin adventuring and learning to trust again. However, the show takes multiple weird turns like modern/advanced tech in ancient locations, multiple episodes on side characters no one cares about, and generally no adventuring outside of the town that they live in apart from a few dungeons. There's also the issue that some of the animation is rather unpolished in some places, whether it is awful perspective or missing frames of animation that makes movement stop-motion like.. Finally, the show spends too much time on characters ...
Can a Yuki Onna descendant get a cold? Of course not. The thought alone is ridiculous! - Almost as ridiculous as the whole show.. . It started out interesting with our maincast being a group of human office workers mixed in with supernatural beings. And this is were it stopped being interesting. They did next to nothing with the supernatural element of the show. This could have potentially been very interesting to learn about the quirks of those supernatural descendants, but it was mostly used as a background animation, nothing more. There was no attempt to create some kind of conflict between the normal humans and the ...
The Ice Guy and His Cool Female Colleague. . What comes to mind when someone mentions vanilla romance anime? Is it Horimiya? Is it Toradora? Well, I can now faithfully present to everyone The Ice Guy and His Cool Female Colleague. This anime is so vanilla it could be watched by an 8 year old. There is no foul language, no fanservice, and no devious characters. But does all of this translate into a good show? It really depends on the execution.. . We meet Himuro who is the son of an ice spirit as he begins working at some random cubicle company. But while walking to his ...
I would have possibly rated it higher if I had alzheimers or was taking LSD regardless it is pretty terrible, the art style are just simplistic blobs and trippy visuals about the universes with some variations and its shown by clips looped over and over again. There is no story as its just clips of a random person floating in space getting sucked into a gourd nor is there any audio at all other than the music. It is pretty boring and basically unwatchable I don’t find it interesting or enjoyable not do I think anyone else would so its not recommended to watch this
Bro like my kids are not that fucking retarded and they didn't even understand the story. We were so shocked by how yugioh has gone downhill like just let other studios make yugioh. They really dumb down the characters. Pretty trash and the art style was shit. I thought this was for kids but clearly the studio has no idea how yugioh works. There is no way in hell I am recommending this dogshit of an anime. Please avoid at all cost. Just watch the older yugioh. It's actually pretty insulting how much it force feeds you information you should already know. It's so slow, ...
Don't watch this. Even if you're a fan of the manga or anime series, just don't watch this. It's legitimately not worth it.. . It has actually the ugliest "animation" I have ever seen in my life (I say "animation" because it's moreso a slideshow of still images which occasionally has someone grab one of the pictures on the slide with their mouse and drag it across the screen) which legitimately looks like it was drawn by a middle schooler.. . The content isn't exclusive. It adapts an early part of the manga which the 2016 anime series also adapts, but the 2016 series just looks and sounds way ...
This anime come in league with "Happy Sugar Life". The Character developments of the character is none. The MC is a pussy and a true believer of talk-no-jutsu. Basically there no background story for any character just a minute of introduction. there are many anime which have outdone themselves in 12 episodes but this anime is a piece of shit not a piece but whole anime.. The plot could have been great with the side character like his uncle. the maker choose not to such a shame. . . . . Antagonist : 10/10. MC : -10/10. Animation : 8/10. Story : ...
Yikes.. . I was not expecting this. Look, it might look amazing ill come back to it but I was not expecting this terrible of a movie.. . The Story: The story frankly sucks. Neither character has any spine to them. When I heard the producers of Kimi no na Wa made it I watched it but it was nothing like Kimi no na Wa.. . Animation: Only redeeming quality about it. It looks amazing no doubt about it. That's the only *good* thing about it.. . Music: Nevermind, the DAOKO song is the only reason I heard about it. The song is freaking amazing, and it's part of the movie that.. . Why ...
Not going to act like I was paying the utmost attention to the show. I am even watching it right now as I watch this but holy frickin heck is this anime bad. The animation is great and the fight scenes are top tier even now. The first opening and ending are some of the best I have ever heard but the story is fuckin awful and wish washy and all over the place they don't explain it till later if at all so you're just sitting their guessing. Characters are absolute trash they feel like they're trying to be deep and dark but it's ...
I've seen moderate hype around this anime and was wondering - so I gave it a watch.. . oh boy I didn’t expect the hellfire I got myself into. However, the most insane thing to me is the score. I truly can’t wrap my head around on why this anime is rated highly. Maybe this is just me going insane, but let me explain my point of view:. . The entire premise is nonsensical. You know what doesn’t go well together? Football and Singleplayer Battle Royale. It has some promising ideas in isolation, but these shouldn’t be mixed. It’s like eating Nutella with KFC. You can do that, but ...
I have watched some bad anime. Some truly awful anime. But rarely has a show been so bad that I’ve felt the need to write a review just to express how bad it is. A bad show can be fun to watch. Seeing bad animations and bad writing as amusing. However, this isn’t even the case with Arifureta.. . Let me break this down:. . Characters 2/10. The main character is unlikable. Maybe not quite as much as Makoto from School Days but he is a massive prick. Yet, in typical Isekai fashion, all the girls seem to want to ride his chin-chin. He’s also OP as is standard ...
I'm as much of a Shinkai fan as the next guy, but I have to admit his latest work is also his weakest to date. Shinkai's writing has always been a point of criticism in his previous works, but in Suzume, even the relative strength of its visuals and music do little to rescue its struggling storyline.. . Shinkai makes no attempt to push the boundaries in Suzume, and viewers will find that the story follows pretty much the same formula as his previous two works. Unfortunately, there's just a bit too much crammed into its 2 hour long runtime for anything to be resolved in a ...
THIS IS A SPOILER-FREE REVIEW. . After a lot of Sci-Fi and Romance i was looking for something...different. I watched my fair share of ecchi shows in the past and i still like the genre really much. But this show broke me. What in gods name have i just watched?. . Story – 5/10. . Okay, so the main plot is completely different from any other ecchi/comedy i have ever seen. This is some George Orwell type stuff. The insanity of the setting is absolutely crazy. I have seen some anime fans talk about how the setting is genius, and how it criticises japanese censorship regulations but to be completely honest, ...
This whole movie is just propaganda for the JMSDF. Every turn they praise how great and wonderful everything is on the ship. Including the food. (Military food ain't that great.) the JMSDF however would like to inform you that they'll allow women on board ships REAL SOON! Even Aegis Destroyers! We promise! To cover up the sexism in the military. Not that you'd want to join the military.. . The whole plot of the thing is about spies and military data and how _that_ country is bad. (country not specified.). Really it takes way too long to find the culprit and there's a LOT of red herrings going ...
The amount of anime that has a score higher than 7/10 is astonishing. It's like people don't even know what those numbers mean anymore. Isekai Nonbiri Nouka sits at a comfortable 7.52 as of the time of writing this review, so it should be considered a good anime right? No, it's very bad, but that's for later. Score on MAL is being a joke for a very long time, it's more of a popularity contest, than an actual rating. So while something like Bleach or Solo Leveling are being one of the highest-rated pieces of media out here, I can somehow understand it. People don't ...
Cautious Hero is yet another one of those isekai that have flooded the market because of Sword Art Online and in its attempt to stand out in this more than saturated subgenre that copy-pastes each other’s ideas with little to no variation, it went for the comedy routine. The guy who is summoned to another world in order to save it is overpowered as hell, which is a most typical element, but he is also ridiculously cautious, which makes him obnoxious to the people around him, despite that being the reason he constantly wins. And that is the only thought the author had while writing ...
An anime with minimum effort to make a convincing story. The scriptwriter practically took all possible fetishes and threw them at your face, trying to make it look funny. And indeed, ANI is really a parody of anime sexual fetishes… and nothing else.. . For starters, this anime did the mistake of airing in a time when such shows are all over the place. It is not special in any way; neither does it try to offer anything out of the ordinary. In fact, it hardly tries to be average. Even if it aims towards the usual target audience of males who still find 2D interesting, there ...
This is one of the shows where I was celebrating when it was finally over. bruh forget a time machine I need a time machine to undo the time I spent. . Every character was plain annoying. I'm not sure who or what I was supposed to root for. . We got a:. Delusional mad scientist who randomly has moments of profound seriousness. girl who goes you did not just look at me like that1! BAK.AAAAA. Guy whose shtick is being a creeping pervert yet gentle hearted CS major. chronically online and easily manipulated stalker. random guy who is always sad. ...
This anime physically pained me to watch. Each episode felt like someone was torturing my family on front of me. Every 11-12 minute episode, another method of brutally destroying my mind. God has forsaken this weird, oversexualized dog anime. The idea of "What would it be like to be a dog?" Sounds awesome! But when you throw in, "+18" as a tag you know some toxic wasteland has opened. None of the characters bring anything to the story. The animation and camera angle is below average. (except for the XXX scenes). I could get a message out of "Putting a potato in a blender and ...
Well, le'ts just say that my father asked me if watching a movie from One Piece would give him an ideia about the story and characters and i (who is totaly lost in track about the series) just said that it would give him a hint about the vibe the series gives and well, he liked it. The man is not going to give the anime and it's 1.000 episodes a try but liked the pirates thing and for me, this counts. Heh. Not that i reccomend the movie but to someone that was lost in the Water Seven arc, seeing a lot of old ...
Don't watch this. Don't waste your time. Don't do this to yourself. That's the short version. The longer version is... well, longer.. . I like Naruto a lot. It's anime I started on as kid and even when it's not in my top 10 or high on list, it's still kinda favorite one for couple of reasons. That changed a bit with 2nd part of Shippuden, when creators, well, started milking it as much as they could. Having filler every episode for 20 episodes or so, that's not even cruel, that's disgusting. But till today I am trying to ignore that part. Why? Naruto was my childhood ...
Usually I don't make reviews of series I dropped after few episodes because I don't see much reason to do it, but this must be done because I've seen this crap (which reminded me of the god friggin' awful comic The Life Eaters by David Brin) referenced as an "underrated classic" of sorts and I don't understand why. These four episodes were amongst the WORST WRITTEN stuff I've seen in months: the action is completely nonsensical, the religious overtones are hamfistedly bashed in your head with no subtetly whatsoever (the classic of Tokusatsus Ultraseven, which I finished watching a week ago, was FAR MORE subtle ...
If you want to see how bad Love Live can get, look no further.. Zero story, ugly CG art, and 1 character trait per girl.. This is just a cheap cash grab by Sunrise in the same way Attack on Titan Junior High was by Production IG. However this is worse because AOT Junior High had a gimmick in subverting the high school trope and this has nothing going for it.. It was hard for me to sit through the episodes even though they were mercifully short at 2-3 minutes long because they're just so boring.. 2/10 instead of 1/10 because Setsuna's episode was actually okay. Please never make ...
Whether you were a season 1 watcher or not, you will be massively disappointed. I watched the first season 2 years ago and was extremely excited when this was announced. Higher the expectations, the higher the disappointment. Loyal fans waited 9 years for this bullshit.. . Characters (8). The old characters act like how they used to. Likeable and wholesome. The most notable addition to this season is Ramus, a baby that just descended onto them one day. She's like Anya from SpyxFamily, but worse. A bit annoying, but still decent. She's fine.. . Story (3). Boring and random slice-of-life episodes for god knows why. None of them further the ...
You may read other reviews for this OVA and think that people are overreacting, I mean, every anime has fan service right? Well let me start by saying the first half of this OVA is practically hentai. Not to get too specific, but you don't want to have this on at a family gathering. Then to make matters worse, the second half is utterly boring and uninteresting.. . Story:. There are two stories in the episode that each take up roughly half the runtime. We begin with the plot of Ishigami and Shirogane looking at explicit magazines and imagining their female friends in lewd scenarios. A good portion ...
*No spoilers*. . Sword Art Online is an anime known for not being great, but this is by far the worst SAO has ever been. From consistent plot holes and contradictions to entire episode long exposition dumps, this anime hardly does anything right or has any redeeming qualities. There is so much wrong with this anime, even by SAO standards, it is actually a drag to get through.. . Story: 1/10. The story has always been the worst part of SAO, but this time its actually irredeemable. There are plot holes everywhere you look and the story contradicts itself multiple times. Also, despite trying to be a war, both ...
Coming from someone who watched this show recently I can say that this show was more than mildly disappointing. With all the hype I expected something interesting. The plot, I don't know what the overarching goal is so, I can't make a comment. Spike is just awful I hate Spike to the umpteenth degree Spike has no value other than that he's the main character, its the exact same with all the other characters, except for the dog. I didn't enjoy this show but, you might if you like Sc-Fi with no actual brain and just jargon to explain events.
Well, i came for the comedy when I watched S1 years ago, even sometimes in the future i will watched it again just for fun, hikigaya problems are really relatable, the show gave a really hard slaps on your younger days stupid behavior which is fun. seems like the author chose to have casual romance approach for S2 and S3, which I personally find sucks.. I mean S1 you can actually see that hikigaya's romcom is going wrong, meanwhile S2 to S3 is basically your casual riaju romcom nothing wrong with it. S2 and S3 is just your typical riajuu having hard time choosing his ...
This entire season has been composed almost exclusively of melodrama. We're getting all sorts of backstories for characters I don't care about, with the worst offender being Endeavor's family drama taking up several episodes for no good reason. I don't even really remember much about this season other than Deku punching a couple of people and then hours of just sitting around either expositing or giving out some speech about god knows what for the tenth time.. . At the same time, the pace of the show has also somehow accelerated. OFA is a joke again, Deku's got a bajillion quirk's all at once, civil war ...
It took me a ton of breaks to finish this harrassment anime, and now that i've finished it, i can finally say how awful this is.. . The main point of this anime is basically that you have boys talking to you while you're supposed to be sleeping? It's very confusing, and I honestly don't know why the creator of this anime wanted to make this. I don't know who is going to enjoy this, but I sure didn't.. . The episodes are simple. It starts off with a preview, like the boy talking to you, then the 1 minute long intro which is absolutely ridiculous given the episodes ...
This apparently has a novel, but I have no intention of reading it (for now at least), so I won't be speaking to how this donghua does as an adaptation.. . This donghua is something I classify as a "trash tier" donghua. I don't mean this is bad or trash, it is a classification that I assign for donghua that have short episodes (content usually ~5 mins of actual animation after cutting OP, ED and PV), and are clearly very low budget. This donghua has slightly longer episodes than the 5 min ones but not by much and it's really too short. It's watching experience is made ...
It's not going to be in anyone's favorites that's for sure. It uses most of the tropes out there, and the all of the plot points are predictable and cliché. It's only saving grace is that it parodies other shows of a similar stature, and it can be funny at times, but its not worth the time. The art is good, like really good, its absolutely wasted on this show, how I wish world trigger was animated like this. The mc is so overpowered there isn't really any fight that you can invest in, as you already know the outcome. In many ways it's similar ...
Trigun is my favorite anime of all time.. Stampede rides off the coattails of Trigun which could have been a blessing and/or a curse. Unfortunately it stays a curse for Stampede.. Stampede is not as good as Trigun in EVERY way. But not in the same way. That was confusing to write so let me explain.. Trigun could be argued to have slow pacing.. Stampede has an absurd break-neck pace that burns through the content that leaves you wondering if the writers have somewhere better to be.. I would take slow writing to bad writing any day.. Then there are the things Trigun is actually good at: character motivation, mystery, music ...
This anime shouldn’t have existed, ever. I don’t mind isekais, but this one is not one of them. I feel sorry for the Animators, English and Japanese VAs and the music artists for pouring their heart and soul into Season 1 and 2 of this anime. The main character conveniently finds ten fruits of evolution within a dangerous as f$ck forest to make him the ideal version of himself instead of having to run his ass off and use his surroundings to better learn to survive dangerous areas and put in effort to change and be better than who he was before.. . I know he’s had ...
[no spoilers]. . I have no idea how the ratings are so high on this. I don't rate things unless I watch them to completion and boy, do I regret it. There is nothing even remotely funny in here to make it satire. The story is disjointed and all over the place. The character development is exceedingly poor. The storyline is... what? Maybe if you are a manga fan and want to watch it come to life, then good on you. For me, this anime was my first experience. Beyond the first episode, or two, it was at least ...
If Steven Colbert made an anime, something like this would be the result.. . This is nothing but a cheap, lazy way to get in on a trend -- a trend that would become horribly dated. Scatological humour is the only kind of humour in this anime, unless you're from the year 2017 and find jokes portraying Trump as a rowdy child funny. Honestly, the Baby Trump balloon was funnier than this, if for no other reason than that it's not so gross. If this wasn't so gross, I would probably have gotten a teeny, tiny nostalgic chuckle out of it, but little else.. . This harkens ...
I saw the movie once a few years ago and forgot every detail about it. Last night I watched it with a friend.. . Pros: Very pretty animation. For the year it came out, it was probably the prettiest anime anyone had seen. Lots of added glare effects and detail elevated every background to poster-quality, although characters looked pretty roughly drawn and designed.. . Cons: Everything else. There are three segments with a thin story to tie them together. I'm fine with slow-burn movies but this was a slog to get through. The first story was cute and structured the best, the second story had a neat ...
If a single movie can destroy the liking you have for its 50-episode main series, you know it's in a bad place. I watched this film not long after I finished Fresh Precure, a season where my liking towards it was already on thin ice. This film tipped it over the edge.. . This film can generally be summed up as the Precure franchise's take on Toy Story- Very very literally. But unlike the Pixar classic, the plot of the Fresh Movie is extremely generic and too predictable for it to be truly compelling. Predictability doesn't always make stories uncompelling, but it indicates a lack of effort ...
every episode: puzzle pieces as symbolism fly off the head of characters 10 times an episode and it must be shown for our audiences to understand that the characters are 'putting the pieces together'. . every episode: each 'soccer game' needs to take up 5+ episodes because within 30 minutes the time stops and internal monologue must occur 50 times in one episode. . every episode: the characters evolve like pokemon and shock everyone else like shonen characters developing new abilities that make them stronger. . every episode: the boys must say they are 'eating each other' out in a normal way because that means plot is developing
Really disappointing ending. Finishing this show will leave you with a feeling of 'That's it?'.. . All this tension and build up over so many episodes just to be shrugged off and thrown in the trash in the last few episodes. A total shift in genre and story that feels so out of place and unwanted.. . I leave a 6 for the interesting moments it had. But like many works of art, the ending falls flat and leaves a feeling of longing, an expectation for something much better, something to fill the missing gap that the show leaves.. . A dozen of episodes of teasing for big things and ...
This anime is terrible. I watched this with my dog, and NEITHER of us enjoyed it. Also, my dog started looking at me funny (tail wag, blushing, etc) after this. Help. I am weirded out.. . Anyway, my favorite character definitely has to be Inukai. She has an amazing PERSONALITY and is all around a very WELL-ROUNDED character. The way the story characterizes her as a caring individual who would go out of her way to bring a stray dog into her home really nails how amazing of a person she is.. . Enough about Inukai, now onto the dog. The dog itself is a very nuanced and ...
if you for a moment think after watching this that you know anything about the world of hypnosis microphone that will be your last mistake.. i remember a once happy me who was so so so psyched about the new hypmic anime. but that girl is dead. i killed her. no... a-1 pictured killed her.. . if you are attracted to any of the characters go read the manga or preferablly go listen to the drama tracks, the amount of plotholes this excuse of an anime adds to the already chaotic plot of hypmic is by all means awful. the animation and art style is just horrible, ...
I rewatched the first season before starting this one, and man did it keep up with my memories of it watching the first time around. The thrill of action, story, and developments of the first season are undoubtedly up there with the best. Diving straight into the 2nd season-- it's terrible. I feel like 6 episodes went by without a single meaningful thing happening. It genuinely felt like sitting through the endless 8 arc. So far there is no action, no meaningful contributions to the original story, and no characters developments. Sadly, the production is still almost as beautiful the first season. Which is an ...
Danmachi is bad. If you can't think of at least one reason why I'd say that, stop reading and do whatever. I'm not writing this for you.. . Now that *hopefully* some people were filtered out, let's start the real discussion. I sometimes wonder how many people ever asked themselves "Why do I like the things I like?" or "Why does my media consumption looks the way it does?". It might be that you have a good answer or you don't, but whatever the case may be, the people generating the media you consume know that answer better than you do. So for people that watch anime, ...
If you thought season 3 was the worst, you might want to think again. Y'know it tells you so much when one would rather watch the shitshow of a season 3 to whatever-the-fuck this was. I'm beyond pissed as I'm writing this. Basically this abomination in a nutshell:. Narration was off through the whole season. It's like the narrator saw how godawful this season was from miles ago and didn't want to narrate it. The narration is extremely random one line narration.. . . Some examples from actual episodes: "a story of a family" "a story of a office worker" "a story of a college student" that's it. ...
*Spoiler-free section.*. . Danmachi Season 4 part 2 is a masterclass in parody. Unfortunately, I don't think that parody was the intention of this season. Everyone makes awful decisions all the time, stands around instead of making decisions, argues over any decision made by someone else while they stand there being indecisive, speeches about how friendship is the key to victory during a fight, and a couple of other spoilers topics that I won’t say here. The animation, music, voice acting, and sound effects are all serviceable. The CGI is looking pretty rough. The characters have gotten so much worse, and can now be summarized in one ...
Anime Genre Roulette 🎰 Review 6 🎰 Shounen. . The idea behind the series is not bad. Some kids being total idiots, basically everyone's childhood. The execution unfortunately was nothing far from terrible. . This could've been a cute and fun story to watch while reminiscing about happy childhood memories (i mean the opening line is a poop joke), and it was, for half an episode. But the repetitiveness of the pace will, depending on your temperament, make the show range from mildly boring to extreamly annoying. . Animation is also nothing to look foward to, with nonsensical proportions and movements that look like they came out of a pop-up book. And on a more ...
Easily skippable unless you’re looking for fan-service or something like that…As the synopsis states the ml is paired up for this marriage practical with a hottie girl he particularly dislikes and both of their love interests are also each others partners. So these two decide to get good rank as only top rankers are allowed to change their partners. Now as you’ll expect they’ll end up having chemistry going and will end up together but it ends up in ambiguous mess. You’ll see lots and I mean lots of skinship and such moments between both (including the fl mistaking his lightsaber as his knee lmaoooo ...
The one thing I appreciate about Overdrive is its focus on character development. Unlike other sports shows where club members of a sports team get introduced to the MC in a rapid-fire manner, Overdrive takes its time. This is also its downfall, as Shinozaki, the MC, is still super boring to watch.. . There are around 11 episodes of a prologue, if you will, where Shinozaki gets introduced to the bicycle club and where learns to ride a bike. That truly is an agonizingly long time, and I think it'd work if the characters were entertaining to watch. The problem is: they aren't.. . I could go over all ...
I'm a Sonic fan so watching this felt like an obligation, especially considering how it pretty much shaped the Fandom as we know it today. I have zero nostalgia for this and I watched the Japanese subbed version because 4Kids heavily butchered it like most kids anime from the 2000's.. . The show follows who else but Sonic who was Isekai'd to the human world where he meets Chris Thorndyke, a mostly boring kid who's only personality trait is simping for him. After he reunites with his friends they must collect the 7 Chaos Emeralds before Eggman does, or atleast that's what the show implies because ...
You wanna fall asleep? You wanna be bored? This is the anime for you.. . This anime was so boring and can't even get into what the anime is about in the first episode like it should. And not to mention they couldn't even get into the main characters backstory properly and just said "the villagers hate him now and he decided to quit heroing" and that was it.. . The fact it has a 7 star rating is shocking to me this anime deserves a two and that's coming from someone who literally hates dropping things from the start.. . Do not watch it.
This is without a doubt the worst anime I have ever had the displeasure of watching. This anime covers topics of pedophilia, incest, sexual harassment, and even sexual assault. Does the anime treat these with respect or criticize those who would commit these vile acts? No, this anime glorifies the main character who liked CP and frequently sexually harasses a 12-year-old girl who is apparently his cousin in the isekai world. People will defend this by saying it is a journey of self-discovery and redemption, but I ask this: was the main character ever punished for his actions? No. Do they gloss over the fact ...
Jeez… has no one seen Cowboy Bebop?! This is such a blatant rip on it and Gurren Lagan!. It struggles to find its footing and throws all the tired tropes in right away. Its not a very unique idea and just seems a rehash of so much from better Anime.. It doesn’t do much for character development and the fighting resembles something like Voltron fighting the beast of the week.. It’s got a mix of humor, action, and funky over the top characters.. It’s one of those forgettable shows that you’ll run across years from now and scratch your head trying to remember.. I gave it ...
“Love of Kill” is what happens when someone wants to write a mystery romance with an adult cast but only knows how cringey, obnoxious kids act.. . The premise is absolutely awesome. A bounty hunter becomes the target of affection from a professional assassin. He tries to win her over by “helping” her with her work. What’s not to love about something so crazy?. . Now that I mentioned the good parts of the show, let me tell You ne not so good parts - everything else. Boring cast, lacklustre plot, shitty pacing and fighting scenes so badly cut You have no idea how half of things happen, ...
If you're looking for an anime that makes you feel like you're playing a free-to-play smartphone game, then "Ex-Arm" might be the perfect choice for you! This anime takes you to a world where characters seem to have been intentionally drawn and animated poorly. Don't worry if you can't understand the plot, because even the characters don't seem to know it. Additionally, you can appreciate the lack of shadows and nuances that make objects and characters even more beautiful with that veil of perfection, angles, close-ups always and in any case with the same basic expression. In short, if you want an anime that makes ...
The second season of "The Promised Neverland" has failed to live up to the high expectations set by its first season. The pacing of the story felt rushed, with important events happening without enough explanation or buildup. The character development felt shallow, and many of the characters lacked the depth and complexity that made them so compelling in the first season.. . Furthermore, the animation quality has significantly decreased, with noticeable drops in detail, fluidity, and consistency throughout the episodes. The show also deviated too far from the source material, making questionable changes that left fans feeling confused and disappointed.. . Overall, the second season of "The Promised Neverland" ...
When this anime was announced, many expected the best show of the millennia. The reason was the story being written by the author of Legend of the Galactic Heroes and the artwork being done by the mangaka of Full Metal Alchemist. Both titles are exceptional and are even in my top 10. Unfortunately, Arslan is not even top 1000 material. Compared to its predecessors:. - It lacks the semi-realistic character designs of LOGH. - Its cast lacks the charisma and individual importance of FMA characters. - It looks bland compared to the ethereal artstyle of the 90s version of Arslan. . Another way to view it is like the 2 ...
Area no Kishi is very similar to Cross Game. Slight spoilers ahead, but these happen in the first few episodes.. . Both Cross Game and Area no Kishi feature the death of a loved one that both the male lead and female lead feel devastated by. The repercussions of this person's death reverberate through the series and propel the main characters to pursue their respective sports because the loved one's dream was for them to become the greatest.. . However, the two series diverge eventually, and Area no Kishi definitely branches in a better direction. The Knight in the Area is definitely more of a character-centric series rather than ...
Art, animation, music are all fine to great. Story is kinda garbo. To avoid spoilers, genocide is viewed as both something that has to happen, and is a sad event for the one doing it. Characters' pasts are glossed over in favor of having a cohesive "hero" team, and somehow still the worst part is the ever increasing lore around Ymir and the Titans.. . If you've been enjoying the direction that AoT has been going with a greater focus on magic and fate then chances are decent you'll enjoy this season as well (though god knows the manga readers didn't appreciate the ending). If you enjoyed ...
This will be the first anime review I ever made. Now I’m not picky when watching anime, I have watch over 300+ anime and my average is around 7-8/10.. . One big critique I have for this anime is the pacing. It jumps around a lot with little to no explanation. The character lacks depth, they’re all generic and boring. They gave you little to no time to get attached before killing them off and then we are supposed to be crying about it?. Even the villains are crappy and not well written.. I do give props to the voice acting, animation and music. And honestly ...
This OVA is crap. It's just game play with added scenes. What's worse is the resolution is horrible even by 2006 standards, it looks out of focus constantly. The sound is not only terrible, it is also very low I had to turn my sound way up and still could barely make out what they were saying. I tried but I could only make it to the 40 minute mark. This is essentially unwatchable, I don't understand why this has a 9 rating on 9 anime and a 6 rating here. I have watched the other Biohazard videos and enjoyed them, I thought I ...
I’ll be honest, it’s not as horrible as I had been led to believe.. . Don’t get me wrong, Skelter + Heaven is a garbage film to be sure, but its short length (19 mins, ~15 when you exclude the opening and ending) cannot possibly carry the sheer levels of disappointment present in other awful films. I won’t state it here, but a certain popular movie holds a firm 1/10 on my profile, being far more disappointing in terms of time investment (that’s 1.5h of my life I’ll never get back….) as opposed to this 19 minute blip.. . Overall, I obviously don’t recommend this piece of garbage, but ...
It's hard admitting when you're wrong, so boy am I hard right now! Like many others raised on Adult Swim programming, I have been a fan of Vash since I was a wee lad, and was positively giddy to see him return for a new entry in the series. 1998's Trigun is a classic story of the long-suffering do-gooder who's villainized, but nevertheless prevails against all odds. To see that depicted in 2023 was a prospect which had fans excited; we were all coming home again so fast you might even call it a stampede! In fact, it was called that: Trigun Stampede! However, now ...
As an avid anime fan, I was excited to dive into Blood Blockade Battlefront, but unfortunately, it fell short of my expectations. The plot was convoluted and confusing, with too many characters and subplots that never fully developed. The animation was lackluster, with choppy movements and uninspired designs. The voice acting was also subpar, with flat performances that failed to bring the characters to life.. . The main character, Leonardo Watch, was particularly disappointing. He lacked depth and personality, making it difficult to care about his journey. The supporting cast was equally unremarkable, with forgettable personalities and uninteresting backstories.. . The action scenes were the only redeeming quality of ...
=====This review was written after watching the trilogy of Hi-Evolution movies. I wasn't sure if I wanted to drop it here or at part 3 but I decided I should leave it here. Also, this review comes from an all-time fan of the OG series, the spin-off movie and even AO=====. . Wow, I'm speechless. This movie is insulting, to the point that it almost appears to be intentionally disastrously directed making the dumbest timeskips and cuts throughout. Whom was this even made for and for what purpose? Is it fun to take a legendary classic series and wipe your ass all over it? These are the ...
Just another late to the party trash reincarnation anime.. The story has direction, but lost on the way.. They tried to be goofy and funny, instead it's just stupid.. Each character felt bland and existed for the sake of existing, I'm honestly not against nonsensical stuff but there's a limit on how much nonsense can be accepted to make a story entertaining.. It started when the MC died as the most powerful being in their kingdom and then reincarnated as a female protagonist where she defeated huge monster as a literal baby. That's not where the problem lies, the problem lies later on when the ...
A show about a squad of female fighter pilots training to become good enough to not get banned by the JASDF (Japanese Air Self Defense Force - yes, this is also a military ad in some ways) - count me in! The detailed drawings of all things mechanical, the concept of the show itself and even the visual character design is great, but sadly the writing is abysmal. Because it was the "style of the time", they had to include a love triangle with the super-lame male protagonist, which forces all the female characters go head over heel about that dude for absolutely no reason ...
I was expecting so much more than just a cliche anime. The character design is so interesting and the animation is truly amazing but that's all. The plot is a mix of Noragami and Naruto. That's not necessarily a bad thing but the bad thing is that it has nothing to add after that (having a panda in the series is not considered adding something special). Also, it annoys me when anime make a character overpower(a villain or a hero). If the hero is overpowered he never gets defeated but if a villain is overpowered he gets defeated easily af. That's what Jujutsu Kaisen did. ...
My overall experience with the show has been very underwhelming.. . To start with how S1 ended going into S2, the main character ALREADY knows that he’s “too OP” but when you start watching S2; Feels like he has amnesia and forgets he’s OP. The story feels flat, as if the direction got derailed somehow. I understand that the show wants more spotlight for new characters, but I’m just not feeling it. We’re here to watch some OP shenanigans, not disgruntled students.. . The enemies; again, underwhelming. Feels too forced on the whole “mwah ha ha I’m evil cause I’m bad” type of feel and would rather ...
cringe.. . shitty plot, shitty mc, shitty all. . story boring, simple as that. i see no development, kazuya is a garbage. this is like any other anime with all the waifus, harem and stuff, waifu wars. and probably cliché ending where some heroine will cry their tears out in the end. 1/10. . art style, good. i love ruka's style. tho i said good but there's nothing special about it. probably that's the only special thing about this anime.. . characters, shit. shit mc, and shit all. probably the not shitty one is only sumi. Like i said kazuya stay scum till the end. Mizuhara only doing her job so i ...
Umisea was kind of a letdown, to be honest (´･･)... While the idea of a shark vtuber and a squid vtuber going on adventures in the ocean sounds cool, the show just didn't deliver for me. The characters were (¬_¬) kind of bland and lacked depth, and the story was predictable and (´-ω-) unexciting. I kept waiting for something interesting to happen, but it just never did (¯_(ツ)/¯).. . The animation and production values of Umisea were also disappointing. The animation was simplistic and lacked the detail and fluidity that you would expect from a modern animated series (╯︵╰,). The sound design was also nothing to write ...
Hilariously bad. Fat bullied nerd gets a second body that's super hot and strong and fast and perfect and his life is awesome now and he beats everyone up. The End.. . There's no real downsides to his situation and he has no real conflicts or even any stakes. This new "lookism" world isn't explained by the show, or really even established. Just that ugly people get ultra-bullied, I guess? The themes of the show aren't even explored. Characters aren't even worth getting into.. . Half this show just is a fat nerd getting beat up and the other half is girls going oh my god this ...
Arcana Famiglia (AF henceforth) is using a lot of baits to lure you in, but as soon as you bite you just shake around and try to escape. The intro picture makes it look like a badass story about macho mafia dudes with superpowers. YEAH AWESOME! And then you read the description and it says it’s nothing more than a reverse harem. LAME! But who knows, maybe it will be a good reverse harem in the likes of Ouran Host Club. And it’s revealed right away that it hardly is.. . It all boils down to the most unimpressive heroine. She is not sympathetic at all, which ...
I watch this show as a kid and it was my first anime I ever watched that got me hook, decide rewatch as a adult and it would be good or even great as anime that are heavily marked to children if it hadn't any degenerate topics that doesn't need be of the writing in this show.. . - age gap, Ikuto is senior age 15-17 is obsessive but down playing it as crushing on main female character amu who is newly turn teen 10-12.. - incest Utau is Ikuto's younger sister. Utau was deeply infatuated with him ever since she was a child, but over time her ...
The story isn't half bad but is also isn't very original and becomes pretty dull and repetitive after several episodes. Basically it revolves around a segment of finding some new character to help find and then a fight proceeding directly after that. Overall I can't give it more than like a 6 for story and character development but it would still be watchable if that was all that was wrong with it.. . Unfortunately, the major issue with this show is the combat animation and alien character designs. The animation used in every fight is about as basic and terrible as can be and is reminiscence of ...
This episode was fine ( GOOD ) but I wouldn't RECOMMEND this particular One. I'm not gonna spoil but this episode has so much plot HOLES and armour. The AOT started with very good StoryLINE but there are so many things which just not Good only Overrated and overhyped Show but still one of my favourite till Now.. . STORY - It's STORYLINE is one of the BEST ever known till this episode.. . Characters - Except for some, there are good written characters.. . Sound track - Here AOT takes win. Sound effects are very amazing.. . Animation - Good but not the BEST. Mappa could've done more better animation for a ...
To keep it simple, good for kids/family but for teens and adults it's not worth the time.. . Story. Really promising in the beginning, because we get what we came for, the boy trained by the beast, but later we will get other "emotional" plots that don't have enough time to feel relevant and can become boring and predictable. . Characters. Simple but likeable, they have some personal struggles to make them feel more alive but make illogical decisions sometimes. . Antagonist. No motivation, no logic, no buildup. ...
Ready to be confused? Okay!. A common issue with early film (not just Japanese animation) is that you'll find more than one version of the same concept, named the same thing. This is especially true with famous fairy tales or stories, or with really successful films that other studios will rip off. Urashima Taro is considered a classic Japanese fable, and there are a lot of versions. This particular version is tinted pink and lasts a minute and 40 seconds (You can find it legally and for free here: https://animation.filmarchives.jp/en/works/view/72126. . If that wasn't bad enough for discourse, it gets worse! For years, THIS film was thought to ...
Jashin-chan Dropkick is a show for anyone who likes characters with bad, irredeemable, one note personalities and no story development whatsoever.. . . The show is basically a gory buddy comedy about a chuuni gothic lolita girl named Yurine and a devil snake girl named Jashin that she apparently summoned. Jashin wants to return to her home (hell) but has to kill Yurine to do that. But she sucks at her attempts to do so and gets brutally punished for it by Yurine who is also a massive sadist.. . For me this show has not a single good vibe, it's toxic all around, which completely muffles every attempt at ...
honestly, I have not read the manga, but season 1 of this show is NOT good. Watch Vinland Saga, ranking of kings, or literally anything else with a rating of 8 or higher. You will enjoy it more. The characters in JJK are not entertaining and the story is bland as fuck. Gojo will get anime mystery disease or some bullshit because he's too strong. With that in mind, he's the only decent character, but he still has less character development than a one-piece side character that's in one arc. Basically, its the most mid shit you can watch. I guess if you like good ...
Blue Exorcist was very hyped when it came out, for two reasons. One being the only thing most people care about, the pretty colors. The animation was very good compared to most other anime which are cutting their budgets because they are just making cheap promotions of the source material. The other positive was the very exciting beginning, which was promising a lot, only to deliver nothing. In the first two episodes, the protagonist finds out he is the son of the devil, he vows before his foster father’s corpse to become the most powerful exorcist and to destroy him with his infernal powers. What ...
Angelic Layer has a decent premise but ultimately fails to do anything with it. I'm all for battle anime about a sport where you control essentially, an avatar. The problem is the lack of any description of any fights.. . For a battle show, good fights make or break it since that is the only focus of the show. Yet, despite this focus on fights, the fights do not seem very exciting. While the show tries to create a sense of tension in the air when fighting, there are not enough descriptors, monologues, or commentary on the fights. Since it is a show about fighting, you would ...
This anime adaptation manages to improve upon the source manga making it merely very bad instead of appealing. It's still a bad series, it's just better than the original, mostly due to cutting out a lot of incest related content. Don't watch it, it's not worth it.. . In all seriousness though, the author clearly knows how to make a joke, it's just that the genuine humor in this series gets buried under the avalanche of the cheap shock value. The main concept of series - the cool beauty being hentai poisoned loner, isn't that bad of a set up for the comedy. It's just that the ...
This anime is utter disaster.. I do not recommend it.. Could cause depression if i didn't have one already.. I saw trailer for this and i thought it's alright.. After watching first episode i can for certain say it's not alright.. VA's voices don't match characters at all, story doesn't make any sense, art looks too vibrant for what's portrayed and it looks like done by amateur anyway. no i przechlapane ogólnie z tą stroną, ponieważ aby napisać recenzje trzeba się nagłowić jak chomik w kołowrotku XDDD. Mimo pocenia się, aby napisać w tym bezużytecznym angielskim to i tak wal się, liż mi jaja bo ...
Well, folks, it's time to talk about the train wreck that is "Ore ga Suki nano wa Imouto dakedo Imouto ja nai," or as I like to call it, "Costco Brand Incest-Service: The Anime." At first glance, the show seemed like it had a mildly entertaining rom-com plot about a slightly perverted sister who writes a fan-fic about her brother falling in love with her. Entertaining premise, but boy, did it take a nosedive into a flaming dumpster fire after the first few episodes.. . Let's start with the animation. The first few episodes had decent animation, nothing spectacular but it was serviceable. However, as the show ...
This OVA feels like screenshots from manga/anime. It is basically just an ad for the manga series and anime. There´s no movement in the scenes and only transitions are used.. . The story is shorter version of the anime and it goes through Yuukure´s and Risa´s realitionship. The artwork is nice. Compared to the anime there´s zero action in the clips and it is boring. Gladly each clip is only around 2 minutes long. It is just a recap.. . The clips don´t leave anything interesting for viewer to read the manga. It is basically just like "We are such a cute couple and we love ...
ive seen the ova first and all i have to say is im scared asf shocked no emotion every muscle and will to live has left my body it is pure Alabama incest its like Pornhub put step "sis fucks step bro" as there title kissxsis was incest and pure worse but this one is way worse than kissxsis its sad how the voice acting animation and art style is so good but the story is the bigger problem the characters were just typical hentai puppets if u like incest hentai pls seek help the story and the characters background was just shoving ...
When I started writing this review, I was a little more generous than I think it deserves. This anime deserves a D, it just barely passes the bar, and I would not recommend it, even conditionally, to anyone.. . Summer Time Rendering is ultimately a grab bag of fun sci-fi for young adults mainstays, *rendered* in as cheap and juvenile a way as you possibly could. There is no point throughout the show where you will not be held by the hand, with CONSTANT over-explanation of everything: not only pertaining to the mystery at hand, but all aspects down to every thought of, well, not ...
I feel really bad for shoujo manga and light novel fans. They hardly get any decent adaptations of recent properties and really have to either get into manga or settle for less then stellar works. But SAFT is really bad, to the point of being indefensible. Yes, Im talking about the slavery shit.. . Its an unwritten rule in these types of fantasy shows that if for some reason there is slavery its very downplayed or the slavery feels nothing like real world slavery. However, SAFT goes out of its way to present slavery in a very realistic way with the fairies being an underclass, the property ...
This is absolutely disgusting. I never been so disturbed by an anime in my life that it makes me sick to my stomach. Imagine waking up one day and thinking “oh I’m just gonna write about a girl finding a puppy and using the nonexistent plot to normalize bestiality and animal cruelty.” Call it what you want but bottom line, the author should be in prison for this. As for the seiyuus, there are so many things that you could have done instead of this. It’s not worth it. I’m disappointed in you Japan for this bs. Plz erase this abomination from anime history and ...
This is a prime garbage tier anime. It encompasses all the worst depravity that is Japan. You should feel ashamed when watching it. If you don't, you're probably a danger to society.. Plot - Non-existent. There is a claim to be one, but its just an excuse to look at young girls panties.. Animation - Not very good. Most of the budget is spent on the numerous gratuitous panty shots.. Characters - No depth. 100% trope.. Story - Trash. I almost never stop watching an anime once I start, but this is getting painful.. Overall - If you're a miserable wretch of a human ...
So this was insanly dissapointing.. . This Anime did not make close to enough improvement or developement of Characters or Story to be interessting.. It makes you feel like watching the same episode over and over again because exactly the same happens over and over again.. . For People who hoped for an good horror Comedy Anime this will end up boring and dissapointing, it doesnt has any Comedy Elements that make u enjoy this Anime or actually grin or laugh to it.. I only watched it through hoping for anything catching to happen but it didnt.. . The Animations are alright i would say.
I am a hardcore isekai fan. I will even sit through really bad Isekai just to get my fix. However, this anime is really really bad. It's sad because the story is a really good story. However,it feels like the production team was like, "Make this anime, here's 10,000 yen. Air date is in two weeks." The anime runs WAY to fast. So much so that I was confused half way on what was happen. All the side characters have no depth at all. And even the CGI enemies were so bad, I couldnt care less who won. It's really ...
STORY SECTION. . Post-apocalyptic world, animal-like mutants, a submarine out to save what’s left of humanity by an insane scientist, and some more typical elements, packed in only 2 hours. The main theme of the story is hardly original. The pace of the story is almost predictable. The conclusion is on the other hand promising but fails to wrap the story smoothly or even to make sense. You almost feel like the scriptwriters were not given enough time and ended the story in a rush, unfulfilling way. The scenario clearly needed more episodes and development in order to run smoothly and to make sense. As it is, ...
D4DJ All Mix: A disappointing sequel for a series that had potential.. D4DJ comes with a second season, after a special that was released not long ago, with some low-key hype for more fun interactions of our main group and hopefully some good songs.. . Unfortunately, it looks like this is not it, as it failed to hit all the marks I've hoped for.. Similar to Bandori, D4DJ uses the first season to introduce the bare cast of the series, but with the next seasons being filled with many side characters that anime onlies have never heard of before.. This is also the case with D4DJ, but unluckily, we also ...
I expected quite a lot from it. if nothing else, I wanted to see cool fights between humans and gods. And you know what I got? Talking, watching characters turn into weapons talking, talking, talking... UhUh... Oh, and also long shots of the opponents looking at each other with evil expressions.. . Characters And Story 4/5:. The story is not complicated. The gods are angry on humanity and want to exterminate them. But people have the right to fight back, and if they win at least seven of the 14 fights in the arena, they will be spared. Nothing complex, but it can work if the characters ...
Ahh yes, Code Geass. The anime with so much circlejerking for the MC that any sane guy is surprised how did this fandom didn't get caught in the stereotype radar (both the circlejerker and sane guy is me). For one thing, I loved the original TV show so much; the narration is pretty dynamic, Lelouch/Zero's strategies putting down the opponents' tactics, Lelouch going through his existential crisis, watching the Black Knights grow as if its your child, etc, etc. But the first three movies didn't hit the mark, if anything, they are just recap movies with much of the vital points removed for the worse.. . At ...
[THIS WAS WRITTEN RIGHT AFTER WATCHING IT AND ON MY SOCIAL MEDIA ACC. KEEPING THIS HERE FOR AN ARCHIVE]. Legend of the gold of Babylon is done and man what a weird one (again). This is my first real exposure to part 3 in any meaningful way and man. I’m really not that big on the character designs; like in theory I should love how loose and expressive they are but in practice it all feels TOO loose and too expressive. Everyone’s movements and expressions are way too mushy and all over the place for my liking. It’s just a personal preference thing really, part 3 ...
this one started off with promise, but it quickly became apparent that there must have been issues during development, or that the team in charge of animating this just did not feel the project deserved any heart or love+care. the animation in this show is akin to watching paper cut outs being moved around by a 10 year old. the story+plot arcs are lack luster after the first 2 episode.. . overall this one has poor animation, lackluster character design, a generic story, and awful overall delivery. Essentially, this anime has no redeeming qualities about it once you hit episode 3. i'd recommend a solid pass ...
"NANTO UTSUKUSHI ANIME DESU? MOTTO MOTTO SUGOI". -A blind and deaf man having lost his taste buds. . Wow, this anime is amazing. The plot is unlike any I have seen so far. The pacing is splendid, the characters are just too well defined and well done, like Gordon Ramsay's steak. It is just fascinating to watch this anime I WANT MOREEE I WANT MOREEEEE.. . The main character is so mysterious, he has such realistic and well-formed dialogues and interactions with people and other characters support him by saying only one word "Ray-Kun! You're so strong Iyaahh undress me and push me down" *Ahem* I may have gotten ...
Note: This covers the whole animated franchise up until 2023.. . Unlike with Amaama to Inazuma I was fully prepared to tear Amanchu to pieces but I decided that wasn’t fair so I rewatched what I watched back in 2017 about it, and continued with the sequel. And I’m glad I did that because the show wasn’t at all like I thought I remembered it to be. Learned a good lesson to rewatch the show you are going to talk about in order to talk about it correctly, for a second time.. . Anyways my first impressions about Amanchu! back to six years ago was that it was a ...
To be honest, after careful deliberation I have concluded that you either have to be 12 or a pedophile to like this show. I'll start off with the positives I suppose, then move on to the negatives:. . Positives - The animation isn't bad. This IS an anime after all, so I have to give it that much. Also, the male MC had some potential as a character and some slight character growth in the series. Slight.. . Negatives - Nagatoro literally looks like a middle schooler. This show was often extremely uncomfortable to watch, and the fact that this was trending as popular on Crunchyroll amazes me ...
Well, it's running. This show sure is about running.. . Track and field is a competitive sport featuring running races and courses. How does one make a show about running, of all things? Well, you have to start with having a good cast of characters. After all, the sport isn't exciting to watch. While you compete in track and field, the only strategy is to "run to the goal" in the shortest time possible. Well, Kaze ga Tsuyoku Fuiteiru miserably fails at trying to create an engaging cast of characters.. . First off is the melodrama. It's cringe. You have 10 track and field players that seemingly get dragged ...
Exacerbates stereotypes on the ideal woman and excessively utilizes basic tropes.. . This anime pretty much glorifies the idea that the perfect woman is one who is pretty, cooks well, cleans, and feels the validation to do so to feel needed (because of course she has trauma). I really don't understand how other viewers find this show to be wholesome. I really tried to give it a fair shot despite cringing during every episode. Despite being a bland, average character himself, on purpose to make the average male audience relate to him, he is portrayed as not being like "other guys". All the characters follow common anime ...
If you're not seeking much depth contrary to any promised plot, then this is a good pick and I recommend it. Moreso empty cast members with no room for growth after--maybe!--a single event. If you need stuff to happen, even if it doesn't really, then I also recommend it for you. However, if you're intrigued by the premise, worldbuilding, and character designs... it *might* exist?. . .. . This review is of someone who dropped it ~6 episodes in so there's plenty of room for ignorance; guesstimation due to it being a full-series-in-one situation, but nowhere near a full half of it. This reviewer was tempted to stick ...
What the hell happened to this adaptation?. I don't know how many people have never read this manga and watched this anime for the first time. It was a bad journey. I'm not talking about kids under 7 who watched this anime. I say people older than 7. God, I know this is an anime from '93, '94, but look at Dragon ball GT, I won't say more. The story was cut halfway, and believe me, they cut the best parts. The only positive thing I found is the ost, the songs are quite nice and smooth, I mean the song in the last episode. I ...
As a fan of the original visual novel, Higurashi GOU probably would have disappointed me if I didn’t already know that people thought it was bad. The first half of the show made me ask, "why does this exist?” It seemed like the same stuff from the original Higurashi but with different deaths. This was kinda boring to me especially since they teased in the first episode that Rika has all her memories from the original Higurashi. I think it would have been more interesting to make her the protagonist to show her perspective on mostly the same events. Instead, we follow Keichi like normal ...
This show has gotten tons of praise, and my friends have mentioned it before, so I decided to check it out. Trigger being in the credits only encouraged me. I ended up incredibly disappointed with what I saw: a melee of violence, nudity, and cursing that had little reason to be in this anime except to fill out the run time, to compensate for the shallowness of this anime, and to convince viewers that they're watching a mature big boy cartoon.. . At least Edgerunners lives up to its name. It is the anime equivalent to an edgy teenage boy who tries to compensate for his ...
This show was actually not that bad. However, the way story and characters especially Shadow were written is completely horrible.. . There are tons of isekai go the same road, op protagonist who bland in background. But they somewhat applied some kind of logic and reasoning for how or why our protagonist become that way. In Shadow case, he's straight up op in previous life by superhuman level by no real reason. And reincarnated, again got super op by whatever reason. In comparison, "The World's Finest Assassin Gets Reincarnated in Another World as an Aristocrat" has the similar approach, but Lugh was well written as a ...
To start off, I watched this after I finished the manga and before I watched brotherhood. I’m not going to ramble on the differences between this and brotherhood but instead how much it varies from the original and various other aspects.. . 1) Story. The story not only varied way to much from the original but is also kinda bad. Granted, the manga wasn’t even 3 volumes in when they created the 03’ anime, in fact Hiromu said to just come up with their own story. I don’t know if the ending is the same as the manga but I doubt it is.. . 2) The Art. The art on this ...
Arjuna may seem to be yet another mahou shoujo, but it’s actually the Japanese counterpart of the American Captain Planet cartoon. Its prime directive is to teach the target audience how to respect nature and the basics of ecology. It’s also moralistic with long serious monologues which can easily pass as preachy. Learning stuff through anime can be fun but not when the characters are telling you to open your textbook on page 123.. . It’s fairly unorthodox as a mahou shojo, since the lead girl’s magic powers are not used on every episode, she has strange-looking clothes, and her prime weapon is a bow. Most of ...
I picked up Uma Musume: Pretty Derby, not because I thought this was going to be a particularly good show, but because it did at least have an interesting premise. That is, I didn't have any context for the show other than that these girls were anthropomorphized horses.. . Well, any promise of the show basically died after episodes 1 and 2. I figured out pretty early on that this show was probably an anime original for how many characters there are. Lo and behold, the show was a game adaptation. No wonder. There's just no way you can create a cohesive show with 10+ characters. It's ...
This film was terrible.. It took everything I loved about the two seasons of Isekai Quartet and tossed them out the window in favor of creating a very serious story almost completely devoid of jokes or humor with a couple movie-original characters that we're now meant to care about for some reason.. Sorry to the Megumin-golem girl, but we came to see the original cast in new, whacky situations created from them being all mixed up together, not to see your relationship struggles with Vera.. Very, sorry to say you're defintely the least likeable part of this movie. Maybe you would have been fun if we'd gotten to ...
I'm convinced that Trigger has some of the most talented artists in the industry and some of the worst writers. Or pushiest executives. The show is gorgeous, vivid, and genuinely a breath of fresh air compared to some of the art styles of the modern era. The writing, on the other hand, really needs to have some more room to explore what it is its even trying to say. There is such a non committal game being played with the messaging and themes that it makes me believe an original story was had, and was great, but a room full of studio execs pulled it ...
The mecha genre is separated into giant robots which are rule of cool and real robots which are more about the war drama. Argevollen belongs to neither type, since its action is not cool and the war is boring. The cast is bland archetypes, the robots are all CGI, and you are never given any reason to care about who wins or who dies. And by the way, nobody important dies, not even amongst the secondary ones. What kind of a war is this?. . A pretty dull one, that’s the kind it is. It’s just done for natural resources with no political aspect to it. Why ...
This anime is genuinely one of the most awful shows that I have ever had the displeasure of watching. I haven't really engaged with, nor enjoyed for that matter this sort of show for years (for a good reason too). However, usually with shows such as 'The Asterix War' or 'Chivalry of a Failed Knight' you get some semblance of plot or interesting action. All this show has to offer is 'plot', pestiferous voice acting, and pretty appalling animation.. . The interactions between Minato, Musubi, and all the other women who make up this harem are fake even when judged by the criteria of this genre. ...
Well, well, well, call me a black sheep, but I gotta say, Nana is just soso in my book. I mean, I've heard so many people rave about it, so I thought I'd give it a shot, but by episode 10, I was already like, "meh, should I just move on to something else?" But I held on, I persevered, and I finally finished it at episode 47. And you know what? It's still just soso for me.. . Despite my lukewarm feelings towards Nana, there are some things I enjoyed. The music is amazing, and the bands' performances are a highlight. I also appreciate the realistic ...
There are some things that really bother me when it comes to movies or TV-series. This anime hits a lot of them, so let's go through some.. . -- Weak story. The story is simple. A guy is treated extremely badly, gains the power to turn back time and undo it all, decides to not undo anything but rather to go through it again just to get the chance to get revenge. It doesn't make sense for anyone who has actually seen trauma. It is just revenge porn for entitled douchebags who think they've seen trauma because a girl they were nice to didn't want to have sex ...
This show is hot garbage.. . The biggest issue is the gaggle of "Hot guy" mannequins with NO distinction or personality. To quote another reviewer, @Fia2727, "Men? Blander than the baby powder ... Each character just looks like the same default Sim repainted over and over again with a clown's tampon.". . I pushed through this, just to see if maybe they would pull it through in the end, but... no... After 12 episodes, I can maybe identify 3 or 4 of them and even then, I have to question if I'm even looking at the right one, or if they are a "good guy," or " ...
This anime disguises itself as a shonen focussed around battling... but is actually more akin to a shoujo.. . It does a good job luring you in at the start with the concept of the MC actually being a battle-freak guy.. 'he's just trapped in the body of a girl'.. I managed to stomach it up to the 9th episode, however by that point it had already devolved into an unholy mix of isekai trash meets shoujo.. The original concept was interesting, and in the first few episodes there are some enjoyable moments, these however greatly decrease in quality and frequency as the show progresses.. It combines the 'MC ...
Re-main started as a great show but ended up being the most generic drama in existence. Be warned that this show tricks you to think that it's a sports show, but it's a drama with water polo wrapped around it.. . The pilot episode was very good. The amnesia that Minato suffers is cheesy, but the pilot executes the pacing and sets the tone of the story. Minato loses his memories, goes through rehabilitation, gets accepted to a new school, and get introduced to two to three new characters, and everything seems quite natural. You aren't overloaded with information, but a lot of events happen. The second ...
Honestly, if I were Junji Ito, I'd be deeply insulted at Studio DEEN for releasing such fucking mediocre adaptations of my work. I didn't keep up with 'The Junji Ito Collection' beyond the first couple of episodes because of this, but the team behind it has now released 'Junji Ito: Maniac' on Netflix, and it's the exact same shitshow as its' predecessor.. . I get that trying to translate Ito's illustrations into something animated is a Herculean task - which is probably why Hiroshi Nagahama's 'Uzumaki' adaptation has been delayed like 12 times. And considering this team came back for more, I believe they also love Ito's ...
Apparently I've found god and he takes the form of a motorcycle. Simply cause he can smash through glass, smash through solid wall with no damage and float on a tight rope deying any type of physics which I get anime but come on who created this and thought it was cool?. . The characters are all painfully cliche and the most trope covered thing in both anime/tv shows in general thats I've personally ever seen and I say this seeing a little bit of Darling plus HSotD. At least those scenarios were sort of funny you could laugh at. This is basically that one kid who ...
My first exposure to The Eminence in Shadow was my friend on Discord singing praises for the anime. He told me it was a parody show that took all these tired isekai cliches and turned them on their head, much like Overlord. And he was right; The Eminence in Shadow is much like Overlord in that they both use the illusion of satire to deliver the same regurgitated stories and character archetypes as the genre they claim to parody, played completely straight with only the slightest modicum of irony to keep the veil from dropping. At first glance, you wouldn’t even be able to tell ...
You know, Comic Artist and His Assistants was so close to being a recommended anime for me. It's both funny in sad in its all too real portrayal of the modern Japanese man; awkward, anti-social, unable to properly talk to women or distinguish fantasy from reality. it could have worked as either a lampooning of the ecchi genre or just straight up ecchi with social commentary and I would have lauded it as one of the more standout horny comedies. It was so close. But the problem is it wants to sexualize women who look prepubescent in the creepiest possible manner. It's one thing to ...
It started as one of my season's favorite anime because I believed that the plot was super original... I mean we all have saw the tipical plot of the otome game but this one was different.. At the beginning it started giving us that fresh air of originality that it had.. but at certain point it became repetetitive.. . Lieselotte having a lot of trusting issues is funny initially, but when you are in chapter 8 and half of the plot has move on you are like "really?" at this point you are still having that kind of issues? Not to mention than she has the ...
I was very disappointed with "Inu ni Nattara Suki na Hito ni Hirowareta." The plot was lacking, and the characters were poorly developed. The animation and soundtrack were average at best. I was also horrified by the perverted content in the anime, especially the themes of bestiality, which I found to be morally wrong. I did not enjoy this show and would not recommend it. While the idea of a boy turning into a dog and being taken in by a girl sounded interesting, the execution fell flat. Overall, I found this anime to be a waste of time and was left feeling very shocked.
I had high hopes for this, it’s has my favorite trope rarely shown in media where there a male mc who falls in love with a girl who’s his complete opposite in a good way. It’s kinda projects my taste in men ig nerdy & cute in a way.. . Sadly it’s too perverse which anime & manga creators can’t seem to not have in their works from fear of low viewership. Started watching anime in primary school so perverted stuff used to go over my head but im a grown woman now & don’t want to watch perverted scenes between highschool students or minors due ...
I really don't see the point of watching this "Kanzenban" edition of The Magnificent Kotobuki other than the additional background info given in the beginning of the movie. It's neither kan (complete) nor zen (whole).. . Really, the only reason you want to watch this movie is just for the first 10 minutes of the movie which provides new background content that helps set the plot of the anime series. Beyond that, the movie is a just a horrible compilation of the series with emphasis on the action and aerial dogfighting. Cutting a nearly-four-hour series and trimming it into half the runtime is not exactly the ...
Started out fairly promising but never really got any better, only continuously more confusing. I haven't read the Manwha but i get the feeling so much of the world of this manwha was left out in the anime. The whole anime is almost lacking of any substance or context. Things just happen and appear without any explanation. Motives for characters are not revealed at all for all 13 episodes except for the Green Lizard girl who is really the only one with any background and even hers is kind of vague. Idk it just feels like an anime that was rushed and probably missing a ...
This anime is old, so as a watcher in 2023 I wasn’t expecting animation to be mind blowing. That being said, the art is pretty and the animation is OK. Is that it for this show though?. . Story: 5. If your looking for an anime that starts of “cutesy” then slowly falls into a darker story then you may enjoy this; I personally love these kind of stories but this particular series failed to capture real depth. Keep in mind it’s 13 episodes and focuses on an array of character plots that quite frankly feel rushed and incomplete for the most part. It does contain some potentially ...
I Skipped everything in this season. This whole thing should have ended on her birthday but instead we got 12 episodes of nothing.. . I don't care what happens in the story since it should have ended with a confession on new year and the character are quite vgood but this is a second season so nobodey gives a shit about everything else around the main couple since the story is just a prolonged v-day.. . THIS IS MY ADVICE: THE MOMENT YOU SEE KUZUHAYA TAKE OUT CHOCOLATE OUT OF HIS LOCKER SKIP TO THE LAST 3 MINUTES OF THE LAST EPISODE. IDK WHY BUT IT IS SO ...
One word; overrated.. . As much as I loved the movie's story and atmosphere, the execution is horrible. It's all over the place! So many things were happening in one go, and you couldn't even process anything, because they throw major plots in one go.. . I heard a few things about the novel and they're extremely important scenes in my opinion, however, they didn't add them to the movie which made many things questionable, unreasonable and funny.... For example, the character development doesn't make any sense, it goes from "haha I'm evil" to "I'm your bestie" in two minutes without any explanation like HOW???????? AM I SUPPOSED ...
I tend to be a bit more generous about the beginning episodes of an anime if there's a story to be told, and you can clearly tell that the earlier episodes are going to build up to something.. . Well, gag shows like Keppeki Danshi! Aoyama-kun don't really have super serious overarching story. After all, it's a comedy. Maybe. This show seems a bit confused. There's just enough focus on football that it fails to maintain either identity. I just got off of watching Bamboo Blade, so it's definitely possible to balance slice of life, comedy, and sports in one show.. . Perhaps it's just that Keppeki ...
This does not feel like an anime, this feels like something a high school English teacher would put on so that people can analyze a novel without reading it.. . For those who do know this is an adaptation of a Japanese fantasy novel which from what I can tell from quick googling is considered good modern fiction over there, but something to point out is that this is an actual high school English-type book, not some light novel or manga, a full-on high concept piece of genre fiction. All of this led me to be excited, I loved last year's Hike-Monogatari which is in the ...
Hands down the worst anime adaptation I've even suffered through. I usually don't wirte bad reviews but this excuse of an adaptation was so disgusting that it deserved it. The pacing and story is completely butched in this season. Literally felt like a speedrun or something. The characters who were so well-developed and complicated in the manga are made to be so bland and annoying. I found myself literally hating the character who had been my favorite in the manga because they made everyone so insufferable. All the atmosphere and tension which was so beautifully crafted in the manga was thrown out the window. This ...
If the unoriginal character designs and cliche synopsis didn't turn you off from watching *insert unnecessarily long name here* let me do that for you.. . Anime writing has truly only become more incestuous in the last two decades. At some point, I guess the industry collectively understood that well-crafted narratives, human-like personality traits and eye-catching artstyles weren't a prerequisite for making a good return on investment - because holy shit people will actually watch garbage like this and enjoy it!. . I get that I'm not the target demographic for this anime as a 25 year old man; I should probably only be watching a few ...
Yeah, what a waste of time.. . It's never a good sign when your Main Character is a Mary Sue and the most annoying one of the whole ensemble and the more interesting characters lack time on screen.. . The story has an interesting premise but after episode 4 everything collapses and it becomes a mess.. . But by far the biggest flaw of this show is its fanservice. Some other review called it: " if cringe is an anime". This quote describes the issue pretty good. Holy Fuck, this anime is embarrassing. It seems that the show runners had to fulfill a quota of panty shots ...
I'm all for tomboys, but god damn this show is so boring.. . I don't really care about any of the characters. All of them combined have about as much personality as a the average "person" in a post on r/offmychest, and the personalities that are there are astoundingly one-dimensional. Take Misuzu for example. Literally her entire personality is being emotionless and smart; she's Mikasa Ackerman if you took away all of the badassery, tenacity and underlying trauma, and put her in a shitty slice-of-life romance show where she plays the author's self-insert character. Arguably every other character is also just as uninteresting as Misuzu is, ...
When I went to see this anime my expectations were high, especially with regard to the protagonist Ayanokoji. The initial speech brings an interesting question "Are humans equal?", the more I watched the more this question lost value. I've seen a lot of high school animes, more of the same tires you especially when other people talk about this anime as if it were something amazing.. . In the first episode we are presented the school in which the anime will take place, is a prestigious school with high approval indicies that divides students into four classes (A, B, C and D) by skill level. The anime ...
A studio change and a drop in production quality has made season two of To Your Eternity an ultimately disappointing experience in comparison to the excellent season one. Studio Drive had massive shoes to fill, and sadly couldn't quite hit its mark. That isn't to say that season two of To Your Eternity is horrendously bad - it simply isn't good.. . The strength of the source material does ease the blow somewhat. Disappointing though it may be, To Your Eternity is still To Your Eternity, and the way it expands upon and adds complexity to the previous season is still good (though certain new characters ...
"Dear Iruma-kun fans, the lovable human dork is back and better than ever"...is what I WISH I can tell you. But boy, oh boy, Season 3 is to put it simply: a slogfest.. . For the 2nd time in a row, I need not mention that mangaka Osamu Nishi's Mairimashita! Iruma-kun a.k.a Welcome to Demon School! Iruma-kun is a juggernaut of a manga that is and still continues to be seralized weekly in Akita Shoten's Weekly Shonen Champion to high praise and fanfare amongst the hardcore Iruma-kun community since its start in 2017. Along with the anime's debut since Fall 2019 under the likes of Japan's primary ...
A lot of people tend to see isekai and write them off. The sheer volume of shows and manga being released in the genre definitely makes it seem like it's all quantity of quality. This show is a perfect example of how true that theory really is.. . The first season, albeit not great, was tolerable in places. The animation was subpar, the characters were one dimensional and the plot was unoriginal, but it was cute and harmless for the most part. The second season is an absolute abomination compared to what came before it. While the quality of the art may have improved in some ways, ...
I do not have enough words that can explain my hate and annoyance with this anime i just can't. This anime is one of the worst if not the worst anime i have ever seen in my life, i get so annoyed with these characters especially the mc just because of his emotionless face and even when he does have emotions its so badly drawn its barely noticeable i hate this anime so much it pisses me off that i was recommended this anime and have wasted my time watching it and the only reason i am watching it still is because i am so ...
It’s amazing how a show with such an interesting premise could turn out to be so boring. I watched this show because I remember reading the manga and liking it, but now that I think about it, I can’t recall what happened in that manga at all.. . Pros:. - The art and animation. There’s a lot of beautiful scenery and background, especially in the latter half of the show, and there is good animation as well, the magic, certain battles, as well as many flying scenes. There is some CGI but I don’t think it detracts from the show at all and is fairly well done.. . Mixed:. - Our ...
Overall Impression: Aa! Megami-sama is a romance about a college student, Keiichi Morisato, that is visited by the goddess Belldandy and granted one wish to balance out a run of misfortune, and so he wishes for Belldandy to stay with him forever, thus beginning their life together. It's a slice of life series with occasional multi-episode arcs, and is mostly light-hearted save for a few bits of drama here and there. Overall, while the series isn't without its merits, I was unimpressed by the romance and the main characters. This is one that can be skipped unless you're a big fan of the manga.. . + Positives: ...
A rather awful series. I truly do not comprehend how this was upheld as something groundbreaking or how some compared it to the absolute genius of Berserk (manga and 1998 adaptation). It is utterly insane to me someone described it this way or any of it as a masterpiece.. . It is void of depth and it does not make you care for really any of the characters. There's no investment. It doesn't sufficiently develop the time and interest and involvement to get characters involved when anything negative happens. If I didn't know any better I would think everyone who declared this a brilliant show was a ...
I'm gonna be honest and brief on this one. . I don't get the appeal. This anime lost me on the second ep but I kept going because of the overwhelming amount of people saying that this is the best anime ever.. My problem is the main character Bocchi. She she is not an introvert she is severely autistic.. . Me also being in the spectrum I also relate to her struggle as I was very similar to her when I was young how ever the main issue is that her behavior is beyond exaggerated and almost insulting.. . She doesn't really try to get better on her own but ...
It took me ages to complete this one and I barely laughed 4 times during the entire 13 episodes.. . While I absolute love comedy SOL anime, this one completely missed the mark with this humor. I guess it was because the comedy party didn't really translate well, and maybe those who speak Japanese found it funny. But for me this was one of the most boring anime I've watched in my life. The animation quality was decent, but the characters were one dimensional and had zero depth, even compared to other similar anime. Though I'm a big fan of the Manzai style of ...
This Show is a total garbage. Some might say i am exaggerating but deep down everyone knows this show is better of not existing. If you have watched Naruto (series) don't even think of watching this show and if you haven't at least your hopes won't be high. No matter how many chances are given to this show it will just give one watchable episode then the rest will be garbage again. It's better to save time and watch some other series. Sometimes this show is just all over the place too things that won't be just so easily happening is just suddenly ...
Perfectly terrible isekai:. . Lack of originality: The anime follows a well-worn trope of a character who is transported to a fantasy world and gains incredible powers. While this can be entertaining, "Kage no Jitsuryokusha ni Naritakute!" fails to bring any new or exciting elements to the genre.. . Poor pacing: The anime suffers from pacing issues, with some episodes feeling rushed and others dragging on for too long. This can make it difficult for viewers to stay engaged with the story and characters.. . Shallow characters: The characters in "Kage no Jitsuryokusha ni Naritakute!" lack depth and development, making it challenging to connect with them on ...
What's the deal with the high rating of this turd? I don't get it. All that this series has going for it is its Seiyuu cast which is excellent (in particular, Toru Furuya in the pants of the main protagonist is great as he's always been and Michie "Sailor Mars" Tomizawa in those of one of his sisters is equally great), its OPs and EDs and the animation that is, for the most part, fluid. Other than that the quality of this series is generally very weak in all regards: most of the episodes are not particularly well written to begin with and even when ...
I do not hate this anime because it is mediocre, I hate it because it somehow forced mediocrity into what, in all rights, should have been something good.. I think this is a prime example of ruining a good core concept. Fundamentally the plot is that a group of people who are distrustful of society are forced to fund their own vices through dangerous work that forces a level of trust they are uncomfortable with. This is put to the wayside by episode 3 when they all are more or less friends with some odd hobbies. It takes what could have been an interesting story ...
CLAMP are amongst the most famous old-school mangaka artists in Japan. They have produced many known titles and have created many all time classic characters. Sadly, the thing that makes their stories so interesting is the same that eventually bogs them down. They rarely develop and if they do, it is usually rushed and in the final parts of the story. That is seen as a hook for most who keep watching in hopes of something good to happen, only to be eventually disappointed most of the times with stories which have catchy themes and potential for greatness but are otherwise ruined in the name ...
This anime begins with one of the laziest plot devices that can make any story to play out however the author feels like it at any moment. Whether it’s Code Geass or Attack on Titan, the moment mind control comes into play nobody has free will. They stop being characters and become puppets that behave however the plot wants them to behave. The author is the first who realized it and stopped trying to flesh them out. That is why the characters are all 1-dimensional archetypes, defined by a single gimmick which they repeat in an identical manner in every episode.. . The premise is about the ...
Honestly, what was even the point in this?. . (Absolutely none of the slight spoilers below should be new info if you watch the first 5 minutes including the OP. This is acting solely to offer a gist beyond that, for those still on the fence whether to waste so much as 10 minutes skimming through these two episodes as I had. The first 5 minutes are truly that big an indicator!). . .. .. . .:CONFLICT:.. . FL’s father wanted her to marry into his friend’s family. This was said on the man’s deathbed and so there’s room for misinterpretation. In any case, the family friend believes he wants ...
I don't know how many people have watched and enjoyed the series, but I suspect they haven't seen the manga. This is a bad adaptation. First of all, the art is too bland, and boring. I know they wanted to develop the story of hachisaku-sama, but what I saw in eps 2 and 3 was nothing new, just annoying sex scenes. And you know what, they miss out on the remaining 6 stories in the manga, which to me are also very stimulating. Sound, music? Too disappointed. What to expect from the anime version compared to the manga other than the sound? But the dubbing ...
This is a minor anime Studio Sunrise made for the heck of it. It also has the director of the fail adaptation that was Fate/Stay Night so you can imagine how bad it will be.. . ART SECTION: 5/10 [Swords that pop out of boobies!]. . Since the setting takes place in the space era, expect the usual treatment: Lots of machines, lots of spaceships, lots of space battles, lots of alien planets, lots of aliens and lots of naked women… The last part sounds irrelevent, doesn’t it? Well, yes, it is. Half-naked female flesh is thrown all over the screen almost every 5 minutes for no other reason ...
The power of friendship – racism is bad and war is sad edition.. . 86 is an anime that wants to be taken seriously but simply doesn’t deserve it. If you can turn off your brain and manage to get lulled in by the emotional drama presented in smooth animation, then you stand a chance of having a good time. If you set your expectations any higher, you will be disappointed. In a nutshell, 86 is a bit like Code Geass with less intrigue and more tearjerker drama.. . For the rest of the review, I will assume you’ve read the synopsis. There won’t be any major story spoilers, ...
Anime Genre Roulette 🎰 Review 5 🎰 Shoujo. . The definition of melodrama. From the characters expressions down to the OST, there is not one moment that can be taken seriously or spark a real emotional reaction, everything is just so overwhelmed with drama that it ends up making what the MC is going thru feel fake. . You know what this reminds me of? The countless complaints i've heard as of late about mindless ecchi having guy MCs be surrounded by big titty girls to ogle at made for the soul perpouse of fulfilling the male fantasy, well this anime (and i'm sure others) is the equivalent of that ...
This anime starts off feeling like a world of wonder and that there will be great improvement/growth in the main character. And that she would spur the growth of those around her. This was not the case. And world building? Forget about it, 9 episodes and all you see is the castle and a small forest (at least that I can remember, it is that forgettable).. . After 8.5 episodes I finally realized I was waiting hopelessly for a payoff. I realized I felt empty and bored every episode.. . Nothing significant changes in the characters even after big events. It feels like there is no end goal, nothing. ...
This show is 24 episodes of nothing.. . Pretty much nothing happens in any episode. Not in terms of the classic romcom where there's little to no romantic development, i mean like, plot-wise. Nothing happens. This show is basically about nothing. I remember almost nothing about the series i just watched.. . Not one character is memorable, in design or personality.. It's a romcom but it isn't funny, ever.. The dialogue is just nothing.. This entire show is nothing.. . Every character is oddly mysterious and vague in ways that are unrealistic and make it really difficult to get through. It's like their only desperate attempt to scrape together some type of plot ...
Where should I even begin with this anime. Firstly, the anime had great potential unlike so many others. The story took place in this underwater city and between them going to school on land. It was interesting enough from the setting. However the story got horrible after the 3-4 episodes. The first & second episode was bearable and weren't all that bad due to the fact its the beginning of the story. But generally it worsen. Literally the story has so many plot holes and is generally boring over all. The time-skip made it horrible to. I forcefully watched this anime through-out the times ...
Ah yes here we go again. . Tokyo revenger s2 or chrstmas showdown arc just started and the protagonist is still the same. Still crying not able to fight and relying to this teammate. Why is this show even popular? oh right because it has gang on it.Typical 13 yo. Like come on be real half of these people are 9 yo kid watching this show because of how great Mikey is on fighitng and acting like him. Fr? like bro get a life.. . First of all tokyo revengers is a story about how a boy is saving a girl going in the past just by shaking ...
First ever review lets go. . When i first started this anime i was thinking about all those shitty romcom anime. First half of the anime got be. I was starting to enjoy felt like a harem. You know there is 24 episode in this anime not 12 but 24. So i thought in my mind it would be good. When i was watching it through 15 episode it felt really boring. You know a typical boring ahh romance anime. Normaly shitty romance anime would only have 12 episode but this has 24 episode. Its all about engagement. Two girls and one boy. The main character boy ...
Yep, 6/10 so a D. Almost failing, but the soundtrack and general story line were actually very good. The animation, pacing, and overall implementation were not good. The animation was especially bad, the pacing ruined some otherwise impactful moments, and the generally bad direction further caused the anime to be one I wouldn't recommend, but not one I hate everything about. The bones were there, I haven't read the manga, but I had already heard the name Lucifer and the Biscut Hammer before. That and the especially scathing reviews leads me to believe that the manga is worth your time. This however is probably not, ...
This anime is very unfaithful to the game.. Things starts out beautiful and stay this way, but the story is very diverted and bland, Well basically empty, they couldn't replicate the same feeling and experience in the game, i did expect that but never expected them not filling in with great details.. Things will quickly start to make no sense and Almost unrelated to the original story, this was much to be expected since this game doesn't have 1 straight story, Tho it leaves you questioning Why they made this anime in the first place?. . *spoiler alert, its related to their new gacha game.*
I cannot think of a single nice thing to say about Gunbuster.. . The action scenes are flat, boring and predictable. Gunbuster does some flashy thing, several billion enemies die. There's no weight or risk. The characters are dull. All the protagonist does is cry, promise to stop crying, then cry some more because having actual character development is hard. I could maybe say something nice about the animation, but what's the point in blowing your budget on giant killer mechas if their just going to do the same stuff as a generic shonen? Just scream, fling some laser beams from its fingers and yell attack ...
The only good thing about this season from the previous one is there less pedophilia. After I hated the first season, I looked at the reviews. And nobody that liked the anime talks about the pedo stuff it is really odd, why people are ignoring all that stuff?. . There is still no plot. Why are we watching this? All they do is spend a few hours then time skip 1 year. Even the writer knew there is nothing to write about so he keep skipping years. The problem is caused by no plot. There is nothing to progress to, so there is no progression. We are ...
The anime is called “High-Rise Invasion” and I believe it. You have to be really high to think of such cringe dialogues and monologues. Seriously, I don’t remember when was the last time I heard something so stupid. That the more cringe the dialog the more seriously it’s played for. The worst part is… the other aspects of writing aren’t all that better.. . Don’t get me wrong, the premise is actually interesting. The execution… yeah, not so much.. The story is full of cringe, really bad humour, serious situations that are not intentionally funny , not abiding by its own rules and plot armour so thick ...
I think only a fool would recommend this anime, in fact I would never even once recommend this anime for people who are new to anime or for people who only care about fun.. . This is one of the worst anime I have ever watched, the plot is not interesting at all, the fight scenes are not epic, I don't know why I watched this anime until 10 episodes, this is just a waste of my time, this is really a boring anime.. . I don't know what to rate this anime but for those of you who value time, never waste time just to watch this anime.
ORIGINAL MY ASS. . Angel Beats is considered to be an original work, in the sense that it’s not an adaptation of some light novel, or porn game. Though if you take the word at face value there is absolutely nothing original about it, since it plays out exactly like a light novel or porn game. The opening video has all the characters posing at you with their names attached on them, and they are colored with gradient filters. Accompanied by all the done to death stereotypes that have killed creativity in anime; teenager-only cast, Japanese high school as a setting, and of course watering down everything ...
Beautiful visuals wasted on a dopey concept.. . The trailer hooked me, with it's lush animation and a somewhat intriguing idea about an apartment complex floating in the sea. Seemed like it would be a good time, given that I'm a bit of a fan of single location settings.. . Well, after watching it, I felt cheated. Let's briefly dismantle this thing, shall we? Honestly, there's nothing particularly special about this movie that warrants an unnecessarily bloated two-hour runtime. The supernatural elements are dense, and awkwardly written. The main characters yell at each other for a good portion, constantly being absolute savages to one another. Seriously, these KIDS want ...
I like comedy. I like romance. I like romantic comedies. I also even like spontaneous anime that doesn't take itself too seriously, such as Gintama.. . That said, I didn't feel that this anime does very well in any of these regards. For the comedy, it simply tries way, way, waaaaay too hard to land a joke and attempts to do so far too often. Even worse, the rate that it lands a successful attempt at humor is probably 5% of the time. Due to the efforts to be nigh-constantly "slap your knee" funny, the show makes me feel like I'm on a long road-trip in ...
People who regularly watch anime and see isekai and fantasy tags ether don't watch it or keep theirs expectation low. Just because in the last few years there were so many unoriginal and boring shows of that genre, so if you skip one of these, you certainly won't regret. On the other hand, you would probably know what to expect if you watched many isekais. Unfortunately, I didn't bear it in mind, before watching this. Hence, I'm going to describe my feelings without that condition. Partly, because I disagree with that.. . The visual is the least disappointing in the show. Despite being a light novel adaptation, ...
It's horse shit.. . No, it really is just boring, uncreative and full of fillers, you can just start watching ep 9 and you won't miss a thing.. It was so predictable, I could predict whole episodes and the animation was really bad at some points, even though the style looked really good.. The only really good thing about it was the Mahjong episode, that was peak shitpost comedy, but when the anime tried to take itself seriously it really just bled from several wounds and the ending was so unsatisfying, I really just want to impale a spear up the writers ass.... If it either only had gag elements ...
Dropped it by episode 4. My rankings so far of this anime has been largely positive, with S1 and S3 (part 1) getting a 10/10.. . But this final season? Aahhh..man...it's just so boring. I can't believe they went this route of a generic edgelord villain who shows up out of no where and is suddenly OP. Oh yeah, and there's an Atatsuki wanna-be chef group who suddenly appears too. Aaaand I don't give a damn about them. Nothing about them is interesting. Nothing Asahi (the new villain) does is intriguing. He is the definition of a bland boring villain who has absolutely no layers. You know ...
While I did enjoy the first season reasonably well. The initial premise was interesting enough to keep me interested throughout the first season. I can't really say the same for this season as much as I would like to. I couldn't finish watching episode 7. I've reached my limit for how much I can handle of this show. It's simply put a joke trying to take itself seriously. If it treated itself like the joke I feel like it is, perhaps it would be marginally more enjoyable of a watch.. . The attempted comedy this season has made me chuckle a grand total of once.. . It takes ...
If you can ignore the child groping and other rapey stuff, it is somewhat watchable. I don't understand how people can stand a 10 year old child, groping a 12 year old child. I don't think it is funny, it serves no purpose for the story. So why would you put it there? Most of the episodes builds up to something, then it happens and it is not worth the wait. Not sure later seasons gets better or this season builds up to that.. . Characters are dull, if you seen any anime before nothing new to see. You can predict almost every characters decision ...
Alarm bells rung loud and clear within seconds of the OP starting. A bad cover of the original season a decade previous complete with animation made to resemble, but fail to recapture the magic of, that fun little romp.. Unfunny, thoroughly uncharming and a chore to suffer through even at it's short run time. A pale imitation of carnival phantasm at best and a damning indictment of the state of type-moon as a company/franchise in recent years at worst.. . the animation is passable. that is the only redeeming thing i can say for it.. . go play melty blood instead of this.
This show's message on unbidden emotions and trauma are lost in the half-baked worldbuilding, poorly written characters, and overly-ambiguous plot and ending that doesn't match the in-your-face nature of the rest of the show. And that's not even mentioning the graphic violence and nudity because it'd be too easy to tear this show down if I did. It's been over fifteen years since I was in middle school and not watching it then (my anime friends then raved on its 'maturity' while I didn't believe them) was time saved. Though I did watch it eventually, so I guess not. The opening song is good, in ...
Baby Steps fails as a slow-paced realistic sports anime about tennis. Compared to something like Okiku Furikake, where it's about fostering a new, all-freshmen baseball club featuring players of all skill levels aiming for nationals with a lot of obstacles along the way, Baby Steps is more about an MC that has OP learning abilities that becomes pro-level in no time.. . Maruo Eichirou is Momo from Prince of Tennis if he were nerfed and could be a real-life person. That is to say, in real-world terms, Eichirou is an extreme OP. Maruo Eichirou starts as unathletic as hell, unable to even beat grade-schoolers in cardio activities ...
I normally wouldn’t write anything so negative about any anime because there is so much hard work that goes into it, but I picked Paprika to watch with my girlfriend (who is already lukewarm towards anime) in an attempt to show her a more mature side to the medium. I was expecting something Bladerunner-esque, and while what we got was quite unique, large portions of Paprika were kind of like watching Looney Tunes if it didn’t have any comedy.. The script content, and dreamworld happenings quickly became so nonsensical that I was embarrassed to show it to her, she fell asleep about halfway through, and I ...
Aho Girl is a typical straight man and "idiot" routine that is so fast-paced it gives you whiplash between jokes.. . There are some funny bits here and there - such as Akuru bonding with the dog, Ryuuichi trying to befriend Akuru, and Yoshiko's quest to avenge her beloved bananas - but any humorous moment is soured greatly by the constant violence and sexual harassment played for comedy. All but one episode features skit after skit where the "joke" is slut-shaming, victim-blaming, and assault. There was a single moment where I thought that the characters were finally going to be forced to address the crimes being committed, ...
Watching TV shows or animes is not just about reading the summaries of episodes as it may not provide a complete understanding of the storyline. However, this particular season is not worth investing time in due to its slow pace. It is better to read the summaries instead.. . The 20-minute episodes of this season do not make much plot progress, and that makes me bored and uninterested. Moreover, the season spends around four minutes introducing insignificant characters through flashbacks. This makes it hard to remember their existence until they appear on screen again. Flashbacks should be reserved for OVA's to make them more interesting.. . Unfortunately, this season ...
Hated it I love the animation thats not the problem its just the storytelling thats its biggest downfall for me. The story was more predictable than a lot else. And wayy too much plot armor. I honestly prefer big 3, dragon ball and more other ones over this because it was in a time where stories were shorter and I prefer longer anime/manga. Just about to try the manga out about it though as I have heard its better than the anime.. . I think its a very hit or miss anime compared to a lot of bigger ones because its a lot smaller than a ...
Dull Junk-food Entertainment. . Here is a hard-to-swallow pill: Women will not just come to you begging to be your girlfriend. Many people who watch The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten will realize it is pure fantasy, a fantasy pandering to your subconscious need to be taken care of like a child returned to their parents. I'm sorry, men, but the sooner you break the fantasy that a 1-dimensional stereotypically perfect girl will come to be your mother/maid/girlfriend, the sooner you will grow up.. . Male fantasy fuel anime like The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten perpetuates a sense of entitlement and can lead to feelings of ...
THIS SHOW MAKES FAMILY GUY LOOK LIKE A STORYTELLING MASTERPIECE. Seriously, literal garbage "Family Guy Funny Moments" compilations are far more captivating and enjoyable than this show, because at least some of them are so terrible you can make fun of them.. Anyways, I don't typically write reviews, but seeing not a single negative review on this show I feel absolutely compelled to rip into this horrendous show. "Letter Bee" is one of the absolute worst things I have ever had the displeasure of watching, for so many different reasons. The show is a lazy, uninspired, generic, piece of garbage that fails at anything it could've had ...
I dont even know where to start this show is so ugh i mean its like a scumbag pedophile with a twin tail fetish made an anime for his fellow pedophile twin tail pedo's and attempted to throw in some girl pervert drama in a very fail attempt to disguise it as such. On top of that the MC is a loser among losers with an fetish that the show beats to the ground then a dead horse then buries it and then digs it up and does it over again. There are countless times I literally wanted to knife the mc in ...
I imagine this is the perfect fantasy story imagined by a dude that contemplates transitioning to be a girl, with an added bonus of an abusive female (sister in this case) 'forcing' it upon you so you can absolve yourself from any agency or responsibility you might otherwise have to face in your life.. . It's wrong on so many levels, and the fact that it looks so cute and is animated so well makes it even worse.. This is trash, utter trash. Avoid tarnishing your soul with exposure to it if you can.. . Animation: Too good for a trash anime of this type. Story: Woke-tier garbage. (If you ...
COMPLETELY PLAGIARIZED. nothing about this anime is original. almost everything seems to be stolen material from notable works. everything from the suits, the cockpit, the overseeing "counsel," the themes and concepts, the main male and female characters, all the way down to EXACT scenes are directly thievery. as i painstakingly continue to watch i become more angry with each episode. i honestly can't believe lawsuits haven't been filled given how similar this anime is with Neon Genesis Evangelion. direct scenes from NGE are copied, the overarching theme of The Promised Neverland seems to be apparent, and characters are directly taken from many other great animes ...
First at all for me, this anime can be good of the story Pace not that slow but this anime give a slow pace,bad comedy,the the isekai logic US too bad. If you want to see a good anime with MC have many followers i Will not recommended this anime because this anime too cringe for me. If want too see a good anime with many followers better then this anime you can see overlord or tensura. Taht two anime is more enjoyable then this anime. This anime is too many dan service also the plot is not that good for me too enjoy it. ...
In my opinion, this anime was a major letdown. Despite being a fan of overpowered main characters in isekai anime, this one failed to meet even my low expectations. The show's characters are introduced abruptly and without any real purpose, making it hard to connect with them or care about their fates.. . The storyline also suffers from uneven pacing, with events unfolding at a breakneck speed without any real explanation or reason. This disjointed and rushed approach makes it difficult to follow the train of thought of the characters, leaving the viewer feeling disoriented and disconnected. To put it bluntly, I've seen fever dreams that were ...
This is one of the worst pieces of media I have ever consumed. Not only is the writing of the world/characters extremely bland and the animation/directing/soundtrack completely un-inspired, but -- and this is what sets this apart from all other generic isekai anime I've seen -- it is the most disgusting celebration of vice and immorality I have ever seen.. . The core attitude throughout this show is "What would Jesus do? Let's do the total opposite of that! Like sadistic sociopaths!" This show celebrates revenge, rather than forgiveness; cold, premeditated murder/torture/rape, and all sorts of mental abuse. The absolute lack of compassion that the viewer is ...
ah yes. sakura trick. thats one i havent thought about in a good couple of years.. little eight year old me found this anime and was absolutely mesmerised. yes, this anime was quite literally my gay awakening.. ....then why am i writing a bad review? well when this anime suddenly popped into my mind again i thought to myself "....wait...this anime was...so weird.". of course, i am no longer eight years old. now, being almost a teenager, my mind and opinions has grown and matured with me. and what is my opinion on this show? it's mediocre at best and weird and fetishy and worst.. . this show ...
Ah, another isekai that had a nice idea but couldn't follow through and instead decided to shit itself and start doing weird stuff with that excrement they call story. By now we already know how generic isekai has become but this one takes the cake. Main character, despite living through another life prior to current one still thinks like a toddler and tries to mask it as him being good. In reality he comes off as exceptionally predictable and stupid character but we are suppose to not notice that somehow.. . Am dropping this simply because am fed up. There's only so much I can take before ...
The best way to enjoy this anime is to be a fan of either [b] SHAFT [/b] shows or a fan of wacky episodic comedies. If for example you demand a story with a plot, evolving characters, or artsy visuals ain’t your thing, then you better not head this way.. . As far as SHAFT works go, this one’s on the better half of what they have made, with a lot more actual animation, a lot less bizarre imagery and real life photographs for some pretentious nonsense symbolism. The camera does all sorts of motions and the sequence of scene transition is almost frenetic, while occasionally ...
As I was watching this oldie, a very basic question came to me. WHY IS NANAKO CALLED A NURSE??? I mean, sure, the setting is a hospital but Nanako NEVER TREATS A PATIENT. There aren’t even patients there; it’s just some front for experiments on genetics. In fact, the show is better called Amazing Maid Nanako, as she is mostly dressed as such. The rest of the time she is wearing some gymnastics or battle suit… or doesn’t wear anything.. . Another thing is how the story itself has absolutely nothing to do with hospitals. It is closer to some scatterbrain ecchi comedy with sci-fi / thriller ...
Sit down. Press play. Watch the song and the opening credits. Press pause when it finishes. Congratulations, you just watched the summary of Amatsuki.. . As weird as it sounds, the plot of this anime is so small you can actually see all of it in the intro song. And I don’t even mean it repeats on every episode either. It really is just what the intro will show you and nothing more in terms of plot. There is of course a lot more story than just that but it will be nothing but talking and talking and talking some more. And it’s not like talking alone ...
Next on my line of harems to spite comes Amagami SS (Jesus, I’m still on letter A). This anime is somewhat weird to talk about as it is constantly deletes the progress in the story. Before I get to nerdraeg about the show, first I must clear my thoughts on one of the most dreaded recent additions to one of the stalest and lamest anime categories ever.. . There is this scenario format where the story resets every few episodes, just so the lead character can choose a different action in some point in his life that will change the later events of the story. It is ...
When I was a kid, television had almost entirely cartoons at morning shows for children. I grew up by watching anything Hanna Barbera or Dic had the kindness to import dubbed to my country. I have no problems with those shows back then; most were really great for their target audience. I was still a kid after all and there wasn’t a series I didn’t like. After all these years, many of those cartoons now appear extremely simplistic and naive. I would never sit down to watch them again, except if for a couple of episodes just to remember the good old 80’s when I ...
Regardless of if you've watched the original or not, Ask yourself: if Vash dropped his gun, fell to the floor prone, and the deadly hardened criminal had enough time to grab said gun and slowly point it at your protagonist menacingly, would you jump for joy that he is saved by Meryl jogging towards the enemy with a flashing camera in broad daylight?. . If you watch the original, expect about 6/24 episodes of spending time with the characters and learning what makes them them plus some comedy, before it turns to darker themes and a serious story that gets it's viewers to think about moral dilemmas.. . If ...
Just reading the title alone, I should've anticipated what the outcome would've been.. . 'I Want You To Show Me Your Panties With a Disgusted Face' is nothing short of reprehensible. It is an anthology series, featuring an ensemble cast of distinct girls filling various roles such as student, maid, idol etc. The MC is faceless, which usually implies that they are merely present for you to be their substitute. And the premise is very straightforward, the MC (you) converse with the girls and convincing them to show you their panties using any means possible, whether it be begging or blackmail, you get the picture. There is ...
This anime has been written by a complete incel.. . Tho, the first episodes are just insanely good, you’ve never seen such a high concentration of epicness in a such short amount of time.. Each character are so interesting you will feel bad every time they get hurt and when they… when they loose!. Because yeah, this is one of the first anime that makes you hold your breath until the very last minute wondering who the fuck is gonna win, it will always surprise you, unlike the rest of its kind.. . It’s a shame that the female representation is so cringe, it completely ruins everything everytime a woman gets ...
This isn't what the title says at all.ASMR, where is the ASMR?. If you would like to watch an ASMR that has ASMR then I suggest: 180 Byou de Kimi no Mimi wo Shiawase ni Dekiru ka?. But back to this show..When they actually did something ASMR-worthy it was always only in one ear. like you would think that is the easy part to do but apparently not.. The stuff that was happening throughout the show was just wrong on so many levels, I don't even want to type the stuff that happened it was so wrong... . I have nothing more to say about these scores sadly... Story:2/10. Art:5/10. Sound:4/10. Character:2/10. ...
Honestly feels like a drawing exercise.. . The art and animation is better than the first season, albeit repetitive, but the plot is circling the toilet bowl. Which is depressing, as I actually somewhat enjoyed the first season.. . I literally had to stop watching the latest Episode 7, as it is so incoherent and detached from everything up to this point, it was nothing but irritating to listen to, much less watch.. . The dirty humor is done poorly and it seems to be the only thing the script writer has going for him. This is confounding, considering the series has a manga and web novel it ...
Huuuuge filler arc in my opinion. . I think the problem with diamond is unbreakable (DIU) is that it doesn't have an objective until later on and most of the series feels like filler, with bad antagonists that doesn't have a reason to confront the main characters.. . You could argue that part 3 was similar on this regard. While it is not wrong, in part 3 stands introduced so you always enjoy the new content more. But part 3 had a clear objective since the beginning, so even if the episodical enemies weren't as relevant, it was a progress until they get to Egypt.. . That doesn't happen in DIU. ...
Small reproductive organ compensation fantasy which tries to be funny but instead screams of author's insecurity and speaks volumes to whoever thinks this is a great show. I guess it's easy having 17 girlfriends or wannabe wives when you don't do anything with either of them, spending time, talking and living included.. . After watching half of this thing I could say for sure that story exists. What's it about... well something of course. Doesn't seem like it has any specific goal or development but it's sort of like a puzzle you could say. Puzzle if authors mixed up pieces from various puzzles and then decided to ...
It's one of those shows which make you wonder if writers were indeed intellectually challenged or they consider the rest of us to be so. Because at no point any one of them sat down and asked a question: if he can create any skill, why wouldn't he create a skill where he gets million LP every time he breathes in. Then he can use those points to do whatever he want and become a god. But plot convenience would have it otherwise because you see he needs to look at poorly animated tits and not get horny or get an erection. You know just ...
Well, Ojamajo Doremi got its own movie! Except...not really. The movie has its own benefits and flaws which I attribute mainly to the narrative, which is all over the place, for better or for worse. The first defining feature of the movie is that the OD cast is not the prominent cast, as you'd expect; instead, we centralize on three Japanese girls, all fans of the eponymous series and from different walks of life, perhaps drawn together by fate or some other mystifying force. The way their stories are set up does leave something to be desired: whenever one girl becomes the focus of the ...
this anime was decent in season 1 a bit confusing, season 2 not so much for me .. . i know it's a japanese anime but it feels like a chinese anime if you know what i mean... empty , souless .. . the art style is more than decent .. . pros :. -got two seasons. -chara design. -animation. ...
From the premise, it just sounds like a typical OP MC starting out as an adventurer-type of show. That's mostly what it is, but the premise that he's superpowered due to him training in a difficult area is played as if the hero isn't aware of this. He just goes about doing OP things, not understanding that he's really strong. At first, this is fine and leads to some fun, comedic situations, but it just keeps going. Every encounter with a villain or enemy; he doesn't understand anything that's going on and accidentally saves the day each time without knowing that he even did anything ...
Still, the worst Isekai Anime ever written. Completely awful, way tooooo much comedy, terrible characters development, terrible and cheap looking art styles. Everything about his Anime is extremely annoying. And here I thought the first season was bad enough... Then there's season 2 which is even worse... I mean who wrote this??? whether it's Seiichi having a diarrhea in the toilet while everyone else was fighting an "intense" battle (lol) or, getting blasted in the back by a urine colored laser and died when he literally defeated a "Black Dragon GOOODDD" in the first season.. . I don't know what other people thought of this but to ...
[I'd be happy to know if Bocchi the Rock changed one's life, have motivated someone, etc. Personally, I didn't enjoy the anime and you can't change my opinion just as I'm unable to change yours.]. . After reading a fairly well-written review by KANLen09-san, browsing related memes and listening to the Seishun Complex (without knowing it is an opening song), I have decided to let the hype flow through me... and what a huge mistake that was.. . I won't waste my time to rewrite things mentioned in the synopsis, so... Bocchi the Rock is a show about a teenage girl named Hitori Gotou. Apparently, she has been all ...
No Spoilers(a little maybe). . I have watched almost all of one piece and I would say it was not worth it and there are a number of reasons. Firstly in a span of 1000+ episodes you can watch a ton of many other brilliant animes instead of this one. 1000 episodes are about 25000 mins which is about 17 days of watch time. One piece is a shonen and I would say it is best suited for kids. Many times in the anime their is zero logic ie. In the samurai arc one of the character is promised by an evil guy that he will ...
This anime is mid at best. MC is living his second life for battle while trying to "not standout" much. If you watched any show about battles, knights, magic and nobles, I doubt you will find anything new and interesting here. Single minded OP MC doing his battle thing while dumping info on us why he is OP and how magic world works. I cant comprehend why some writers still think that viewer care about this gibberish magic nonsense justifications. Why should I care how it works? It is a freaking magic, just do it and get over with it.. . There is distinct absence of ...
Honestly would be a solid show, Really good comedy, interesting horror and amazing art on the spirits, however the weird, ecchi, fan service stuff with girls that are underage high school girls is awfully uncomfortable. There is constant upskirt shots and boob shots, they really don’t go more than a scene without showing it and it’s worse that the second episode literally starts with them getting changed in a locker room just to fill out the rest of the quota of fan service makes it worse. The mcs best friend has to mention her tits every 2 conversations, her whole character is mainly focussed on ...
if you really finished 24 episodes for this boring anime, like i did, i commend your dedication, but sometimes i really question the decisions i make, like keep watching time after time and when i finish watching it i immediately rush to write this review and I don't really like it. in terms of story which is quite interesting like the Protagonist of a diligent male harem has become the archetype of recurring characters, such as Futaro Uesugi from The Quintessential Quintuplets, or Nariyuki Yuiga, from We Never Learn. I'm sure though, that Umino Nagi is one of the worst harem protagonists I've ever seen. ...
Warning! Since the movie itself doesn't contain such information and some people might not read the synopsis of it on MyAnimeList, be warned about the totally ridicilous amount of very, very intense flashing lights appearing throughout six minutes of this movie's length.. . After leaving a warning regarding the movie itself, I need to say "Aki no Puzzle" is one of the worst animated pieces of media I have ever seen. It's short, but I can't say its form dominates over substance, or that its substance dominates over form. It resembles more of a shapeless blob. Extremely intense flashing lights with random images and drawings presenting random ...
This is a romance anime about a badass girl Shikimori and her boring ass boyfriend. Shikimori is a cool character: kicks ass and great character design.. . The problem with this anime is that the main guy just sucks. He is pathetic. Hes the most boring character and theres really nothing interesting about him at all. There is no reason for shikimori to like him and he doesnt do anything interesting to make you, the viewer, like him either. its told from his pov so you have to deal with his blandness frequently. The best thing about him is that hes not actively ...
I like to pretend that DtB: Gemini doesn't exist.. . I apparently need to include more words for this review. Okay: it introduces some clarity (maybe) and a little bit of extra lore, but it's just... so bad. Do yourself a favour: watch it for the sake of watching, and then forget about it. Pretend like it doesn't exist. "DtB: Gemini? Who dat? I don't know her.". . The directing could be better. The newly introduced characters could be better. The team is amazing as always, but it's just... Not good. I think if they wanted to continue on, that an entirely different approach would've been more suitable.
I was ready to write off Zexal II as just as bad as the first series. Fortunately, Zexal II is slightly better. Not by much, but better is better. The show doesn’t really get going until season 2 when they go full sci-fi and that’s pretty fun. It feels like this was the show the creators were waiting to get to during the original series. I just don’t know why they waited so long. There was one twist in particular I really enjoyed. I recommend this only for diehard Yu-Gi-Oh fans. It still has the problems of the previous episodes and doesn’t come close to ...
Don't watch this with your family, friends, anyone. Even better, don't watch this at all! (I was dared by my friend to watch the whole thing, so I decided to write a review on this).. . This really feels like a fantasy Shane Dawson would have wanted, but instead it's with a dog. This show is peak degeneracy for zoophiles and other weirdos. I don't know why anyone would recommend this anime to anyone, all it has done is make me question who has approved this for television media. It had no plot whatsoever, and I have no clue on why anyone can enjoy such a 'show', ...
Ichigo Mashimaro is an anime about an onee san, three cute elementary girls and an obnoxious being. Yes, obnoxious.. If you'd ask me "what's the meaning of obnoxious?", I'll tell you; Matsuoka Miu. She's the type of child that'll bully you as a joke, she's overly toxic and annoying. The moment someone treats her the way she treats others, she'll victimise herself.. . An example of her toxicity without spoilers is Ana. She keeps harassing her for no reason and the poor girl begs her to stop, but Miu the world awarded good friend won’t stop and it’s not funny, it’s rather annoying.. . Miu aside, the comedy in ...
Akikan, a show about girls popping out of soda cans. Talk about hating it from the very description. The trick is to know how to translate the symbolisms in these shows. They usually cloak their real meaning with silly premises to make the anime accessible to a wider audience. In this case we have magical girls who for some lame reason are trapped inside soda cans. The one who drinks one of those, frees the girl, and then for some reason she vows to be his servant. The lead male happens to be collecting cans and one of them contains the lead girl. So… collections ...
High school girl plays mom to a boring high school boy who can't take care of himself, but she's just happy to be able to have a conversation with a guy who isn't hitting on her.. . I don't think I can watch anymore of this. She's bringing everything to the table, and he just brings common decency. She's the top of her class, cooks amazing meals, cleans, is the prettiest girl in school, popular, and is completely in control of her life. The only thing she is lacking seems to be close friends and family. The guys is just very average, has one best friend, ...
The premise of gods and yokai trying to become popular with humans in the modern world to increase their power levels is interesting and could be very fun, but this just isn't it for me.. . The animation is off-putting, and the humor is both crass and dry. The birthday bit in episode 5 feels like they let Ikuto Kanemasa loose to improvise in the studio and then just didn't bother to cut it down for the final product, and there are plenty of other "jokes" that drag on just like that one. Whenever this miniseries DOES try to be a little clever, it mostly boils down ...
Anime such as this are so formulaic, repetitive and predictable to the point you know what they will be about by just reading the categories. It’s as if there is an Echidna out there (the mother of all monsters one, not that rodent) which gives birth to these shows with very similar traits, no matter who the father is. I am willing to place some harems above some others. Ah My Goddess and Love Hina were amongst the first, still pure and untainted by the ridiculousness of all those which plagiarized them later on, with far less quality and badly thought out settings. Well, hello, ...
Maybe there was a time when being an absolute misogynist was a funny thing, and maybe that time was as recent as 2016.. . Anyhow, when I watched this in 2022, I just can't stop cringing at this complete trainwreck of an attempt at being funny when it is clearly not funny at all. I tried as much as I could to appreciate the "humour", but I could feel nothing but disgust towards the protagonist being an absolute dick (in the literal sense) and the excessive use of meaningless fan service. I like my share of comedy, and fan service could be useful or, indeed, funny, when ...
In today's day and age, where there are more shows than ever being created, produced and released, I don't understand how this one, a categorically terrible anime, is beloved by many.. . I would like to point out, I understand the themes of the narrative and how failure, hardwork and perseverance aren't enough to get you through life and get you what you want and that's a fine idea. But this show does nothing to counteract the constant failures and disappointments with anything satisfying, rewarding, entertaining or enjoyable. A majority of the characters are unlikeable. The extreme melodramatic nature of every single action, reaction, situation and relationship ...
This is one of those shows where someone is going to tell you how bad it is and you'll respond "there's no way it's THAT bad" and after just a little while you'll be utterly baffled as to how something this terrible got made.. . The main character is a deplorable, shallow, uninteresting, unlikable twit. His whole existence is marked by one thing: his horniness. He's not an outwardly awkward, grabs women's boobs in public, typical anime horndog. He views women as just objects who help him through his loneliness in this fantasy world.. . The sex scenes are uncomfortable and contain about the same amount of ...
I thought the source material was a 4koma based on how formulaic this entire series is. Every single scene is: set-up; development; climax; tsukkomi, with essentially no variation across a half-dozen episodes. You may attack your typical isekai for not having the courage to have a regular fantasy setting without the relatability of a modern-day self-insert Japanese teen getting reincarnated, but this goes a step further by having the Japanese teen have all his adventures entirely as flashbacks in front of his tsukkomi audience of nephew and not-quite-girlfriend, while being a classic sexual assault NEET ugly bastard himself from the age of 17 to 35.. . Story/characters ...
This is one of my favorite feel-good, "turn off your brain" sort of anime series. Up until this movie, I've been moderately happy with how things turned out. However, this atrocity was unbelievably poor compared to the main anime series & movie afterward.. . This'll be a short review considering there's not much to say about this, but let me start by saying this is NOT cannon to me. 75% of this "movie" can be boiled down to filler, & fan-service, that had nothing to do with the main plotline. And, when there is "plot" happening, it happens so fast, you almost feel whiplash to how bad ...
This is the worst piece of shit I've ever seen in my life. Everyone who worked on this is going to hell.. . Everyone who defends it is either going to be a registered sex offender or is going to hell. Most are both though.. This does NOT show representation of child rape, it is a sick fucking hentai of little girls being raped for pedophiles to jerk off to it. If you're using that logic, then every fucking lolicon is representation of child rape.. . The plot of this fucking anime is so horrid that it makes me want to gouge my eyes out with a ...
I watched Made in Abyss like 5 years ago. I forgot about much of stuff after the years but 2023 started and after Bocchi The Rock (which I highly recommend) it was 2nd anime on my list to watch this year (i mean rewatch of the 1st season and 2nd with movies). I remembered Made in Abyss as really great drama with a lot of heartbreaking scenes, great characters and beautiful art style. I wasn't wrong about that for sure and I enjoyed it very much.. . Sadly, after watching this movie I'm worried what would happen in 2nd season. Last episode of anime was cruel and ...
I had to write this review because I read a lot of people saying things like "You talk shit about Boruto, but you didn't even watch 30 episodes." I did it, and... what the hell? Its shit as always. Also, you have to decide if an anime is good for you or not in 3 episodes. This is the same as One Piece fanboys telling you "it getts better at ep 700, keep struggling". NO, YOU SHOULD ENJOY EVERY MINUTE OF IT, if not, drop-it. (This is for every anime ever, even te classic good ones, if is not for you, it's not for you).
Holy shit this sucks. Literally no character in this show is in any way likeable. The main heroine is just the most dogshit, copy-paste tsundere there is. The main protagonist is the most basic, limp dick, pussy out there who is denser than a neutron star. I don't even know why I watched and completed this show, maybe cause some characters were hot. I suppose this show would be considered okay if I recommended it to an 11 year old kid who's never seen any sort of romance show in their life and has no understanding of what good writing is.. . Anyways, art is pretty ...
Tldr: set up Echinda as a very interesting character in part 1, realize it’s too complicated to properly write her and instead refocus part 2 on boring shit happening inside a backwater village while also planting seeds for better seasons to come and of course completely killing the pacing of part 2 by doing so.. . I very much liked the introduction of Echidna into the story in part 1 of season 2. I liked the idea of giving the story a new layer to keep it interesting since we explored the basic premise thoroughly in the previous season. I was hopeful that the powers Echidna brought ...
Congratulations, School Days. You win the award for "worst anime that I have ever seen, and am ever likely to see in my lifetime".. There is nothing remotely redeemable about this fiction. It also spectacularly manages to avoid the "so bad it's actually entertaining" category.. . This is probably the only anime where I cannot legitimately think of anyone that would enjoy it, not even people who *love* romance as a genre (I would consider myself one of those.). . It's also quite unique in that all of the characters are absolutely terrible, so much so that you don't care one iota what happens to any of them.. . Characters, music, storytelling, ...
Historically-speaking, this is the second spin-off (alternative universe) of the ever-expanding Gundam franchise. Despite trying to stay close to the premise of the original, it also added elements of other genres that didn’t mesh very well and turned it into just another superficial, shounen mecha show.. . ART & SOUND SECTIONS: 6/10. Typical. TOO typical. The character and mecha designs, as well as the action scenes were not better than an average mecha show. Same thing for the music themes and the character voices. Gundam was always about pushing the limit when it comes to animation. This will not only disappoint fans of the original, it will also ...
This review based on my experience when i watch 3 episodes of anime. . First thing gonna say this one is the anime that i really looking forward this season and turn out its pretty disappointed. Story itself is plain boring but wholesome and cute. Again story need conflict, so far conflict like nothing, no effect whatsoever, basically solve in split second because plot told you that it solved already. Relationship, this is what i dont like about the story, Both ML and FL help each other without any motive behind it. FL help ML, because self pleasure or something, this doesnt make sense. ML also like ...
Animated by Studio Arms, and directed by Kujou Rion, both of which have made nothing but porn-related works. This show is no exception; it is heavy on fan service, has ecstatic in its title, and the main picture shows one guy and many chicks. Plus it is the adaptation of a light novel, so it doesn’t take a genius to tell it won’t be a mature show about the meaning of life.. . Let’s start by something easy; the production values are average to bad for their time. Half the time I felt like I was watching a low budget hentai; dull animation and cookie cutter characters ...
STORY. . ADG was another series with hopes of standing out by mixing a bunch of genres, and another example of how stupid it turns out to be when you think that all it takes is shoveling ideas without planning ahead. It had no idea of what it was trying to be about, jumping from one genre to another without ever utilizing their full potential. Here is what I mean:. . - It has cute girls going to high school and doing the usual teenage stuff we see in Slice-of-Life. Looking for romance, fame, learn to cook, clean, dream about the future and the like. But they didn’t really ...
The season before this show aired, there was Black Rock Shooter, (BRS) an infomercial aiming to sell via name to its established audience. AKB0048 (AKB) was doing the same thing, made to cater the fans of the homonymous teen idol group. Another thing both of them had in common was how they were trying to have a pseudo-serious premise for attracting the unsuspected.. . The story is of course completely retarded and no more than a piss-poor excuse for some conflict, other than cute girls doing cute singing, to exist. No matter how much they tried to spice it up by making the pop-idols a resistance group ...
Giant Beasts Of Ars piqued my interest after seeing some of the artwork for it and the plot sounded good enough. The story presents you with a bunch of characters from here and there and after the first five episodes a group has been formed. The two main characters are meant to serve as a duo that fights against the giant beasts and some other bad guys. The guy trying to overcome his past and the girl wanting to learn more about herself.. . Sounds good on paper and it should be the same in reality, but the execution isn't that great. Granted the animation isn't ...
Air Gear aired in Portugal in 2009, when I was 17 years old. I didn't watch it back then but it was very popular with teens back then. That made me add it to my Plan-To-Watch list. I'm almost 31 years old and maybe I should've watched it back then because as an adult, I lack the patience for some themes common in animes similar to Air Gear.. . Before deciding to watch this, people should know the following:. . - Expect a lot of ecchi and fanservice. - Expect terrible voice acting from the main character. - Expect very inconsistent animation. . . If these three aspects don't bother you that ...
i feel this needed atleast one negative review from a person who just plain did not enjoy this anime. art. i found the art to be the best part of this anime i can atleast say it is eye catching but the actual animation is average. sound. as for the sound i watched subbed and i found some characters Ooba, Eimi and Inagawa, Yuu were plain annoying but outside of that the other voices were not really notable the i do feel the characters with annoying voices were not bad enough were it ruined the anime just bad enough to make me like the ...
It is truly disappointing and frustrating how anime/manga as a medium has progressively grown dumber and brainless over the last years, only to cater to a crowd that has no bar for quality, or any standards for that matter, apart from "art and animation". The newest trends so heavily rely on stupidity as a plot device that if the characters are not dead from the neck up, there would be literally nothing happening in a whole series. The same mindless tropes are overused to a point where finding a show that contains minimum to none of that crap is a physical chore. But that is ...
The second season of this show has moved on from "Accidentally get OP" to "Make the devs cry". New updates keep coming out, and the devs, rather than try balancing their game properly, decide to keep piling on more and more unique skills with each expansion, then marveling when Maple inevitably uses them to beat their newest boss. There are only so many times you can hear "Oh, we must balance the game. But then if we balance the game then it'll REALLY be unbalanced." before you throw your hands up and give up on this shit-show of a premise.. . Half of the issues revolve ...
Days sucks, and it all starts with the characters. Namely, the protagonist.. . Tsukamoto is the most bread and butter basic Japanese protagonist, where his only redeemable trait is how he "tries really hard." That's kind of his only trait. He really tries hard and puts in a bunch of effort despite having no talent in soccer whatsoever. Add in a few token attributes like how he's naïve, is kind, and is too polite, and you got the most generic protagonist ever. The only praise I can say about this anime is that at least the theme sticks. Tsukamoto never "powers up" or "levels up" like ...
6/10. Mediocre at best - Skip.. . This show would be better received if the order that the story was shown wasn't so convoluted and had more unique characteristics.. This is a show I could've skipped without losing sleep, and one that you should too. It's neither bad or good, it's just not memorable.. . In spite of that, I still enjoyed the show a bit when it first aired otherwise I wouldn't have gone through the troubles of rewatching and cross-referencing the different episodes to piece out the story together in chronological order.. . The only things that set this show aside for me from the other generic seasonals that aired ...
Look, I keep hearing about how Blue Lock isn't supposed to be inspirational, realistic, or like football at all.. . Fine. But what is it supposed to be? If you want to drop the tried-and-true formula of friendship, teamwork and positivity for something new, I'm all for it. But what IS that something new? Teenagers being jerks to each other and staking their careers on a maniacal guy's training program? Point is: I'm not really sure how this thing's supposed to bring me enjoyment.. . Let's get into some specifics: The characters. Despite how the show seem to pride itself on subverting sport anime tropes, its protagonist is ...
this just feels like a bunch of highschool kids roleplaying its the weirdest most boring fucking retarded show.. Whole point of the show is to save his girlfriend that is killed by Kisaki, many people die over the show, and whiny main character never wants to just kill the guy "because its his morals"???? But in the very first episode of season 2, we see the future of the main character when he orders the death of someone, SO HE DOES HAVE IT IN him, its such a stupid frustrating story, idk how anyone likes this absolute garbage.. . You will dislike the series if you got any ...
This anime can be summed up in one word. Boring. I have been a Gundam fan my entire life and this is easily the weakest entry into the series. The prequel to this series showed us a hardboiled, dark and distant future that had promise, but the actual anime is a high school drama with mecha duels. The whole premise of the show is basically Gundam girl shows up at a mobile suit academy where corporate disputes and power struggles are settled by children dueling one on one in mobile suits while they also use the duels to settle their petty high school dramas amongst ...
This anime is too imposing, the writer doesn't really understand the situation that happened in the anime, it's unrealistic in writing the story. especially the main character has no resistance at all in the fight. I feel the story really doesn't make sense for an anime of this genre. the main character is always giving lectures without being able to fight at all. Moreover, this anime in season 2 becomes even more long-winded. in terms of animation is also bad. don't try to watch instead of wasting your time.. . the story is really bad. the art style is bad but not really. unrealistic character. the character reacts but does ...
It took seven episodes to even get a glimpse of dungeon and yet title would make you believe otherwise. Even then it's never talked about or entered. It's just bad, they switched from adventuring to generic trope filled garbage. They even managed to cram in some competition. It's as if they made a deliberate attempt at making a show which contains as many cliches are possible.. . Nothing makes sense. They are following a power struggle of sorts but it's mostly characters you've never seen being two-dimensionally evil without any depth. There's no motivation for anything that happens. It's just one conflict after the other. He supposedly ...
This was bad, very bad.. . I couldn't imagine that you could make a story about the Holy Grail War that boring.. . The sow does a horrific job in the first 2-3 episodes. You get hardly any exposition, the main character is bland and overall the whole cast isn't likeable at all.. . Throughout the season the fights are underwhelming or outright bad. Some fights don't last even three minutes.. . This leads to one of the biggest issues with this show. The pacing.. . ...
PT/EN. . Português: Cara, esse anime é TERRÍVEL, ele começa chato com personagens 100% fodase você não liga pra ninguém dai ele mete um ecchizinho ali ou aqui pra tentar forçar alguém a assistir mais ele por causa de peitos ou bundas, te apresentam vários personagens com poderes completamente medíocres e feios e você não tem noção alguma de quem é forte ou não até o 7 episodio onde aparece um cara totalmente genérico que bebe da formula sasuke/zoro, super tranquilo e forte pra caralho, mas nem esse indigente consegue te prender no anime, eu me FORÇEI a assistir até o episodio 9 para ver se o ...
When I found this anime I saw lots of people saying it was a guilty pleasure type of anime so I didn't really think too much about it and just left it but what brought me to this anime was the "I am atomic" scene and I thought it looked pretty good so I decided to pick it up however I quickly found out why people thought it was a "guilty pleasure" anime.. . 1- Story. Its story isn't bad though it isn't all that amazing as we have the protagonist who made up a story that turned out to be true and from that lie came his ...
I've watched the first few episodes of every anime in Winter 2023 and without a doubt this is the worst anime released this season.. . I know for a lot of people they're going to write this off immediately because of its pretty awful CGI but there are a lot more issues than just Foodfight level CGI characters and animation. I don't know if they had two teams working on it but some shots look passable while the next will look like a fan project a 12 year old made on Youtube.. . The story is nothing special, humanity wants a super rare mineral, finally find a planet that's ...
This anime initially had a solid story that brought the expectation of a cool spy anime with female main characters. What actually resulted from the anime, as it went on, was much more disappointing. The main factors that killed this show's momentum, and success, were the horrid pacing and the lack of overall content. All this season was trying to accomplish was completed within the first 3 episodes and now the viewers are left with a bunch of prologue flashbacks to mundane, slice-of-life plotlines. It is almost as if it was decided that the best move was to get the main objective out of the ...
This is one of those shows that have high rating but why that is the case will forever remain a mystery. Basically it's a blueballing championship in which main character will constantly complain "oh not more women", as if he does something with them, but at the same time keep accepting new inhabitants whose only redeeming quality seems to be having tits. There are bunch of females all wanting to ride his magical tool and yet he's adamant about digging dirt. While we are never told, well anything but most importantly, his age we can only assume he's in his mid 20s or something like ...
This show is an uncomfortable combination of adult and child themes. The world/story, generally, is pretty dark, where people are oppressed and brutalized. But the characters of the show and the individual episode plots are incredibly childish, with a huge focus on never killing and the juvenile heroic attempts to "save everyone" that you usually see in shows for young children and which only work in situations where the heroes have MASSIVE amounts of plot armor which allow them to succeed despite their ludicrous and unrealistic approach to reality. Watching the protagonists make insane decisions due to a childish black-and-white-no-shades-of-grey outlook on ...
honestly, the anime is only good in the last two episodes because the rest is pretty bad, the only really good thing is the opening sung by ateez.. . the art is very beautiful, especially the settings, the characters are very boring, men are always strong or weak and ugly who suffer Bullying, women are only bitches of men and beautiful. the episodes are very bland and make you want to not continue, the idea of swapping bodies is cool, but I don't think they used it the right way. . literally ALL skinny and standard characters will hit and treat the chubby one like trash, women will treat him ...
I'll keep it simple. Although I'd say the story is visually an overall improvement compared to the first season. The jokes are EXTREMELY repetitive to the point it's downright obnoxious and nauseating. They keep repeating the same visual jokes over and over and over and over episode after episode after episode after episode that it disengages you from the story, it's downright jarring. It's like they only had two gags they could come up with, so they decided to go all in with it.. . The story will get lost in the redundant jokes that they keep repeating. So it's going to completely ruin it for most ...
I was promised a good psychological anime with a raw depiction of humanity, and what I got was gore and poorly executed gang violence.. . I have watched just about every psychological anime under the sun at this point, I love shows that make me think and question things like 'why are we here', 'what is morality', stuff like that. Texhnolyze ended up on just about every list I could find while looking for new recommendations that fit into that mindfuck kind of category, so I gave it a try. I can sort of see where those lists are coming from, but it really didn't get to ...
This anime is trash, it's very painful to watch. Taiga, the worst character, getting helped = calling them a dog. WOW ! Fantastic !. There's literally no comedy at all except first episode, after that is just trash and trash.. Sound : 10/10. I love op1, it's quite unique.. . Art : 9/10. Quite good for an anime from 2008. . Story : 0/10. I like rom/com anime but this is like .... rom/drama? no literally i dont know... i dont feel rom at all, drama? There's not much but full of foulish character.. ...
The main character has been granted the gift of immortality and he would rather fail or succeed like useless sack of shit. If you are granted the ability to die and wake up again you have countless oppertunities to become the strongest warrior known to mankind. I'd die over and over and over again but learn from each death. This guy is pathetic for wasting such potential and his mentality is truly disgustingly weak. He could be the one to protect himself and anyone he wants to but he'd rather depend on others all the time and cry about his failures. It's pathetic.. . The strongest warrior ...
Have you ever heard that shouting does not automatically make something funny? The same goes here. People have no chill in this show. They're also all one-note characters, and in no way does their behaviour resemble that of normal people. It's quite honestly bizarre and frustrating:. . Tomo isn't a tomboy, she's written to be a full-on boy with the character design of a tomboy. It's too much to take seriously, especially when her mom seems pretty well put-together. You'd think she would've been involved with her daughter's life and already taught her how to be a girl, even if Tomo didn't take naturally to it. Apparently ...
Similar to Cross Game, Taishou Yakyuu Musume tries to engage in different genres and doesn't nearly invest in any of them for you to care. While it's kind of nice to see a change of pace with the combination of CGDCT meshing with something sporty, like baseball, this show doesn't execute the two themes very well. If something like Girls und Panzer, where girls fight in tanks can be done well, surely baseball and cute girls can also be done.. Well, clearly it's not the traditional baseball show. The women's baseball team isn't playing against other women in a competitive league, but rather playing against ...
There is a SHIT TON of unnecessary sexualization of the main characters (as well as one-off characters) in this anime that does not appear in the manga, kept seeing comments saying the manga was 10x better, and I'm gonna have to agree, there is not an ounce of sexualization from what I've seen, an example is a scene in the latest episode (Ep 7), where the teacher has MASSIVE breasts for no apparent reason (which wouldn't be an issue, if not for the fact the show has already terrible rep. at this point in the show) while still she appears to look like a child, ...
I really don't know what got into me because I kept watching this anime until 20 episodes, this anime is really bad.. . The pacing is slow, the soundtrack is too big and unmemorable so I'm not impressed by the soundtrack at all, the comedy is really pathetic because it's not funny at all, the npc interactions are really not shown to the point of not being shown.. . I want to discuss the pacing of this anime first, bruuh seriously I have boosted the speed up to 2x but what do I get, this anime is very slow even so slow that many scenes are useless, ooh come ...
Have you ever read a manga or novel about a story and then you heard that the story was made into an anime?. You then had very high hopes, but after that you were slammed from the highest sky?. It is this anime. . I have many stories that end up in anime, and while most of them don't live up to my high expectations, But I acknowledge them. however this anime is far from them. Let's just say Record of Ragnarok, which was also a disappointment but I still hope it has a sequel. But ICM makes me wish what I read didn't become an anime because of ...
The jokes in anime really aren't for just anyone. It even feels like Circle Jokes. If you're not in the circle, you're just a freak. Then the story setting is very bad, not properly directed, and unimportant. You may have seen people tell a story about a film, then the audience felt that they had watched the film. Of course we know they don't really understand the film. But if someone tells this anime like that, you can agree that the listener has watched the anime. You will find it difficult to distinguish between those who have actually watched the anime and those who have ...
The second season of this anime, so far has had a good impact. Unlike the first season which was very messy, in this second season they are much tidier. However, the jokes they present are a bit excessive. I feel they don't predict the outside market, I'm not Japanese but I feel the jokes they give are like father jokes. If you have free time just use it to see other isekai anime.. They even still often use jokes from the first season in the second season. And make it look like you weren't their audience if you didn't watch the first season. It's so ...
This anime tries to break the commonly used Demon King concept. But that even makes me not understand why he holds that title. I mean if it was your enemy then it would be understood, but his people also call him that but his past still doesn't show it. It's like they only use the Demon King Title to appeal to the general audience, whereas the story doesn't draw there at all. I even often confuse the story of this anime with the anime Shikkakumon no Saikyou Kenja. They have the same flow, both in terms of story and character.
The story given is really not interesting, the story doesn't really stick. Every time I remember this anime I keep mixing it up with other anime that have a similar flow. I don't even understand why he has to be reincarnated, more precisely I don't even understand what his previous world was like. The main character keeps saying what the world used to be like and compares it to the world now. But the more you keep watching, the more you can't imagine the world before. You have no idea whether the world now is worse than the world before or even better.
What the fuck did I just watch. Like most of you, I found out about this from the notification MAL sent. Akatsuki no Chinkonka is basically one big acid trip with decent music in the back. You have to be Sherlock Holmes to decipher this video. Because I'm not Sherlock Holmes, my understanding of this video is as follows:. . Story: I wouldn't be able to tell you even if I was paid to. Inability to convey the meaning even after rewatching it is proof of bad story. 1/10. . Art: Not a fan of the art style they chose. Probably one of the worst art styles out ...
This show should be called “Cliché the animation”.. There isn’t a single original thought in all 12 episodes. Everything You see, You’ve seen somewhere else and done better (I hope).. . You have:. - Antisocial protagonist. - A little less antisocial, shy second protagonist who pretends to be “normal”. - Lazy fanservice. - Romanticisation of first love. - Big chested love rival. - Shitty extroverted “best friend” (I use this term extremely loosely in this case). ...
Trap anime of 2022.. . There are entries that just don't worth the time and effort to write a review on. Despite that Eminence in the Shadow is particularly belongs to this garner. I’ve made an exception with it and shed some light over this gloomed garden.. . Visually it looks good, I would give it an upper (7) or (8) to the animation. I don’t know however why the animation quality suddenly dropped to (4) after EP 18.. . Sounds, pretty average. There were no one ost that stick into my ear. And yes, average means (5).. . Characters, there are so many characters.. . ...
Have you ever heard of Poe’s Law? Here’s a little definition if you haven’t, Poe’s Law is that without a clear indication of the author’s intent the parody of something extreme can be mistaken for the real thing and if a real thing sounds extreme enough it can be mistaken for a parody. Kage no Jitsuryokusha ni Naritakute falls exactly into this, if I wasn’t told like a dozen times by multiple people in social media groups that talk only about Light Novels and other places then I would fail to know that this thing is supposed to be a parody, after all, it plays ...
We can't have good shit anymore can we?. . Story: 7/10. . It's the same as the last two episodes. Incest adventures with hot sisters and mom. . Art: 1/10. . WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED!!!!! It's so god awful. It's lazy and pathetic when compared to the last 2 episodes. So disappointed. . ...
I mean watafak.... What's with the 2nd and 3d episodes. And what did they do to my poor Shirotani and Kurose. I honestly expected more from "10 count". Also i don't know if the quality from the site i watched the anime from was bad or if the charachters are made wide in general?!. I cannot anymore, the disappointment and sorrow i felt after this is immeasurable!. AND NOW THE PEOPLE FROM THIS WEBSITE ARE TELLING ME THAT THIS IS NOT GOOD OF A REVIEW?!?!?. PLEASE SPARE ME, IN ALL HONESTY I HAVE NOTHING ELSE TO ADD, THAT`S HOW VANQUISHED I AM FROM WHAT I JUST WATCHED!. . :(((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((
A fantasy world where our protagonists, visits brothels harbouring prostitutes of various respective species to review them based on their individual experiences with said species.It's a unique story, but nothing special. The animation is average. The characters are all poor even for ecchi, the only impressive part was how much detail the writer thought about the pros and cons of each species as a bedroom partner in several instances, which the reviewers/characters made emphasis on. As an ecchi and borderline hentai anime, this does a good job of going straight to the point of the "action" without beating around the bush, it doesn't do much ...
If you loved Red Garden and wanted more: DO NOT WATCH THIS. I made the mistake of watching it and in spite of all my efforts to keep it separate from the original show, it's still creeping in to taint the memories. This OVA starts out with amusing character dynamics and fun nods to the original but by the end of it, it is a waste of time in its own right and, with regards to the show proper, is an assassination of the characters you fell in love with and the story that presumably moved you. Don't take the same psychic ...
Cross Game humors itself to be a sports anime. It's not. This show is ABSOLUTELY NOT a sports show. It tricks you into thinking that it is something that it is not. While 80% of the show or more has focused on the "theme" of baseball, the reality is that it might as well be nothing. 80% of this show is absolutely nothing. It's too generic. People just throw balls and practice. There are no play-by-play games. Not a single game is described in detail. A large majority of games are skipped off-screen. People run. Coaches talk and do knocking drills. People hit balls. ...
I watched this relatively early on during my first proper exploration of anime [some time between 2008 and 2012?], before I had a handle on different genres. This may actually have been the first ecchi and harem anime that I ever watched, and like virtually all anime in those genres, it was fucking garbage.. . Postscript: This website won't allow me to post this review until I add "more information" and offers several cues to that effect, so allow me to elaborate upon my above-outlined thesis:. . "Is the story unique?". The story was shit.. . "Do you think the art style is fitting for the story?". The art was mediocre.. . "Were the characters ...
Suzumiya Haruhi no Yuuutsu, 2nd season, will be one infuriating anime show for you if you dislike bossy main characters who abuse others. That's because Haruhi is that kind of MC. Now, let me back up a little. In the second episode of the first season, Haruhi manages to get a PC for her club, but does so through blackmail with a false charge of harassment. It was supposed to be funny, I guess, but it almost made me drop the series right then and there. I simply do not like cruel behavior treated as a gag, especially if nothing compensates for it later on. ...
personally I hate this anime you might as well turn this into a henatai the characters are crap and there's no actual plot the story is going to no were. This anime is plain fan service and its not even trying to hide it. i have seen the first season now the second season has nothing to do with the first absolute useless its like bikini warriors nothing just useless fan service that has nothing to do with the anime.. only fighting but for what at the end off each episode its just erotic scenes off random girls. The titty shots are useless and physics and ...
Don't judge a book by it's cover or half of the season. This show is not just disgusting waifu bait. Let me tell you why!. . This is not an anime about an old man reincarnating as a girl so the series can sell better to minor attracted people, but a series where we learn about the inspiring story of a female squire which, because of something called sexual dimorphism, is weaker than the male squires and knights, but through perseverance, hard work and her unmatched perspicacity coupled with her sheer indefatigability manages to become the strongest by greatly improving her skill and technique, power that she ...
This is no surprise as most of the reviews are negative. I was ready to give ir a fair chance despite all the hate boruto is getting, but despite that I have arrived in to the same conclusion.. . So why is it so bad? Here it goes:. First and foremost, while I do understand a need to make a way for new generation, Boruto is supposed to be a continuation of Naruto, but it does no justice to Naruto series by nerfing Naruto’s main characters into oblivion. This alone will make any Naruto fan to feel sick to his stomach.. Secondly, even if you can take Naruto and ...
Trashiest of trashes. They started somewhat compelling and it all went downhill. There's illusion of growth and development when in reality it's random nonsense between decently animated but at the same time very predictable and boring fights. Antagonists are just garbage. Story is garbage. Directing is garbage. Fan service is garbage. There's so much trash in this show racoons would look at it as heaven. Never have I been happy that there wasn't a sequel.. . There's no point answering "spoiler warning" for this anime as there's nothing to spoil. It starts with OP MC-kun in a school with tsundere reward for him and tournament is announced ...
Oh boy.. . I'm sure you can see that this one doesn't have very many positive reviews. I am on very much the same page. Borate is the successor to Naruto. Obviously, it's always hard for a spin off or sequel series to surpass its predecessor, when said predecessor is such well known and liked series.. . One thing I will say off the bat is, read the MANGA. The manga leaves out all the filler, which is one of the big problems for Boruto. At this point, it feels like more than 50% of the show is filler. It's such a buzzkill, especially when a majority of the ...
It's a bad anime.. Only the first episode shows some adventurous concepts, like dropping dragons from the sky with a carrot boomerang throw, or forcibly using farming techniques in combat. And if they kept up this one shred of individuality, it'd be a mediocre shounen fantasy with an all-powerful protagonist.. However, whoever wrote the story decided to go through the anime cliches one by one (which isn't wrong, in my opinion), at any costs, whether the logical continuity of the story is lost, or the protagonist has his strength arbitrarily adjusted on the fly, so any random thug can fuck him up good unless the power of ...
Is this what true disappointment feels like? (mild spoilers I suppose). . The first season of the anime was amazing: the characters were interesting and completed each other well. There was some gore - but it only highlighted the childish innocence of the characters, it was never pointless. The plot moved exactly as quickly as it needed to, it didn't sit around on any layer for longer than it needed.. . Season two is its direct opposite.. . In place of that well-weighted plot and of gore intertwined with peace, happiness, and love - all there is now is gore, gore, gore. It's horrifically on the nose, and it ...
For most this is probably a piece of art, and that is fine, I'm not here to tell you that this movie is bad, but I'm telling you what I think doesn't work for me, in case you may agree with me and save yourself the money and time, even though the whole thing is about 1 hour long, and costs 12€ so it's not like you're gonna die watching it.. . You get three stories, of which the last one is surprisingly short, and in all honesty, I didn't quite understand the ending. Regardless, each story is about the a piece of the life of the ...
Well this one is kinda an tricky series though the firts season was good and really set the bases for what could be an outanding one the movie that served as secuel was Sh@@@t to say the least ( if you are more curious i have an review of it) and sadly this one was the same trash if not even worse than his predecesor.. . . Starting off with the good ones i have to mention the ost and how freaking good tracks are on it, just like the firts season in this aspect still keeps maintaining the same quality and are so emotives and beautiful ...
Need a cure for insomnia? Have you been unable to sleep? That's okay, I have an anime recommendation for you to put you to sleep: Otonari no Tenshi-sama ni Itsunomanika Dame Ningen ni Sareteita Ken (or for short, The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten). I promise you you will either fall asleep and keep forcing yourself to watch this boring shit, that or scrolling on your phone. I did both of these and has to keep checking the time to make sure I would at least have 6 minutes left, only to be disappointed to be only 14 minutes in. That's how boring this ...
Yo this show straight up sucks.. I really tried to like this show, and I went in with an open mind. Reading the summary it has a cool premise with a fun cast of gals working together. But that is not what is happening here. This show is 13 episodes of uncomfortable, gross, yuri stereotyping that feels like a group of horny guys just threw together their fantasies. If it was just some sexualized ladies that would be one thing, and it probably wouldn't be that bad. But like half of the characters are literal minors? One is literally in elementary school??? Honestly it feels ...
Hello, this review is from the perspective of a woman so I want to tell you about the different aspects I like and dislike from a female perspective!! Overall a fair warning this anime does not have a proper ending. Instead, the show has a seasonal ending where everything feels unaddressed.. When it comes down to the female characters there was only really two part that made me feel uncomfortable which was how Honoka would address Ayaka's body as being a full figure. Along with the little sister character that was the typical Onii-chan possessive ...
welp this is sad it's a harem waste of my time so in season 1 they don't fully out-bomb the harem theme in the anime but in season 2 it seems like they just threw a harem bomb in it. in season 1 i was enjoying it until they add the extra side chick we all know the MC only like one girl so far it's the pink hair called Feng Nu the rest is just there that shouldn't even exist like I honestly will never understand the use of harem like get this one guy surround by like 5 chicks and the chicks must ...
Trigun Stampede is a show that I wanted to love, a show I was absolutely excited for, but have ultimately been let down by. Putting aside the CG animation (which it deserved better than, see Bleach TYBW), this anime bears little resemblance to the original Trigun. In the original series, Vash is a loveable, overly flirtatious goofball, constantly getting into crazy situations. Below the surface, however, he is a tortured soul, running from his past, something thats revealed more and more as the show progresses. However, in this new show Vash is literally just a sad boy, quite literally the entire show. And the same ...
Hideaki Anno has completely ruined Neon Genesis Evangelion by utterly disregarding the fans hopes and expectations. It was such a long journey from the first movie in 2007 to this final movie in 2021 just to metaphorically slap all the fans in the face by this disaster of a film. The worst thing about this movie is the message they're sending out to every single fan of anime and that is "to grow up and move on with our lives." and specifically, moving on from anime and becoming a productive member of society. I vehemently despise that message. You never have to grow up if ...
The Way of the Househusband, also known as Gokushufudou, is a 2021 anime that combines elements of comedy, action, and slice-of-life. Tatsu, a former yakuza boss, is followed as he attempts to adjust to life as a househusband after retiring from a life of crime.. . The animation is average, with simple character designs and a colour palette that matches the series' lighthearted tone. The soundtrack is also average, with a cheerful score that adds to the series' comedic atmosphere.. . The characters are well-developed, with distinct personalities and quirks that distinguish them. Tatsu is a particularly strong character, navigating the difficulties of housework while also dealing with his ...
Mousou Dairinin, also known as "Paranoia Agent," is a 2004 anime series about reality and the consequences of fear. The plot revolves around a series of incidents in Tokyo that are linked by the presence of a mysterious figure known as Lil' Slugger, who is suspected of being responsible for a string of assaults.. . The animation is one-of-a-kind, with a distinct and memorable style. The sound design is also notable, with a haunting score that adds to the story's tension.. . The characters are well-developed, with motivations that are easily understood and supported. The interactions between the various characters are especially interesting as they try to uncover the ...
Honestly, it's a pretty average anime. Quite still, deliberately confusing, and with a soundtrack that bothers a lot at times. It's not funny, it's not emotionally involved, it's not rhythmic. The "photography" also leaves something to be desired.. . It has a legion of fans because it's kind of "cult", but I guarantee that there's something better to watch if you're looking for something cult (like Boogiepop Phantom, for example). It's not worth the time spent, I'll be honest.. . As a possible positive point, I can say that it has a relatively original story, but that it was developed in a very boring way. The main character ...
It really sucks to say it, but To Your Eternity, as a whole, is bad. I loved the first half of season 1, but by now the show has been garbage for almost triple that amount of episodes. The characters are atrocious, the animation is even worse, and the entire direction of the show is just mind boggling. Why is this an action show? Literally everything about the story would make so much more sense and work so much better in a slower paced, more dialogue heavy type of show. For some reason though, they want to throw as many poorly animated action scenes in ...
I could not force myself to sit here and keep watching this train wreck. If it's supposed to be a parody, it is by no means a good one. It screams 13 year old OPMC I'm the best you can't beat me and not in a cringe funny way. In a cringe I could sincerely see losers sitting here wishing they were like this and admire the character way.. . Story. If nonsensical was what they were going for to make fun of the genre, they nailed it. But in the most worst way possible. It was initially entertaining to see a bunch of weird events ...
TLDR;. -Animation looks really weird. -Fights are random and anticlimactic. -Terrible ending. -Hanekawa. . There was a lot wrong with this movie series, and it reached an all-time low with this final movie. So first of all, the CGI. The animators use a really weird combination of live action scenes, traditional anime style, and objects that for some reason are neither anime-style or live action. That, combined with the blatant CGI gives everything a really clunky and bizarre feel, especially the fights, which also were pretty bad. The fights all felt very random, each in their own way. It felt like someone came up with the villains and then told the ...
Fresh story with bad approach. It could have been great with few changes but alas it wasn't. Most annoying part of this stew is characters, or that is to say one character which keeps throwing money at everything and somehow things start working in his favor. Whole idea of throwing money at problems wouldn't be as bad if the amount wasn't "unlimited". It's just a shit idea. Why solve crime with money, you have unlimited amount of it, just pay everyone not to commit crime. Problem solved.. . Despite this being tagged as "mystery" there's no mystery in it. Neither is there any detective work. Some random ...
Kancolle 1944 is a disappointing show. Despite having only eight episodes, the slow pacing of the show wasted its great potential. The story and setting were bouncing around with a lack of explanation, causing confusion and frustration. Furthermore, the animation was clunky and low-budget, which only added to the disappointment.. . In contrast to its colorful prequels, the show was hinted to have a gloomy atmosphere in the trailers, and it did start off with a depressing battle that depicted the dreadfulness of the shipgirls in late (fictional) WW2. The battle was well-executed with great music and atmosphere, but the episodes that followed were a massive let-down. ...
This show should be called "The ultimate delusion" or "The perfect trap for an otaku".. . This is a story of a dude with only saving is that he is kinda nice... that's it. He is a shy dude, that isn't good looking, he isn't smart, he isn't athletic, he isn't funny and he has no personality... plus he pushes away the only girl that talks to him besides his family. Pretty NEAT. For some reason the most beautiful and perfect girl he has ever knew is madly in love with him and is agressive AF... despite being constantly being pushed away by the MC saying always ...
I don't usually write reviews, but goodness gracious this show is abhorrently terrible. There are possibly some things for some people to like in this show, but it fails on pretty much every single level I can think of aside from the occasional bit of spicy sound design and the one good character.. . The weird thing about this show is that absolutely nothing happens. Like, the plot is technically in a different place by the end, but it might as well not be. There's no progression or real resolution very often, and most of the time it's just characters doing menial tasks or sitting around. You ...
If you're a fan of Touch and Adachi mitsuru, then don't even give this movie a chance. It's not written by Adachi mitsuru which is obvious from watching it but instead it's written by someone that is completely lazy and hungry for easy cash. The movie reverts all the amazing development of the characters we love and it just repeats the same things from the original series but it's done worse. There's nothing new you get to experience from watching this movie. I wish I didn't watch it because holy cow, did it leave an awful aftertaste in my mouth. Avoid at all costs!!! Just ...
I went into the series with medium expectations considering the overall rating here. However I was disappointed upon finishing the series. I felt that Yuji, one of the primary characters was whole heartedly unlikeable from start to finish. He had no redeeming character traits, and his overall actions and performance made the series unenjoyable to watch. Yuji was either a wimp or just arrogant throughout the series. One trait that followed him the entire way was his complete selfishness. I was hoping for his personality to be more well rounded by the end of the series, but it wasn't, and the end was pretty abrupt.. . I ...
The Progressive reimagining of SAO could have been an opportunity for Aincrad to be done right, but with the direction things are headed, it will still suffer all of the same problems of the original.. . The biggest problem with the movie is that it doesn't really justify being a movie. The story feels like a filler arc because the central conflict is just about maintaining the existing status quo. The consequences of the conflict in the movie are not explored in the movie itself and is instead left as foreshadowing for what could happen in the future of the series. The story probably would have been ...
I have more chemistry with a piece of bread than the main characters together in the 5 episodes so far. . The main characters realize they are neighbors and start eating meals together, and slowly they fall in love with each other.. Why? No idea. The show doesn't know either.. . They have no shared interests, they don't discover anything significant about the other that could spark any sort of romantic interest. . The male mc doesn't have any good points, he only washes the dishes after the girl has made the food. It reads as a self insert of the author that wrote about his dream scenario of finding his perfect wife ...
Godawful adaptation. The original game is great, and a borderline masterpiece from an art direction and character writing standpoint. Go play / watch that instead.. . Issues with the anime, in a nutshell:. [*] butchers the art style; Alicia in particular looks very off model. [*] utterly butchers the original characters and overall writing / tone – the original actually felt like a bunch of anime-ish young people that ended up in fantasy WW2; this does not, and undersells the qualifications and training that Welkin et al had to, probably, make this feel more like a "relatable" shinji-fell-in-a-robot type story to young japanese people. [*] turns Alicia into a tsundere, ...
This is an anime that genuinely sounds like it could have an interesting theme. In fact, the first two episodes makes it even seem like it could be a sleeper-hit. However, it's all down-hill from there. Each episode that follows seems to get worse than the previous episode.. . The characters will become more and more nonsensical and even a parody of what they were originally debuted as being. The elephant in the room is the perverted nature of the MC. However, by the end of the show, it shows one female character become more perverted than him and he is now the one with the ...
I'm not into ASMR myself, so I don't have much experience in listening to ASMR videos, but I can tell that there was something off about this anime. It was said to be about ASMR, although almost every episode felt as if the autonomous sensory meridian response was only a fancy addition to something... well, something that didn't have much in common with the whole ASMR thing, but rather with seeing girls getting aroused while trying to practice their ASMR skills.. . Even putting this element aside and focusing only on ASMR sensation, this anime has completely failed in this aspect. Viewers are advised to watch this ...
I started this show hoping to find a cute romance anime. However, I couldn’t have been more wrong. The show is about a girl who got into a school because of a guy and this same guy sexually harasses and assaults her numerous times through the show. To me, this isn’t acceptable or romantic in the least. The first couple minutes feature the main girl showering (fully showing nudity) and then the main guy comes in the shower (even through she screams at him to stay away), wall slams her, and touches her. DISGUSTING. I would recommend to stay away from this vulgar show that ...
It's astounding that people are in here recommending this show. I've seen a good number of magical girl anime and while they all have some merit, Magical Girl Site, while also having one or two small points in its favor, has got to *easily* be the worst I've seen. The "camp" factor does not save it. Where shall I begin? I'll jump around:. . The first episode. Overly violent to the point of being completely unnecessary. On top of this, the violence factor is totally lopsided, mostly being piled in this one episode, so even viewers come came for the "messed ...
For a comedy show it sure tries as hard as possible to not be funny.. . Characters are one-note, the punchlines are horrible, and the premise is ok until you realize it's SA.. . I would say this feels "Of it's time" but Nadesco came out at the same time and that is a good show with some good comedy too.. . Also, the animation is horrible, and that is looking at it through the lens of when it came out.. . All I can say is skip it, it's not worth it. I kept hoping for it to get good and it never did.
I'm going to focus on points other reviewers didn't cover. One of which is that -- missed by many who focused on it borrowing from Eva (enemy designs) and SAO (character designs), Darling in the Franxx also rips off Knights of Sidonia, a critically underrated manga/anime that came before it with essentially the exact same setting. The Klaxosaur are basically Gauna, the method of defeating them is the same and team members must rely on teamwork in order to complete each battle. There's a half-breed character and a bunch of other watered-down copies of story events including the climactic events that happen ...
Season 1 was excellent and I loved it. However, Season 2 just isn't doing it for me. First of all, the plot. The plot has grown extremely muddled and hard to follow. As well as the female characters drooling for Anos get annoying. Also, the voice actor just doesn't hit the same at all. It's a completely different voice than the one used in Season 1. Honestly, even though I really wanted a season 2 of this show, I'm kind of regretting it now as this is no where near as good as the first season. In short, season 2 should have never been made.
This season in general has been incredibly disappointing. So much so that I had to create an account just to review it.. . I'm going to keep this brief. It's trying to develop its secondary and tertiary characters but it is doing so very poorly. The plot has thus far revolved around pretty much the same fight for most of the season. No satisfaction, no closure, just fight, lose, run, fight again. I don't know if the original director quite or something but whoever is directing this season needs lessons in storytelling because there is none this season. It is an aggravating waste of time, so much ...
when I first started this anime it looked very promising and I watched like 8 episode in a day, but when it got to episode 10 it started to get really boring and it got really boring near the end and there were a lot of times I though about dropping the anime.. I also found the story very basic, a orphaned kid trying to get revenge for his dad, I've seen anime like this multiple times I just think the author could of made it more interesting and unique. also I found that Thorfinn came from a weak little kid to a super strong ...
I thought I will get bipolar disorder just by watching how characters switched from one behaviour to another without cause or reason. There was absolutely no reason for them to open their hearts at any moment in time. At least authors did not bother to explain it. It is so dumb and disrespectful. It is as bullshit as movies sponsored by "Federal Fund for Economic and social support of the Russian Cinematography". I have nothin against autism, but this show is just beyond my pain tolerance.. . Let me answer some generic questions.. Is the story unique? - Story?. Do you think the art style is fitting for the ...
Incredibly interesting concept, but the MC is a copy paste of every other "perfect nice guy" self insert for the dorks in their 30's who live vicariously through pictures on a screen because they're unsatisfied with how their life went, which is fine for that demographic but it totally ruins what could have easily been a 10/10 if executed correctly. First few episodes of the show were chef's kiss, but after the first phenomenon it devolves into a big old nothing burger with some of the worst character writing and dialogue of any show I've watched since 4kids yu-gi-oh. On top of the controversy with ...
I can't believe a season was so bad it made me read the manga. . Comparing this season to the first season, it just doesn't matchup at all. It feels like a 12 episode filler with barely any regards to continuity, and although some scenes were enjoyable, most of it felt off and it wasn't any better than the first season, which was ok I guess.. However one positive thing I can remember at least is that depending on which character you want to win, this season gave them all lots of screen time in random-ish plots but then again there wasn't that much development behind it.. Watch it if ...
Insatiable season. I had a crazy hype that was ruined miserably from the start. Up until the first few episodes it was even bearable, they just cut a few details, but from the fourth episode they started removing entire narrative arcs that are very important for the story. It would have been nice to see these story arcs and characters in animation form. Unfortunately, however, it was a total flop.. Everyone says they don't take manga into consideration, because soul and manga are two different things. But here it goes further. The underlying problem is not only the narrative arcs not introduced in the story, but ...
If you like the sound of loud, industrial machinery raping your eardrums, along with a couple of black and white buildings (you can't miss them, Itou's constantly panning in and out of said buildings, just in case you missed it the first ten times), then oh boy, do I have the anime short for you.. . Takashi Itou is known for his Avant Garde experimental shorts, which generally make use of flashing lights, floating images, time lapse and stop motion techniques, and sound that seemingly leaves the ears ringing afterwards. A connoisseur of the likes or a highly interested individual in this sort of work, may ...
It's interesting to think of Denshinbashira Elemi no Koi as a nostalgic sendoff to the landline phone era and its greater intimacy. Cellphones appear nonexistent or a luxury of the wealthy, and the technology is suggestive of the 1980s or the 1990s. We've yet to reach the nadir of poorly composed text messaging filled with baby talk in Elemi. However, the story may be too plain, were the creators to treat us to the standard bittersweet and long-distance romance facilitated by the phone. Instead, we're presented with a literal goodbye to the era, as Takahashi, without foreknowledge, becomes entangled in a lovey-dovey and electrifying tryst ...
Inu to Shounen is an animated music video made by Wit Studio which became very unpopular due to the fact it used AI art and many people found it offensive. The music video is about the relationship between mankind (shounen) and artificial intelligence (inu). It tells a story from the time the two "characters" first met to an apocalyptic event occurs until the two best friends reunite in a post-apocalyptic environment.. . The art style is definitely not the worst thing that has been made into anime, it's not great but AI art has some potential if it's well-used. The thing that actually ruins the whole experience ...
Let me put it this way:. Some people created some kind of power point hentai and you are going to watch it. It's all this hentai is about.. Story wise nothing special; your normal hentai story. (Maybe) beautiful body girl, a trigger and They've already started.. Art? Appealing. Art stops you from watching this.. Scenes? Power point. What is this? They even doesn't have good motions.. Non-sense... well... OK. It doesn't have that sort of non-senses like rapes and anal sex.. Do I recommend it? NO. Art sucks. Scenes suck. Go find sth more kawaii and nicer to watch.. . For more recommendation take a look at my AnimeList. TNX
I generally don’t mind these sort of generic mediocre isekai’s, but I loathe this one. Seeing the obnoxious smirking face of the main character makes something snap in my brain and I spend the rest of the episode thinking about all the ways I wish she’d die.. . My problems:. •For someone who just wants to have fun fighting she draws an awful lot of attention to herself. Did they forget that part of the plot?. •The whole “I want to fight strong people/creatures” thing is played out and overdone to death. We’ve seen plenty of other characters with a similar drive and they weren’t the ...
The plot is obvious because you have all the key information given to you very early. The following 18 episodes are just a whole village of adults totally unable to connect 2 dots despite spending the entirety of their time doing exposition. You just want to shake the hell out of them until a spark turns their brains on.. . They have litterally god-like omniscient dogs running around their village that contains all the knowedge of humanity. Maybe we should use that? Ask the appropriate question? Nah.. If you dont intend to take advantage of that, why would you run the risk of this knowedge falling into bad ...
The first season was fresh and enjoyable. The second season is just endlessly the same thing over and over: Nokkers and Fushi or Fushi and Nokkers. The outcome will certainly be a thought provoking treatise on good and evil, but it will be boring and derivative. Fushi has become a self righteous prick. Even the flamboyant Tasty Peach has become a sour green tomato. Characters are flat, tone is depressing. The show may not be finished but I'M DONE!. The first season was fresh and enjoyable. The second season is just endlessly the same thing over and over: Nokkers and Fushi or Fushi ...
King dies and reincarnates as a all powerfull female warrior, and decides to do the generic fantasy adventure stuff instead of taking care of a new kingdom. Its all good and interesting during the slow but well paced start, but shortly it all get torn apart and to be replaced with the "generic all powerfull MC" stuff, with the boring hero that solos everything and everyone, without having any real threath to him or everyone around him, while also becoming completly rushed, jumping from one big threath, to another bigger threath, without any time in between to build up what was happening, just a constant ...
Man, I try not to be too much of a reactionary, I like to give things a fair shot. But for the love of all that is holy in this world, just... wow... Holy moly. This has to be one of the ugliest, choppiest, cg budget cutting pieces of anti-art that I have ever laid mine own 2 eyeballs upon. This is what you get when some corporate shmuck just HAS to bring back a series for some cheap profit, but can't be bothered to do it right, nor can they even be bothered to do it wrong, it transcends terribleness. So they cut corners, ...
Did you like the first season and how they introduced each cast member and how each band's dynamics have been? Well, you won't find it here.. . In what was similar to how other "idol anime" have done it, the first episodes goes around each of the different cast members to showcase their personalities and chemistry between each other. Except not really. In the first 5 episodes, I am looking at a very generic group of throwaway characters that I have very little to care about.. . When it seemed like Lyrical Lily were taking over as the protagonists of the series, I did get excited because I believed ...
I don't know how else to describe this show in short besides "Sexual harassement/stalking of a teenage girl is fine and will eventually get rewarded!"- The Anime.. . Honestly, that's it. That's the anime.. . When I started I thought I'd at least be in for at least SOME nuance, since I'm not inherently against age gap romances, I wouldn't even be against sexual harassement of a teenage girl in fiction if it's done with the purpose of exploring a certain toxic type of relationship, but this does neither explore or make a commentary. It's supposed to be cute. Yeah. But I can't possibly find it cute ...
Nanatsu no Taizai: Funnu no Shinpan. . And this is where the plane finally crashes. After hearing years ago that the third season was going to be a disaster, I at least hoped that the fourth season would fix it. I thought to myself, this must be an exception, time pressure? Stress? But no, here with the fourth season the low point in quality is set. It should be forbidden to even charge money for this because no quality standards are being met here.. . Despite the massive disappointment, I got through the third season relatively well, at least there was still plenty of story, structure, and character background. ...
Nanatsu no Taizai: Kamigami no Gekirin. . For a long time, I was afraid of this, I knew what was coming and that very knowledge only made my burden more difficult. A bad anime can be improved by magnificent animation. Fast pacing can always balance the flow of scenes, dynamic animation in harmony with the music, help distract the viewer from flaws and entertain elsewhere. But when an average anime is given deadly pacing and disastrous animation, it's no longer fun. And at the same time, this season has been animated better than the final season. Therefore, for those who have already had traumatic experiences here, stop. ...
Konichiwa, edin11-san here.. . The time has finally come. To any new readers, welcome. The long awaited Demon Slayer review is here. Let us begin, shall we?. . ~Story~. Decided to watch this anime with no subtitles after taking a year of japanese in college. Couldn't really understand what was being said but the story was basic enough that i could pick up what was going on despite that. I would highly recommend watch this one with subtitles or more preferably in the English Dub as it will probably make the story easier to understand. It's a 3/10 for me.. . ~Characters~. Not much to say about this one. weird incest ...
Stone Ocean could have been a great input in this terrible series, Jolyne is probably the most likeable JoJo, before the most popular Joseph and my person favourite Jonathan, but her character is terribly used as usual by the creator of the story, the same can be said about Weather Report. All the other character are either forgettable or feel forced into the story, like Ermes, Anastasia and Emporio.. . The story itself is a clusterfuck you are left wondering what the villain actually wants to achieve, some elements of previous JoJo's are repeated in this season which shows a clear lack of originality, despite the author ...
Predictable isekai-esque school fantasy. Every single characther feels flatter when comparing to the source and the art looks bad at points and just bland in the rest. There were extra parts added to the story and some characters were also changed.. The amount of times MC:s eyes were misalinged or his face was wonky was magical. Some of the monster designs have been weird so far and the in the OP-MC moments, the Mc just looked derpy. The animation quality was what you would expect from a small studio.. . The show is still enjoyable, if you like your isekai-esques extra predictable. The opening is a banger and many ...
i just finished this awful, disgusting, horrible, appalling, nasty, terrible, godawful, disgraceful, pathetic, horrendous, sickening, atrocious, shameful, horrific, vile, heinous, horrifying, nauseating, very bad, so garbage, lousy, poor quality, dreadful, gruesome, dire, grisly, catastrophic, despicable, loathsome, revolting, repulsive, rotten, hellish, yucky, embarrassing, disaster of an anime.. . Story: 1/10. the story is ver-😴. . Art: 1/10. got ufotable shaking their boots.. . Sound: 1/10. if this shit plays in my funeral, i will revive back from the dead to turn that shit off.. ...
Akira is one of the most well-known movies, even an anime classic to a lot of people. However, is it really worth all the hype that people give it?. . Short answer, no. Long answer, almost every aspect of akira is extremely flawed, but first I'm gonna talk about the story. At the beginning of the movie, we are introduced to a dystopian Japan, with stuff like gang violence, espers and a mysterious guy known as 'akira'. This all seems like an interesting mystery, and it is, but all that build-up is ruined by a disappointing ending, leaving even more unanswered questions and plotholes. To some people ...
Honestly, I don't want to continue watching this. Since the trailer I already knew this was gonna be bad.. First of all and the most obvious, it has nothign to do with the source or the original manga, and while that is not necessarily bad, it shows and will condition your experience with this. It clearly shows that the authors expect that you know the source or at least the original anime adaptaion as they just drop names and random stuff but at the same time they try to make something "new" from 0.. . If you have seen the original, you'll know that everything is explained very ...
Make My Day is a 3DCG Sci-Fi, horror anime that is set on a cold planet called "Coldfoot". In this anime Humanity has populated many different planets. The planet Coldfoot is (what a surprise) really cold. But on this planet is a ressource important for the energy supply of the humans named "Sig". That's why criminals are sent to this planet to go into mines and get Sig. The rest of the population on the planet is really poor.. . Jim, the protagonist, works part-time as a prison guard. His co-workers often make fun of him and he's pretty much their personal sandback if they want ...
I will be REALLY honest right here now. The story is indeed 8/10 and very intriguing but why does it make me drop?. . Here's a thing I know a bit about animation, novel and manga creation... All of them started out with the same thing such as. 1) Art concept.. 2) Story concept.. . Now, why do I mention this? This anime may use a VERY traditional animation style but they did something NO animator should not do! Using the art concept as an animation frame.... . The still image is impressive yes but those are "art concepts" an artist's doodle so the animation artist will draw the frame for it. This ...
A novel adaptation that uses a simplistic art style implies in an a show with a good backbone and fluid animation, two elements that, in theory, ensure it should be at least good. Unfortunately, the execution fails in many ways.. . We have a semi-industrial world that suddenly was afflicted by a sudden change in its natural laws. Fire has gone rogue, and any human that comes too close it it will spontaneously combust. They discovered that the blood of demons can be used as a substitute and have been forced to hunt them as a mean to survive. An interesting mix of early industrial and mysticism.. . The ...
The game's main strength seems to be a beautiful world with an incredible atmosphere, complemented by a patient story. Yet somehow, despite being set in an incredibly cool nearly abandoned futuristic world overrun with greenery, this anime FAILS TO CREATE ATMOSPHERE. There's amazing music from the game, but it only plays for like 10 seconds?? There's unreal levels of amazing artwork yet they literally skim past the shots in (not exaggerated) less than TWO seconds each??? By failing to use silence & create the atmosphere the story leans on, it horrendously eats shit because the plot & its characters are not yet interesting enough to ...
Riding on the hype for the real life soccer Word cup 2022 in Qatar, the anime was released at the perfect time to be overhyped (even using names of the irl players participating), grabbing more viewers than just the fans of sports anime.. . Story:. Having that more audience worked as its advantage since as a sport anime its terrible in comparison, failing in every aspect that makes a sports anime a good sports anime, throwing out of the window everything related to tactics, analyzing opponents, teamwork, will, self-improvement as a player and as team, specific practice to improve specific skills, rivals (between teams or in-teams), action, ...
[Overall enjoyment: 4] Listen. I really REALLY don't know how to go about this show. I initially watched the show weekly when it aired in 2015 but it gets harder and harder to keep up coz it just gets pretty boring and cliche to the point that I just thought 'why am I doing this again'. It's honestly a pain. I dropped it and finally picked it up 3 years later coz I just realized that 'wth there's only 3 episodes left so why not' so I tried to watch it again coz I wanna REMEMBER why I dropped it. And I guess I kinda ...
Dissapointment: the anime.. . There are some anime with concepts or characters doomed to fail from the start, but that is not the case with Hunter x Hunter, however everything it could made wrong it was made wrong, it takes the award of how much screw up it made with its concepts.. . Story 2/10:. Each arc consistently feels different and distinguishable from one another, which is good, but it also consistently has a lot of build up to a very dissapointing ending, every conflict is solved by the dumbest reasons, which can be unpredictable, but unpredictable bad in a sense of how will they ruin this arc this ...
Started watching when SAO was still recent, so the only opinions I knew it had is that was popular and well received.. At the time the 'trapped in a videogame, you die in the game you die in real life' and 'isekai' genre was still also recent and not so oversaturated as it is today, helping for the popularity it got early. So coming into this show I was very eager to like it.. . Oh boy was I dissapointed, this show is everything I loathe in a harem.. It is mentioned in episode 1 how the game has like a 95% male playerbase or some percentage like that, ...
The 3D graphics are garbage.. Vash and wolfwood look like generic discount e-boys that every other god damn generic anime uses.. . They got rid of Milly, the bastards.. The story is bad.. Easy skip.. . If you want to watch something good watch the original series. So much better. Even though it's from the 90s it looks so much nicer and cleaner, better story and better characters.. . Apparently I need to do a super in-depth review of why this show it's shit to be able to publish this. It's shit because it tried to remake an awesome original and instead of improving upon it they took a bunch of steps back. They ...
More disappointing than The Promised Neverland Season 2.. . The only good thing about this is the voice acting. The animation looks worse than Queen Bee, and the characters don't even look like themselves half of the time. The worst atrocity is Mira's lips at 7:42. While in other shots they're drawn quite appealingly, in this shot, they look flat and it looks like she had a bad lipstick job. Some shots stay on screen for too long and the pacing makes it a grating experience.. . There are some shots that flat out don't make sense. There's one scene at 13:26 where Mira is sucking his dick while ...
I decided to give this one a re-watch because I couldn't remember how it ended. Let it be known that I originally watched Elfen Lied when it first came out and you had to wait to buy the dvds or find a good bootleg on ebay lol. I originally gave it a 10 on MAL, which to be honest, I now question why. I don't know if its because I'm older and have kids now, or if I only remembered the cool gore bits (horror/gore addict) and blocked the gross child nudity from my mind, or perhaps my tastes just changed.. . Well, after giving it ...
For being a TRIGUN remake they're not Trying Gun enough.. This show takes all the fun of the original trigun and sands it away with k-pop themed sandpaper. The soundtrack is so generic and repetitive that it's not fun to listen to and is so loud it drowns out all of the already boring dialog. Not a single character has done anything memorable or enjoyable outside of an occasional fun action scene that leaves you hungry for more visual fun and then continues to leave you hanging until the episode ends unceremoniously. It just feels like a cash grab by using the name and surface level ...
this anime is for all cuckolds and simps on the world,. if denji see power, he dont remember about makima.. makima and power dont give attention to denji, he couls even die.. Aki is the same like denji-kold for makima, he love makima for a completely different reason, but why those girls dont like him.. And what the hell doing with died demons yakuza? why even yakuza doing there? plot is poor but only reason is making this anime is popilarize being cuckolded.. I think its shame to call it good or anime.. HE IS A DOG HAHA FUNNY. HE LICK HER FEET HAHA FUNNY. I want to better anime ...
Immoral Guidl is the type of anime that I strongly recommend avoiding.. . The reason is simple: Immoral Guidl doesn't have a story. So nothing happens during its 12 chapters. In the end, in the last chapter, nothing is different from the first chapter.. . Considering that there are thousands of good stories, I must warn you that watching Immoral guilds is a complete waste of time.. . The real value of Immoral Guild is based on the erotic situations in which you will see all the female characters being attacked by monsters. The classic "tentacles scenes" of hentai animes.. . But, even if you are a fan of these types of scenes, ...
This anime is absolutely awful but I love the opening and ending songs. Those are really the only good parts of the anime.. . The plot is really generic (underestimated OP MC builds his harem in school) and the dialogues feel like a 4th grader wrote them. The animation just feels very low budget (except for the backgrounds for some reason) and the fight scenes are unimpressive with random dialogue in between.. . The MC is always super nice to everyone for some reason, even his enemies and this just makes him lack any emotional depth. Also in general the male characters look super bland while some of ...
Please, don't watch this, especially if you have never played the games. The games' plot is amazing, but this movie proceeds to ruin it in every way possible. Do yourself a favor and play the game.. . There are scenes in a different and weird order, and others were brutally skipped or ruined. There are some cute additions, but they aren't enough to justify watching it.. . It also randomly forgets to explain important plot points, while instead trying to create a love story between Atoli and Haseo, which ultimately means nothing to the viewer because they never showed their friendship moments in the first movie.
For something that had a unique and interesting premise, this severely did not deliver.. . Fena was a princess...a witch...a prostitute...a maiden... a pirate...pretty much anything you can think of, she was. Not only was this confusing for the audience, it was confusing for Fena. In one episode, she explained that she had all these coined names given to her, but despite that, she didn't know who she really was. And dejectedly, the ending didn't answer that for us.. . As a protagonist, because she was unaware of her own purpose in the world, she often relied on others to get where she needed to go. Even ...
I truly think the creators of "Lupin III vs. Cat's Eye" wanted people to like this movie. Combining two classic franchises known for beloved characters, memorable music, and fun action sounds like a love letter for the ages. Unfortunately, no amount of goodwill could have saved it from atrocious animation that brings the entire production down, and a story that deserves it. Whether you're a lover of Lupin or an admirer of Cat's Eye, you have nothing to gain from this -- and an hour and thirty one minutes to lose.. . -Story and Characters-. Combining these master thieves in one movie is a comfortable fit, ...
"A popular girl who's an otaku and a guy who likes dressing up dolls!". . "Alright, characters are done, now we just need a comedy bit..". . "How about, girl is completely clueless how sexy she is, and that makes things very difficult for the guy!". . "Perfect. Well that's it for the writing, now we'll just get someone to animate it real nice and we'll have a highly overrated show on our hands!". . ^ the creation of this show, probably.. . The MC's each get their one trait, that trait is introduced and all emotional trauma from it is laid bare and resolved within the first 2 episodes. Then it's ...
There two types of entertainment most people would find questionable: one is represented by the average Russian citizen watching Rio's regional soccer championship (the lowest professional tier possible, played by neighborhood dudes) because the World boycotted your national tv. The other is watching a Japanese chicken-raising show on the international tv service because you're drunk with your roommates. The first you only do for lack of anything better, the other because you're embracing the joke.. . Some people try to fit Hidden Dungeon in the second group, but it doesn't. Appearing in this God-forsaken hellhole means you're likely reconsidering this anime after dropping it in its ...
Is it the physical abuse that's supposed to make this a romantic comedy? If the guy was the one beating the girl, no one would be laughing.. . I watched the first episode in 2023 and boy let me tell you, it has not aged well. I think everyone's well aware by now that a man being beaten by the woman they're in a relationship with is also abuse. I hope no young people watch this and think a relationship like that is even remotely okay, much less romantic.. . When the female MC broke into the male MC's house and started attacking him, he should have called ...
Unfortunately this show looks really bad, like have you ever noticed how weird the producers eyebrows are. Aside from that everything tends to look very flat and the patterns of the outfits are pretty bad.. . There were some decent jokes, but way too much straigth man pointing out the joke-ism, especially unnecessary since all the characters are roughly equally depraved, which too could have been used for humor but was rarely.. . This is primarily a fetish show with a slight idol aesthetic, which is fine, but most of the fetishes did not appeal to me like smell fetishism, light yandere or the main girl constantly pissing herself. ...
After watching the original 1997 anime, which I loved, I really expected this to be at least decent and decided to give it a chance despite the reviews. BIG MISTAKE. This show is the embodiment of everything I dislike about anime; it takes all of the worst anime tropes as ingredients and puts them together in one disgusting pie. I have not read the manga yet, so I will review this as a series, not as an adaptation.. . Part 1) The Plot. The plot contains many of the biggest issues with this anime. Very often, it feels like things happen suddenly and for no reason. The biggest ...
Stumbled upon this and thought I'd give it a try because it's 3 minutes long.. . I was surprised to notice that this short animation focusing on scenic shots, uses very blurry, nonsensical, obviously AI-generated backgrounds. I believe it is the first time I see this used in anime, and it does not look good at all. Netflix appears to be on an endless quest to find more corners to cut, and it seems background artists found themselves on the butcher's block this time.. . If they put only a fraction of the care they put into these main characters in the environment surrounding them, this might have ...
Typical shonen except this one is a very bad one.. . Story:. Is nothing special, it borrows (copies) a lot of plot points and tropes from other more popular shonens. It treats the MC as this poor guy who has all the odds stacked agaisnt him, when in reality he gets the most broken ability in the whole anime. The story resumes to the MC wanting to be the strongest and beating bad guys with ease.. . Characters:. 1 dimensional at best and unlikeable at worst, most of them are just anime tropes, the hothead, the tsundere, the pervy guy, the gluton, ect... they also, as the heroes, are rude to ...
Make My Day (2023). . Make My Day, well it did not. Whilst the story isn't the worst thing ever the show just feels like watching cutscenes from something around the early 2000s.. . The story: Earth technology becomes advanced > people explore space > people find amazing clean energy source > people find fossils > fossils turn out to be sleeping aliens > aliens angry > energy source not so safe > rich people greedy > lots of people die > everyone stands in a line and tells us they want to make a new happy life elsewhere. Story ends. Oh, and the hero has 0 experience ...
Holy crap on a cracker, that was a waste of time.. . Not gonna lie, after the first episode I thought that maybe someone from the crew learned to write, cause I got something that was remarkably similar to an intro to a plot.. Well… that’s the last time I get my hopes up.. The “plot” is resolved in the first 6 episodes, then You have 5 episodes of total bullshit that does absolutely nothing and the final episode is the beginning to something that once upon a time would be interesting… if written by someone who, oh I don’t know… actually knows how to write? Just a crazy ...
Decided to watch for being such a popular movie even outside of anime itself.. I can now say it is the worst anime movie I've watched so far.. . Considering that this was "a challenge to the author to prove it's worth" as I heard, just like the anime itself, this was terrible and a cashgrab.. . Story:. Most of the movie is about trying to put as many characters as possible from the anime with no reason or purpose at all, random "battles" if you can call them that of them throwing moves at each other (or most of the times to the air).. Story was non-existent at all.. . Animation:. Laughably bad, ...
Got a lot of popularity for having meme faces and cute girls, however that's pretty much it.... . The isekai world is nothing special at this point, and this world is as bland as it gets, but it's main point is the comedy:. . Comedy:. By being on the Internet you already know the 3 main girls, the 3 of them have a very good contradiction joke that makes their whole character, but besides that nothing else, the same joke, while being a good joke in the 1st or maybe the 2nd time, it's repeated over and over and over.... . However the Main Character has no "joke" at all, his thing ...
The perfect example of Quantity over Quality,. both in characters, arcs, episodes, everything.. . Being a part of the big 3, and considering it's popularity and rating, it was to expect better, instead it is just a (long) waste of time.. Under a promise of "it gets better", I watched 500+ episodes and it never did. As much popular as the show is, it tries to milk as much of the property as possible, and it shows how strict the schedule of publishing manga is considering how bad it is.. . Characters:. Over the million characters it has, focusing on the main crew, they all give the illusion of being good characters ...
When the blindness googles of the sexyness of the female characters and the cuteness of the mascot is taken off, this show has nothing of value, but people rode of the hype train and never took those googles away.. The MC is one of the worst types of characters, a mindless pervert who takes advantage of female characters in danger to help them in trade of sexual favors, which all of them happily agree.. . Main Character:. The problem in having such a bad MC is that the story and the rest of the character derail together with them, the fights have no sense of stakes due to ...
Non-spoiler ep 1-5. . I will be honest here if you are looking for a bloody gore revenge story? You are in the right place. To sum up without any spoiler. 1) This story is about taking revenge request for a "bitten gold coin" no matter what it will be.. 2) It's super gore for sure.. 3) Its action focuses.. . Now for the bad side of this show.... 1) Mystery doesn't exist in this show... Reminder THEIR JOB is to kill for revenge NOT ask the damn question. Even if it ends up badly, they have to do it. I even wondered if this show is properly tagged.... 2) This should be ...
Unlike most people that have a problem with this anime, I don't care in the least about the fanservice or loli stuff since I'm not a boring normie... The animation is superb too so no complaints here... But the story and the characters are so terrible that this trash is simply unwatchable unless you're some sort of cuck or masochist. I don't think anyone calling this crap wholesome has any functioning brain cells. Look past the comedy bits (That I personally find forced, boring & completely unfunny) and what you actually get is a horror story about forced transition & identity theft. Both Mahiro and ...
This anime is one of the examples where you shouldn't have over-hyped an anime made by an A-List production company. Personally understand why people likes it, and dislikes it .... Started cringing at the first episode and this could be the cringe-iest graphics i have seen this season, probably the entire anime list in 2022. Personally ain't good at drawings, but I know animes are unique in it's arts and drawings, not a piece of work rendered in 3D. It's awfully lazy and disgusting, if Martin Scorsese watches anime, he would have say "This is not anime".. Chainsaw man is utterly over-hyped, generic "animated" series made ...
This show has an issue that you'll find in anime/manga. Especially in romcoms. The main couple can’t get together too soon, because that would turn away viewers who exclusively watch for the romance, but it fails to offer the viewer anything else to distract them from the lack of romantic progression. This mainly happens because Japanese romantic “comedies” tend to disregard the “comedy” part entirely, or at least so it appears to the average western viewer.. . Consider shows like How I Met Your Mother and Friends. Regardless of how you feel about these shows, it’s hard to deny that a lot of their viewership sticks around ...
Honestly complete and utter trash. This anime tries too hard to look thought-out, intelligent and smart or whatever. Decided to suffer through this piece of garbage with my friend, who by the way, is an awesome guy unlike this thing. This waste of time couldn't even be a meme. I shouldn't waste my time further writing a review on this pretentious mess. We are going to make better use of our time and watch some anime that are worth watching at least a second of, which would be Zombie Land Saga. Also, I'm willing to fight any fan of this dung pie, anytime, anyday. Would ...
Honestly complete and utter trash. This anime tries too hard to look thought-out, intelligent and smart or whatever. Decided to suffer through this piece of garbage with my friend, who by the way, is an awesome guy unlike this thing. This waste of time couldn't even be a meme. I shouldn't waste my time further writing a review on this pretentious mess. We are going to make better use of our time and watch some anime that are worth watching at least a second of, which would be Zombie Land Saga. Also, I'm willing to fight any fan of this dung pie, anytime, anyday. Would ...
Started watching this based on reviews alone. By the time I realized I was waiting for something interesting to happen I was already at episode 8 out of 12. It was then when realization came to me. This show is nothing more than hype train without wheels. Every few minutes metal music will kick in, narrator will explain something super mundane and obvious to everyone. They will literally explain how rabbits run fast and tigers have big claws. After that something else will be repeated. We'll see 30 seconds of a well thought out fight but then it will be interrupted to show a room ...
Thought I'd finally give this a try after a friend kept reccomending it to me, and oh boy, do I regret it. It starts out as your typical isekai anime, mc dies and gets granted a request before being send of to another world. The unique thing about it is that MC only asks to bring his smartphone along. Sounds interesting right? Well... it could have been if he wasn't handed everything that is possible. There's nothing in this world he can't do as he literally has all powers. That has nothing to do with the smartphone. Sure he has a few smart ideas to ...
Welcome to the sityoassdownandhaveyourbrainmashed anime.. . The Qwaser of Stigmata is one of the most boring anime I have ever seen. I have never thought that I would say something like that about an uncensored anime that shows oppai. The only reason why I watched it is because of my OCD.. . The main macguffin of the story is Theotokos of Tsaritsyn - a holy icon in which it shows the Virgin Mary breastfeeding the baby Jesus. For one reason or another everyone wants it, but rarely anyone actually looks for it. Good thing the writing is so bad that it doesn’t matter and new plot points overwrite ...
The concept is interesting but the execution just doesn't work. The child is obnoxious, stupider than any child has any right to be, and she is the worst part of the show. And given she's the focal point for the show means that the worst part of the show is the show.. . I wanted to like this show because I enjoyed Spy x Family and remember "three men and a baby/little lady" from the late 80s/early 90s as a great situational comedy with fun and enjoyable scenarios. But Buddy Daddies fails to deliver by trying to over deliver and dropping all the parts that should ...
People argue about whether this is a parody, a deconstruction, or just bad. Here's the basic premise from the first few episodes.. . A kid with a very specific delusion about being an unkillable overpowered anime character, secretly ruling the world from the shadows trains in martial arts and larps in front of people. Then he gets isekai'd when he gets hit by a truck. He gets reincarnated into a world with magic, becomes powerful, and hides it while doing things in the background just like his fantasy. He's really doing this, and the world is played straight too, meaning the people interacting with him.. . The early part ...
"VERMEIL IN GOLD". . Genre- Shounen, Ecchi, Comedy, School, Magic, Supernatural, Fantasy.. . In terms of existence and the kinds of entities that are out there, you can say that demons rank as the most fearful. And when 'Alto Goldfield summons Vermeil, the most powerful demon out there, you can be sure that things are going to take a turn. With high dreams of becoming the most powerful mage in the world, Alto gets on with his journey of becoming a Platinum Square after summoning Vermeil as his familiar.. . The main plot of the anime remains pretty basic right from the start, where we have an MC who is pretty ...
Geneshaft is a bland, mediocre anime with a decent premise that fails to deliver on almost every category.. . First, let's talk about audio. The soundtrack is a sloppy amateurish hodgepodge of cheesy guitar riffs. Unlike other attempts at this like Trigun, the guitar work is simply obnoxious and clashes with the overall aesthetics of the show. There's not much "rock & roll" or action in the series, so I think chunky guitar riffs were a weird choice, and the poor execution makes that more apparent. The English Dub is mostly good but there are a few intolerable performances (like the programmer who talks with a ...
Technoroid: Overmind is an sci-fi anime about idols who are trying to become idols for the sake of their bills and based on the three episodes I watched, the anime was a disappointment, with simple character designs and unattractive background scenery, the animation style was poor. Additionally lacking were the action sequences and special effects, which gave the scenes a stiff, uninspired look. The plot was basic, and the storyline lacked originality which was the reason why I dropped the anime.. . In addition, the voice acting was dead and unnatural, which made it challenging for the viewer to connect with the characters. Additionally forgettable, the ...
I'm going to say it right off the bat, Makai Tenshou or Ninja Resurrection is by far the worst anime I have ever seen. Sure there might be objectively worse anime out there from a visual or technical standpoint, but in terms of sheer repulsiveness Makai Tenshou by far the last anime I ever want to see again.. . First things first this anime is NOT a sequel to Ninja Scroll, another gory 90s ninja anime that came out a few years before, despite the fact that the makers of Makai Tenshou intentionally styled the cover art the same way and named the main character Jubei ...
I'm just going to say this in the first sentence, You're missing out on absolutely nothing by skipping over this Isekai anime.. . If I were to make a comparison I would compare this show to Michael Jordon's Space Jam because they're both advertising something to you, only one's advertising Basketball shoes while the other is advertising Japanese Culinary arts to foreigners, which is a shame because the show suffers for it.. . The show's greatest strengths lies in how it portrays Japanese Culinary arts in Japanese establishments, and customer reactions and commentary on the food as they eat. There's really no plot line to talk about for this ...
Welcome to my first review on this website, I am not used to English so I rely on a translator. This review serves as a warning so that you do not waste your time watching one of the most horrible animes that receives praise for superficial reasons by mediocre audiences whose minds do not use them to think but are carried away by their guilty pleasure. It is divided into positive and negative aspects.. . Positive aspects:. - Use of bullets at specific moments creating a sensation similar to reading the manga.. - Classical music is used to add it to the soundtrack even if it is used less ...
Itou Junji: Maniac (2023). . Rich, vile, and horrific. That is what I want to say but the problem is I just don't think anime can do horror still to the level it wants, it just isn't scary, and it is missing something still. I think it still feels like I am watching Scooby Doo so the horror just doesn't come through. It is really a great set of shorts but they just feel a bit empty and soulless in this format which really sucks because they have been worked on so well.. . The art style is average, nothing special, certainly not at the level of horror and ...
Overall Impression: A short (25 minutes, give or take) full CGI film about a boy meeting and falling in love with an escaped android, whose handlers will do anything to get her back. The CGI is not as bad as you'd think, but there isn't much here that's worth going out of your way for. This could have been more compelling as a full series, but there isn't much time to get to know or care about the characters with so much content crammed into the length of one episode of TV anime.. . + Positives: The CGI here actually looks pretty decent at times. There are ...
I honestly loved the whole concept of cosplay, the dolls, and dressmaking etc. being brought to anime, It is very unique. I just found the sexualization of minors disgusting personally…It has alot of ecchi elements so If you aren't into that then don't watch it. The main character is a 15 yr old high school girl and is sexualized through out the whole show. Even if it was a fan service anime they shouldn’t sexualize a 15 yr old girl. But I do like how the show gives personality to the characters they aren’t bland and boring. They actually have real hobbies lol.
Gundress is an average mecha anime with boring characters, dated animation, a lackluster plot, and poor pacing. The best part of the movie is the mecha designs. While they are not particularly unique they are well conceived. It is unfortunate that there is little focus on the mecha elements. The characters are shallow and rather stereotypical, most being forgettable. There are some scenes where the animation looks pretty good but overall it is mostly dated. The plot is uninspiring and while not awful does not lift up the anime in any way. Finally the pacing for the first ...
I liked this show in the beginning, because I genuinely thought it had some good writing (only in the first 2), but it quickly went south with the writing as it depended on too many tropes and cliches. This show is meant to be exaggerated, however, it goes to a point where there's barely any explanation and multiple plot holes. The main character, Nagomi, drags everyone down with her with barely a redemption arc. There is lack of character depth for most of the characters, as again, the "development" of said so characters purely depends on plot holes and cliches. I wouldve liked this show ...
Well beside the cheap animation and entirely stupid plot with over bubbly or morbid characters or some prissy lass or just those the blend into the background till they get their few moments of presentation.. The Character development is boring, mundane and generic & just lazy writing. . Lets look at how the space craft is falling in Episode 3 yet outside the window they still look like they floating in space, then it switches it towards them breaking through the atmosphere scene even though it still peaceful outside window.. . How about how they power an entire space craft generator with little more than a standard ...
Right off the bat, the show throws us the most unlikeable and unrelatable characters, from a subservient mc incapable of standing up for herself to literally every other being on the show's setting being obnoxious and hideous human beings. From the first episode every single character gaslights the MC into developing a form of stockholm syndrome wherby she believes being treated like a slave labourer by her grandma (who recently accepted to taking up parental duties from the MC's mother) is all deserved.. . The show is rated PG 13 yet in episode 3 we see the main character kidnapped by a guest and made to wear ...
A Gothic lolita who solves mysteries a la Sherlock Holmes. What's not to love? The idea sounds great, but in Gosick the execution is botched. As a fan of the detective genre, I really wanted to like this show, but its characters, especially the MCs, were a huge letdown. After enduring 13 episodes, I could not stomach any more. Victorique is a tsundere in the extreme, enough to make me slowly come to despise her. The last straw for me was when, in episode 13, she expressed getting satisfaction from seeing the suffering of Kujo, the male MC and her devoted companion. She says this ...
As a huge Junji Ito fan, I unfortunately have to admit that his work just does not translate well into anime. The overall quality of the show is good, the mangaka's artstyle is replicated perfectly and the stories have all the elements that make a good Ito tale, there is just something I can not put my finger on that get's lost in translation and turns a bizzare reading experience into a slice of life show. As far as I am concerned, the only Junji Ito manga that was adapetd reasonably well is Gyo, which was heavily changed from it's source material. If you are ...
So, I am not a manga reader, so do not know too much about the Tokyo Revengers manga. However, during season One I felt something about the whole thing. I felt like the story tries to show me something that is a shounen but goes 180 degrees to a different location. Well, It is, but unfortunately, it is not a good thing.. . . Even though the fact, that first season even had some flaws, for me, neither Takemitchy nor the Tokyo Manji Gang was not irritating. I loved the way that Takemitchy tried to show for spectators, despite his Rivercrying no Jutsu... And was kinda exaggerated but ...
THIS IS A SPOILER-FREE REVIEW. . The first season of "Chuunibyou" was a calm and relaxing experience with the typical Kyoto Animation touch. On my way to watch every single anime this studio has ever produced i have never ever seen them make a bad show. The quality was so high that i thought this studio was invincible. Turns out that that is not the case. My review for Chuunibyou Ren, which i will just call "Ren" here:. . Story - 5/10. . I mean, i didn´t expect them to make an insanely detailed plot or whatever. The first season never laid it´s focus on that and no one had a ...
simple tldr:. the mc was a strong diviner, shaman, exorcist etc. basically really strong mage guy... he got killed because of his strength which feared people and got betrayed from his companions,. and so he got isekaid into a rich family without magic, but he still can use his powers from his previous life... his father enrolls him into a mage school after showing him his powers alongside a companion maid which has some sort of fairy powers... now he makes his moves really carefully, and looks for the hero in this new world which he is, so the new Hero has companions and won't be alone like himself... . Q: why ...
This is a true Masterpiece!. As an avid anime watcher, my parents never understood why I like to watch animes. When they see me watch animes, they'll ask me why I'd watch those animated series because they think, it's for children, so I wanted to show them an anime that is not just for children but an anime, everyone could watch and because of that I showed my parents and my little sister Shoujo Ramune.. Needless to say, they were absolutely blown away with this one! Not only did they cut off every contact with me but I'm also forbidden to speak to my little ...
This has to be the most overrated anime ever. I do not understand how it has a rating above nine stars. Some of the top anime in the entire anime community do not have a rating this high. This anime is 90% filler. For a supposed psychological futuristic sci-fi anime it's garbage.. Since I'm required to talk about the anime art and characters. The art style was very standard for its time. Nothing special.. The lead character has to be one of the most annoying idiotic characters I've ever seen. He's put in fake harem scenarios on multiple occasions. Just as filler. Does not add anything to ...
This has to be the most overrated anime ever. I do not understand how it has a rating above nine stars. Some of the top anime in the entire anime community do not have a rating this high. This anime is 90% filler. For a supposed psychological futuristic sci-fi anime it's garbage.. Since I'm required to talk about the anime art and characters. The art style was very standard for its time. Nothing special.. The lead character has to be one of the most annoying idiotic characters I've ever seen. He's put in fake harem scenarios on multiple occasions. Just as filler. Does not add anything to ...
I watched the dub and really enjoyed it, up until a certain point. Initially it does comedy and action well while being fun and a little heart-warming. Nothing to write home about but definitely worth your time.. . Up until a point, the point at which Okami's backstory is explored a little. And frankly, it's horrible.. . The tone lurches so hard you'll get whiplash. It's added as a simple plot device with no weight or meaning into this comedy show. It's frankly disturbing and disgusting. For those curious I'm referring to Japanese high school girl trauma 101, use your imagination.. . I really want to go into more detail ...
It's a 25-episode season crammed into 13, with the budget for 6. Obstacles are frequently ass-pulled or hand-waved away. The few action scenes that happen on-screen are crudely animated/choreographed, especially in the second half. Characters are afforded no time for development; the BBEG's motivation is relegated to a few quick flashbacks. The whole season feels directionless without S1's revenge plotline driving it. Finally, the last episode is a pseudo-recap, largely shoehorning in scenes from episodes which were presumably cut after the scene was finished, and including multiple loli-bait scenes.. . I liked most of S1, but now my hope for S3 onward is tenuous.
The second season is somehow worse than the first. It's more idiotic, the characters around him, the world, everything's even more pointless than it already was. The main character is still a block of wood who can do everything, even beat up huge monsters with his bare hands. All the magic, the monsters, the archery, everything is redundant. He can literally just do whatever.. . Most of the time is spent with trivial ass drippings. Researchers in the monster taming guild, even slime researchers, can't figure out basic shit about slimes, like their diet or habitat effecting evolution. They somehow never figured that out. Metal slimes tend ...
This show is so formulaic, it gets boring.. . The incredible protagonist who does everything effortlessly and never loses, while every villain is a caricature. There's no depth at all in any of the characters, not even the protagonist. His motif, his reasoning, is way too simplistic and really breaks the illusion of a smart person, the resume of it being: "rich people bad, poor people good". And the villains are cartoony, as in, they'd let any poor person die and suffer in front of them just because they're poor, repeat ad nauseum for the entire show.. . The plot is always the same; a poor person suffering in ...
It's already 16 episodes but i can tell you guys that i can't enjoy this 3rd season at all. The anime quality is beautiful but the tempo of the story is a meh!. . This arc (harvest festival) should have been completed in 6 episodes or 8 at maximum and they make it into 17 episodes. I felt so angry every Saturday night after watching this anime, it doesn't spark any joy! 😡. . I really hope if they get 4th season which is music festival arc, the tempo of the story will getting much2 better than this, because that's my favorite arc on Manga, please don't ruin them ...
No history, just a bunch of "scary" setups that lead nowhere. Best premisse is the tunnel one, I got a bit interested in it, but the rest is apalling. Even Tomie's episode sucks. Wtf.. The art is enjoyable, but every character looks the exact same. Same skin tone and body build. Sometimes there are overweight ones but even so theyre all equal. The 3D is terrible, the ice cream episode was laughable.. Didnt enjoy anything, watched out of pure masochism. I understand the concept and stuff but man, Netflix just ruins everything. I dont know if the manga is also this bad.. Ah, 1st story on ep 8 ...
Junji Ito's manga can't be animated well!. . Of course, the genre of horror in the medium of anime has always had a hard time. It's hard to trigger horror in the consumer with drawn pictures and animations. Horror in anime very quickly looks like trash. That's why you should focus on atmosphere and shock the consumer. And that's exactly what Junji Ito's manga do perfectly. And that's exactly what the anime fails at.. . Junji Ito is a masterful horror mangaka and arguably the best in the industry. He is well aware of the weaknesses of the manga medium when it comes to horror, yet he executes the ...
I liked it maybe 10 years ago. Watched it again and it just might be the worst thing i've ever seen. 2/10 it's not too late to break out of the matrix my friends. +1 point for ryuujis MILF mother. . Story: typical high school anime, nothing interesting. Art: it's okay. Characters: probably the worst part of this show. Not sure how anyone is supposed to like taiga, unless hmm they just like lolis..?. Sound: music was bad. The OPs are an instant skip. As for voice acting, english dub is way better than the original japanese. Pretty much the only reason i was able to finish watching this show.. Enjoyment: ...
Doraemon the Movie: Nobita's Great Adventure into the Underworld is a slight step up from the previous Doraemon film, though it still fails to pass the threshold for what I consider to be average. This time around, Doraemon and Nobita have entered in to a parallel world similar to our own but with the existence of science being replaced by magic. All is not well in this new world as demons have come and it is up to the gang to save the world, with a new character called Miyoko Mangetsu helping lead them to the demon world to fight back. The premise was a ...
If a slice of life/cute things/wanting to watch the original clannad before after-story is not in your interests, then you will not like this series and should probably look elsewhere. It can hardly be called a romance and it is more so a very long slice of life. Clannad season 1 can't get anything higher than a 6. I really like cute things but apart from that, the plot is very very slow and boring at that. It's not so much a romance as it is a slice of life and while there are a few good moments, most of it really isn't worth the ...
I give 1 point for the effort of all staffs to make this series and for the trying effort in promoting the game. I give 2 decent points for the wonderful animation by MAPPA and Madhouse, the only saving grace of this series. I'll start with my conclusion of this series for the entire part of this review is just about me saying how bad it is: Takt op. Destiny was as bad as Shion's cooking before she gained the master chef skill. It was inedible.. Of course, having MAPPA and Madhouse for the animation was incredible and the only good thing, unfortunately, of this series. ...
Coming off watching select Godzilla films from the first 1954 one to Shin Godzilla, I was very interested in Godzilla: Planet of the Monsters. The plot is very unique; it’s a far step from the tried-and-true formula that Godzilla movies tend to follow. Despite this, Planet of the Monsters ended up being duller than the Japanese government trying to repel Godzilla for the nth time. There were three things that made the synopsis of this movie enticing: how Godzilla won this time, what a future Earth would look like after being dominated by Godzilla, and of course what Godzilla does during the movie. None of ...
Okay I'll try to be fast. . First, it's an imitation of Spirited Away. . Art: That's a offense to any proper artists in general, backgrounds don't combine with the characters, the effects are bad(<---focus in the "BAD"), and that bunny don't combine with nothing, it's an poor made design. . History: Generic, character development is bad, if you hit a tree 10 animes like that falls, they tried to do something different and its just strange. . Scenes: Oh my god it's horrible the dialogues are so bad they stop like 1 minute in the same close and open mouth scenes, the characters don't seen to be alive IT'S SO STRAAAANGE, looks ...
Gonna go with (7,78) for my full ratings.. . To be honest, this anime has unclear pacing and plot execution. The characterizations can be said to be unstable and annoying. What I enjoy in this anime, to be honest, is only the fanservice hahahahahaaa..At least this anime has the advantage from the waifuable characters.. . For old anime, the visuals that are served can be said to be good, but basically they are average.The quality of the songs and the voice actors can be said to be the aspect that I enjoy the most in this anime. The voice actors in this anime feel really good, especially when they ...
Watched this anime quite a while ago so I mostly forgot what was going on where, but this doesn't matter that much. What made me drop this show is the drastic change of the main character - Yuu. In just one episode he transforms from the cool guy who uses his ability as he pleases and has his own understanding of what he wants to do and what he will do in an unwilling character who would follow Nao's commands without any complaints because abuse of power is wrong... And because of that character Nao which I hate very much since I don't understand how ...
I watched and loved s1, and though I can't quite remember what about s1 did it for me, I can say with confidence that s2 lacks any and all of whatever made its predecessor good. I feel like s2 jumps around a lot, and the story/events are hard to follow. Chekov's Gun is a great writing tool, and s2 doesn't use it at all; drop a couple hints that something is gonna happen before it happens, otherwise it feels completely out of left field. Overall, s2 feels cheap and unnecessary, and I wish s1 had been the end if this is what a continuation looks ...
İt was the most ridicilous movie ive ever watched. Let me explain myself:. İt is a love movie without love.There was no love between Taku and Rikako that even Yutaka is closer than Rikako to be a partner to Taku. They were not couple,they were not even friends.Taku just put up with her for his friends's sake.Taku and Rikako shouted out each other and had fight they didn't even sit and chat properly throughout the movie.. Sooo You cant just tell me that he actually fell in love with her inside his heart but didnt realise it until the end.İt is so foolish.
Okay, being completely honest; it's not worth the hype. I get that they want us to know the background of the Human fighters, but there is no need to spend 5-6 episodes on one fight.. . The story was cool, I guess. Learning the history of the characters who're fighting against the gods so that we can get a good idea of who that person truly is and what they've been through. (8/10). . The art isn't really an issue for me since I watch donghua. (no rating). . Some sounds on the other hand were incredibly obnoxious and sometimes weren't needed. Donghua's have that same issue. (3/10). . The little characters ...
The story has crawled to a snail's pace. The show no longer has anywhere near the whimsical character interaction of previous seasons, which is a particularly important thing that was propping this already rather poor anime up. Instead we're meant to take all of the characters very seriously now because of the situation, but I find myself preferring that about half the cast just kicked the bucket so I could stop listening to their terrible dialogue. The healer... I really don't think I've ever liked a character less. Won't be getting back into this one unless I find out it gets significantly better. It's a ...
4 movies in and a distinct formula is definitely starting to set in. Structurally, this film is extremely similar to the previous film (which I had plenty of issues at the time - read that review for more details), with the gang proposing a trip followed by an hour or so of light adventure before the sudden reveal of a hidden society two thirds through culminating in a major battle at the end. Unfortunately this time around I found the ocean exploration to be rather dull, slow and boring. Some minor tension is introduced at a few points thanks to encounters with unknown creatures and ...
Oof man what can I say this anime really made me think about what the anime industry is going through these days,I didn't have high hopes for it but good lord is it just awful. I don't think a person made the jokes I the anime and thought"i think I have made the second coming of konosuba" the jokes are so bad that I don't even know what the story is anymore. I don't want to make it long but long story short I hate every fibre of this anime the first season was manageable but this this has crossed the line.
Second season of this mid ass melodrama proved to be tenfold worse than the slow ass first season. How come 12 episodes were more excruciating to sit through than the first seasons 25?? Jesus christ man. This is worse than any soap opera ive ever seen. Main female has profound mental retardation. She takes over 8 episodes to realize ‘if i use my words to communicate then people will know what im thinking and feeling’. Well thanks for coming to this conclusion which most people make as toddlers.. . Main couple has no chemistry. By the end of the series I was rooting for Kurumi to ...
Trials of Cold Patience - Northern Bore.. . I was actually kinda looking forward to The Legend of Heroes: Trails of Cold Steel - Northern War. I had heard good things about the game and hearing that the story would apparently be an original story taking place in it’s world got me excited. Unfortunately, if we’ve learn’t anything from Lucifer and the Biscuit Hammer, if the animation is absolutely atrocious, it doesn’t matter how good your story is.. . Okay, that’s not really a far comparison. Unlike Biscuit Hammer, Northern War’s animation wasn’t so bad that it made me ill just by looking at it. However it is ...
I didn't really know what to feel about it as I watched both the "episodes" unfold in front of my eyes. The art looked terrible, the sound seemed decent and the overall presentation felt average. I don't really get why the makers chose to split this prologue into two episodes when a single one would have sufficed, but I did admire a few shots. That being said, they were really far and few. Not having any dialogue wasn't the problem; trying to piece together the plot surely was, and in hindsight, a waste of time. I gave it a watch since I enjoyed the 2017 ...
I am traumatised for life after watching. 'My Life as Inukai-san's Dog'.Probably, the worst sexual or ecchi idea ever applied on anime!🤮. . The plot is that. The male mc's soul resides in The dog but the girl doesn't know that, yet she is engaging sexual interaction with the dog!🤮. . Sexual behaviour with a dog is totally abnormal biologically or psychologically no matter how you see it!. . Biologically,. Men & Women are meant to have sex with eachother to produce a child!Have you ever seen two different species having sex such as a cat & a dog!Hell no!. ...
Spy x Family Part 2 is the second installment in a series of manga by Tatsuya Endo, and while I enjoyed the first one quite a bit, I'm sorry to say that Part 2 has been a huge disappointment.. . The story picks up right where the previous one left off, but it quickly becomes apparent that this installment is lacking in both plot and character development. The focus of this volume shifts away from the family dynamic that was so endearing in the first one, in favor of a more action-oriented plot. While this may be an interesting shift, the story ultimately fails to deliver on ...
Many of the characters are very shallow. If you are fat you get beat up and if you are pretty you're beloved. There is hardly any character development. Just when you think things will get better they dont. It is like running in circles. Super unrealistic, especially how the students are constantly beating eachother up with no intervention from teachers. Only once was a fight broken up by a teacher. Otherwise there is no reprocutions for the constant assults. Every one is always trying to fight each other, makes no sense. Over all very boring and disappointing. Only reason it is not 0 is because ...
It's one of the generic magic school shows, I feel like I've seen it a million times and it's not done well here. The main character is a block of wood, despite his half assed backstory. He goes around complimenting and being complimented by a bunch of women, who are also blocks of wood, other than constantly blushing every time he speaks to them.. . He's overpowered, he has to hide his identity, all the other students are noblemen, they look down on him, bla bla bla, the same shit. They keep getting impressed by how powerful he is while considering him the under dog. This feels ...
Freedom and High morals will never be alongside.. . What happened to “Shinzou Wo Sasageyo” (devote your heart) and all the sacrifices and the deaths by the titans especially by Reiner Bertholdt and Annie, all that rage and striving for freedom?? simply in one season does not exist anymore! The creators are switching heroes. Is that even allowed? ohh what can we do to stop the desecration of one of the best shows ever? Unfortunately, it's already desecrated. there is no way back. This has been happening a lot in recent years to the great shows like GOT, the creators are switching heroes and destroying everything they ...
Eng: The story is so modified from the source material that I don't even know what to say, they totally changed Professor Gray from a military alcoholic to a goth magician, it seems the screenwriter didn't even read the source material it's a real disaster, crap, Amelia a cheerful fool who tries to be a copy of Stella from Rakudai Kishi since Amelia is a super depressed person, Rebecca being very prominent in Elise's place and her arc won't even be in the anime she should appear very few times, Elise he became a mere extra the scene of his rescue was completely cut, it's ...
For lack of a better simile, Akudama drive is like eating rock candy- at first seeming incredibly interesting, an interesting appearance with an enticing texture, it tastes sweet but isn't much more. Like liquid sugar, Akudama Drive doesn't really make for much more than a temporary sugar rush.. Like flashes of lightning, the series always presents something that is enticing, ideas that come off as interesting, characters that you *could* grow attached to- but they exist within their boxes of tropes and don't become more than characters on the screen. For their initial presentations, most of the characters exist as incredibly edgy and egotistical characters ...
Well, this watching experiance was... unexpected. To be fair, the story and characters were filled with potential to be extreamly interesting, the execution not so much.... . This anime has absolutely no freaking idea what it wants to be. The tone shifts so erratically, jumping from a gourmet slice of life, to all out comedy, to the most gruesome gore fest. I get how the gore fits the story, but the way it was presented, going from gore, to happy comedy, back to blood splatters, and then we're all happy again, in the matter of minutes, it had me questioning wheather the soul purpose of the anime was to traumatize ...
Dog Shit.. . If you’ve ever needed a reason to argue why there needs to be a big, red “wipe out the human race off the face of this earth” reset button then My Life as Inukai-san's Dog serves as an excellent example of why we need that button, and why we must push it immediately.. . I don’t think you need me to explain to you why an anime about a harem protagonist transforming into a dog and sometimes performing soft-core acts of bestiality with his kidnapper who happens to be his crush, and sometimes the victims she invites over is fucking creepy.. With art and ...
This is so far from the sauce material that they may as well have just made it a different story altogether with different characters etc.. Everything great about the manga has been removed and replaced with the generic c**p that almost every 3rd rate anime is spewing out. The main characters personallity is the complete opposite, and is now the usual bland MC, the other characters around him have all been reworked into shallow tropes, apart from Evi who is the one and only thing I kind of enjoyed about this series so far.. . Watch it if you are bored and need some generic mindlessness but ...
To give an updated review - My first review was for the first three episodes I just watched the 5th episode. I still stand by my complaints below. That being said, it's because of Carol and Carol alone that I will raise the show from a 5 to a 6.. . Here is my original review........ . I was looking forward to this anime, because I thought it had an interesting plot and the trailer made it seem fun to watch. However, as of episode 3, I'm struggling to force my way to continue watching it. All the characters come off very flat. Every character besides Tomo is ...
I do not think I'm prejudiced at all, dropping Major S1 after a mere 3 episodes, despite it being over 100 episodes long. I do not even think that I'm rating it bad because it's old or meant for kids or whatever. I just think...it's bad. I mean, Hikaru no Go's one of the very few shows I gave a 9/10 in the past years, so when I cannot stand Major S1, it really doesn't really have to do with these factors.. . While a show like Hikaru no Go feels timeless, Major just feels old. I do not see any benefit from all of the melodrama ...
This is the usual isekai where he has all the powers, literally all the magic, and he figures things out that no one else in the world managed to despite only having been there for three years. Everyone is always impressed by him, by everything he does. He's shy and always embarrassed about being praised, which is constantly.. . The praise goes further because he's a child, even though he's a forty year old japanese business man. The usual thing. Although it's extra weird because they seem to be pushing some romance with an actual child and, again, he's a forty year old japanese business man. Although ...
This show is part of an insidious conspiracy to introduce the Japanese audience to the DARK and SINISTER fetish known as "feet". The Japanese government, formerly run by the upright and honest Shinzo Abe, has entered a DARK COVENENT with the western pornographic demon market in order to create this abomination. Whatever happened to some good old fashioned big naturals? Why we gotta look at feet now? Goddamnit. This show is the anti-Christ.. . The excessive and gormless foot imagery is left specifically non-descript in order to allow the viewer to impress their own fantstical version of their idealized "foot" onto the characters. However, this "foot" as ...
This is definitely the kind of sequel that does nothing but disgust even the most casual fan of the first season. Shingeki no Bahamut: Genesis even with its lack of ambition deserved and should have had a better sequel. First, because the previous season was as basic as it could have been, a clichéd and predictable narrative, but above all pleasant and functional. Something Virgin Soul is far from, although it shares the same weak structure. Genesis is simple and well-executed, while Virgin Soul is a mess. We'll start with the story first.. . The story takes place 10 years after the events of Genesis. The capital ...
I like the premise of this series. But in general, Fumetsu has been boring the living out of me for the last 5 or 6 seasons. Which is, frankly, sad to say.. . Season 2 is more focused on a main cast and its stories. Besides Fushi, we have Bon and Kahaku (I had to google his name). Lately they have suffered attacks by nokkers, which are our villains - that have no impact in the story whatsoever, since they are just a bunch of slimes.. . Fumetsu no Anata e 's best point is the depiction of the life circle, but it was never really used ...
The superhero genre is already bloated, permeating modern culture in every facet. IMO my hero academia has come along and added nothing unique or of value, instead feeling almost manufactured to cash in on what is popular in the shonen/media world. Izuku is a burden as a protagonist, you'll wish you could have been saddled with any of the other characters. Rivalries have been done so much better in the genre than his one with Bakugo (think Haikyuu, naruto etc). Izuku is backed by an unmemorable bunch of discount shonen riff raff. There hasn't been many animes/manga that I've had difficulty finding at least ONE ...
Detroit: Become Idols.. . Technoroid: Overmind is err… not good to say the least. A story about a four android roommates trying to become idols so they can pay the rent and the electricity bills could make for a fun comedy, but with it’s lacklustre animation and generically annoying characters, I found sitting through the first four episodes very difficult.. . That’s not to say that you shouldn’t watch the first episode, in fact you should. The 180 it does at the end might be one of the funniest things I’ve seen in a while. I’m not going to spoil that particular moment, but I does set ...
Having watched season 1 of Rent-A-Girlfriend which wasn't so bad, it had some funny moments, season 2 is a complete disappointment. As someone who loves the Shoujo genre of comedy romance, it's rare for me to see a main character such as Kazuya with absolutely zero personal growth throughout the whole show. He is so obnoxious and wishy-washy that makes this anime insufferable.. . While having a huge crush on his rental girlfriend Chizuru, Kazuya is also dating his "real girlfriend" Ruka whom he doesn't like at all. And Ruka is completely fine with it, and actively chasing this loser of a main character. It just does ...
The Rising of the Guy Who Was Kicked Out From His Party and Fantasy Light Novel Things Happen, Who Cares?. . Ningen Fushin: Adventurers Who Don't Believe in Humanity Will Save the World is a concoction of tropes and scenarios from all the mediocre *sigh* Light Novel isekai/ fantasy anime you could think of and have probably seen before.. . You’ve got the Beast Tamer-like main guy who was kicked out of his party yet, and I’m going to take an educated guess here, they’ll probably regret doing so because it turns out he’s good at his job. You’ve got the Arifureta subplot played out by a dragon ...
A very deceptive anime overall. It's absolute trash.. . -- to anyone who watches the first 10 episodes and drops it as a default slice of life anime.. . What are you, deep fried? Watched too many harems to realise this isn't actually what it seems on the tin?. . Come the heck on mate. It shouldn't take that amount of effort to watch the entire show. The characters alone have their own unique charm to drive the very simple plot -- that people forget even exist somehow.. . The best.. . ...
Fate/Grand Order and its consequences have been a disaster for the Fate series.. . Let me explain: What made the original work Fate/Stay Night so entertaining were not just the references to history and mythology (and letting important figures emerging from there fight it out) but also the characters. None of them were particularly complicated but they all had something about them that made their journey fun to watch and they had great chemistry among each other.. . Now the big problem with FGO is that it only has half of what made FSN good. We have plenty of characters from history and mythology, but no cast that one ...
Cyberpunk: Edgerunners is an excellent example of a game adaptation. The story is extremely fast-paced, features characters that you do not care for, and is a cacophonous mess.. . Ultimately, what Cyberpunk: Edgerunners boils down to is its story. Yet, the story's not that great and ends up being generic despite the endless possibilities in the setting. If you're going to sacrifice character development and growth for the story, at least make it memorable.. . Less is more here. David Martinez is a smart, high school kid that grew up poor, but with a mother that makes great sacrifices to get her kid into a good school. The ...
This could also have been titled Domestic Violence:Origin Story. Shizuku is smart, focussed, hard-working. Unfortunately, one day she crosses paths with Haru. He is violent, jealous, and has no understanding of, or interest in, how anyone else thinks or feels. In other words, someone who Shizuku should stay well away from. He is an incipient abuser who needs therapy, not a girlfriend.. . Unfortuntely, Shizuku falls in love and forgives every red flag. Haru's default reaction to every stress is violence. See a friend talking to Shizuku? Attack. Encounter his brother? Grab the class president by the throat and hold her hostage.. . The worst of it is that ...
What happens when the author, producer and greedy executives want more money from a series that completed its story? They make a good anime/story and forcefully extend it to the point of ridiculousness full of convoluted BS and pathetic villain's. They Boruto it.. . My first gripe is the MC voice changed. what the VA did was horrible but did not warrant the change. The new VA while good does not match the MC charisma/attitude. Go to season one listen to the VA for the MC from season one and compare with the new one. The second VA voice does not match what the MC should ...
I recently had the unfortunate idea that I should try out a harem anime and that it should be the most iconic one. School Days it is.. . Turns out, my favorite thing about this anime is the background art. There are some really nice shots. However, I really dislike the character designs in this one. The art style looks so bland and palette was in dire need of some contrast. Everyone has dark hair, dark blazers, dark pants/leggings and it was legitimately starting to bug me how similar the characters looked to each other. I’m so used to looking at Bleach and Code Geass designs that ...
If i could give 0 start i would do it. I feel like i wasted hours of life watching this... thing.. Why? do you ask. Well, lemme start from the beginning.. . At first, you will be tricked into having some kind of interest about the story, which starts to die after the 3rd episode. This thing (it won't have the honor to be called an anime) tries to make fun of magical girl genre. Yes, i said "tries", because can't make a fun joke without taking it to the weirdest points, in a bad way.. Do you like gore? Then lemme put a "gore" scene, but i'll take ...
1/10 🤮. . Horrible writing!! Even an 8 years old kid can write something better than this. Main character is dumb. The cat spirit girl is more dumb. NPCs are far more dumb. The dragon girl is way out of dumb league. Unmeasurable.. . The world building is horrible. I believe the show only got anime adaptation because it has good characters designs. I thought isekai cheat magician is the worst anime I've ever watched. I WAS WRONG!! This anime is absolute taste destroyer. Dropped anime. I can't. It's 2022 and this kind of horrible writing got anime adaptation?. . The amount of nonsenses this anime have is ...
The popular sentiment that this series "started off strong but had a bad ending" is absolutely ludicrous to me.. . What would you do if you had a chance do redo your life? If your answer was something like "try harder in school" or "buy bitcoin", congrats, you're less unhinged than our blubbering crybaby loser protagonist Hanagaki Takemichi. When presented with this same opportunity, Takemichi decides he's suddenly absolutely obsessed with his 13 year old ex girlfriend who he hasn't thought about in 12 years. Putting aside how totally Not Weird that is... Thus begins Takemichi's epic quest to stop her life getting cut short in the ...
Summary: A 180 from season 1 which may leave many anime-only viewers questioning whether they should continue the Vinland adventure.. . Story. Season 2 appears as a full slice-of-life rather than focusing on development through conflict, history, politics, and visuals. It also doesn't appear to follow season 1 necessarily and instead, almost presents itself as a different show entirely. The pacing is substantially slower as we no longer see quick character development. Growth, and thus the story, is nearly halted to tortoise speed.. . Visuals. They're good but do not live up to season 1. It's been a while since season 1 and considering its success, season 2 should have been ...
Alongside isekai, romance is one of the most common genres in anime thanks to its huge amount of subgenres: School romance, romcoms, romantic dramas, harem, ecchi romance and the list still goes on.. You can even mix the aforementioned subgenres and themes and if the author has its own unique style and makes an effort to create compelling characters with engaging storylines, which the audience may find relatable or believable, it has the chance to become a memorable love story. But there is one big problem: Romance, not only in anime but in every piece of media is one of the weakest genre because a lot ...
Atrocious adaptation yet again, two episodes are enough to turn anyone away. One of the worst things about Junji Ito's bad stories is how they abruptly end leaving no explanation to what happened, or them starting extremely slow and then rushing to the end in the last few pages. If you think this is intentional, it's not. Ito himself said in a interview he's a lazy ass and instead of rewriting the script to fit the 40-60 pages he prefers to change it on the go. This sometimes work, most of the time doesn't. This anime manages to do even worse somehow. Sometimes they end ...
This show came 20 years too late. The animation style, the coincidental romance tropes; everything is so flatly predictable, so you'd hope for interesting character personalities. No. The MC has seemingly no sense of humor. Dry sincerity, with occasional bored replies to his "too-cool" filler sidekick friend and his happy-go-lucky girlfriend. The "Angel" is insanely serious, which is the obvious point, but so far the show hasn't really given a reason to like her. She can cook. She's cute. Troubling insecurities because of her wealthy parents. Anything sounding familiar yet?. . The art style is similarly nostalgic. Rigid movements with big eyes, awkwardly-drawn hands, and 80% of ...
People might claim there's some hidden nuance under this show; they might say to "just wait until episode X". They are wrong. This is humiliation fetish anime. An insecure highschool girl bullies an introvert to tears. She isn't "cutely" bratty, she's relentlessly annoying. She isn't doing the male protag any favors or offering wise, complicated lessons. I understand the message; I understand the characters have two layers: what we see, and what they actually feel. I think the show is about average, and the others' high praise is because of (1) good animations, and for some reason (2) people love bratty highschool women.. . The male protagonist ...
It's not often that I review anime that I drop. Typically, I wait until I finish a series to review it. However, this is a frustrating series that I feel I need to review but I also have zero desire to actually suffer through 10 more episodes. A friend of mine recommended this series after the Youtuber Mother's Basement hyped it up as a subversive dark comedy and brilliant parody of shitty, isekai power fantasies. Eminence in Shadow or "ES" as I'll refer to it from now on uses a lot of tired tropes and cliches. It's fully aware that it's doing so and intends ...
If you want a half decent isekai anime, oh boi this is not one of them.. . Animation:. The show does not even clear the first benchmark for isekai shows : A decent animation quality. So yes, this show is low budget like later seasons of Seven Deadly Sins.. . Story & Characters:. Nothing new here. Overpowered MC with a mysterious pass, attends academy, get some girls, fight some bad guys and tries to get over his trauma. Sadly, its done in a very bland & horrendous way, with the story moving so fast that i cant appreciate anything the show is doing. Truly waste of time to watch. ...
I don't know I kind of enjoyed the first season of Komi Can't Communicate but later on when I started to watch second season I started to realize that I grew tired of Komi as the main character. There are some enjoyable characters for me such as Najimi and Tadano. But this is really tedious that after so many interactions with other people Komi stays as she was before. This is like in children's cartoons where everything that had happened so far becomes forgotten in the next episode right away. And like why would you add so many new characters? What's the point of that ...
The middle episodes (3-6 or 7) were quite interesting, I liked the hierarchy bit and the fight scenes. The concept (body switching) was alright, they couldve made it a lot more interesting or even explained it? The MC is a total ass in the beginning but has some random character development. It got so fucking boring when the whole singing thing started (the last two episodes). I guess I’ll go try the manhwa. Just skip this boring shit anime. The voice acting is cringey, the animation is stiff, the pacing overall is god awful. I truly hope the source material isnt this bad, because if ...
HELLO FELLOW DEGENERATES!!!! Oh BOY do we have a doozy for you!. . May I present to you a very unexpected (and personally very horrible) anime for this season! Basically we have a perverted boy who turns into a dog, interesting premise already right? Well he gets picked up by his crush on the side of the road as a dog, now what do you think they do A) acts like a normal owner and pet and take care of one and another, or B) do they do some very questionable things with one another as owner and pet? If you guessed the first one? WELL YOU ...
Show is completely overhyped.. . Is the only appeal of this show the supposed 'relatability' of this pathetic main character? Is that seriously the sole merit of this show? Bocchi fails to function at the bare minimum of existing in society and that is somehow supposed to justify this pitiful plot. Nothing of any note worth mentioning happens in the show. The characters other than Bocchi don't have anything interesting going on in their lives, no backstory, no motivation or interest. Actual cardboard cutouts.. . Who can relate to this character? Bocchi literally has 0 friends, unable to exist with other humans and can not even stand upright ...
Boruto is a trainwreck, it ruin everything that have been built from Naruto like powerscaling and world building etc. . Powerscaling: The Shippuden casts nerfed so bad, that they become entirely different characters, Sasuke is my favorite characters in og Naruto with his badass Susanoo, Chidori, and Amaterasu. However in Boruto he become weak af, always run out of chakra, and not dependable anymore. . World Building: One of Naruto's biggest flaw is lack of explore to other village, even so they have many histories told by narrative. First I saw Boruto, I think they would expand more about the lore of other village. However they ruin the universe ...
This anime just screams of more stories from the world they have created. I haven't read manga but you can feel it oozing good world building even through this adaptation. Problem is, story in anime itself is a mishmash. It's not that pacing is off, rather there's no pacing at all. One episode story will go to past and back, another episode will be of some lunch making, third episode will introduce more characters and another super-villain then very next episode it would be a love story. I honestly have no idea which story they wanted to tell. You get the vague idea it's all ...
The Secret of the Frog Stone is a supplement "extra episode" to the series as was Sharp's movie last year, though this case is not plot-relevant. It's a pretty interesting take on the existence of Witch Frogs and puts into perspective the length of time passed since the former Queen's reign, as well as interpretations on historical Japan. I thought the masks were really significant, as masks frequently hide emotions and can be read as a sign of adhering to traditional behavior on a surface level, as well as dealing with various factors such as love. I enjoyed the connections to Aiko's parents and the ...
This series makes me feel really uncomfortable. I feel that if it was animated and produced even A BIT worse, the reception of it would have been much, much different.. . I don't know how the story progresses, but after going through 3 episodes, I gotta say, Mihari (the scientist sister), specifically her relation with Mahiro seems really abusive. There is a forced sex transition, and she doesn't even stop there. She forces the now-female Mahiro to wear girl clothes, use female bathrooms and onsen, exposes her to awkward bra store encounters despite huge objections. Also has some "secret plan" to ""fix"" her deadbeat sister, which ...
I started watching this for three reasons: 1) it's in a genre I usually enjoy, 2) it is highly rated, 3) it seemed to be more adult-oriented than most anime, leading to expectations of more mature and complex themes and somewhat realistic writing.. . This is the first series I've so far watched where I disagree with the high rating and can't really understand it. This series did not meet my expectations at all, although it is not completely without merits. Animation is better than average and visually there are nice artistic choices from the director throughout. Music is mostly solid and often atypical in a good ...
If you're a fan of the original Trigun, stay away. This "re-imagining" of Trigun misses the mark on so many levels, but if you haven't seen the original, well it's still mediocre at best (so far up to ep 5).. . The enormous issue I have with this rendition of Trigun is that it doesn't get it. They clearly wanted to stay away from the original as much as possible and in doing so completely miss the mark on the main character, Vash. In the original he's a goofy, womanizing, ace gunsman. Thing is, he uses his humor and goofiness as a coping mechanism for his very ...
I love Fate. That's why I don't like 2006 adaptation.. But to be fair, for it's time, when it was the only Stay Night adaptation, it wasn't actually that bad. And even now I have "Kirameku Namida wa Hoshi ni" in my playlist.. That's why I give 5/10 and not less.. This anime was my first Nasuverse experience and despite the fact that many moments from the VN were missed, it interested me, so I kept watching Fate. Then I played the VN, got Artoria's ending and understood how much moments were skipped in anime.. Fate Stay Night 2006 isn't bad.. But now, when there is UBW adaptation, better watch ...
Stupid MC (0/10). Story is pretty normal and predictable.(3/10). Art style average.. Too many flows in characterization(0\10). Worst characterization.(0\10). Graphics are good.. Character didn't react according to situations.. . I don't understand how writers write this type of useless characterization. even 5 years child is more knowledgeable then the MC. If you are a fan of stupid charters then you can watch.. . ...
Don't watch it.. . MC is a idiot. I don't understand how they make this anime. MC got crippled by his brother and got opportunity. even after that his progress worst but every one says he was genius I don't know how this will justify.Without knowing his strength he try to fight with opponents.. Story screenplay was vary bad in serious situations they make ugly comedy.. . I expected at least some average screen play but totally dis-pointed.. If you like stupid MC , Non sync comedy then you can watch it.. . Story was normal its predictable.. Art style was not fitting to story.. ...
Art : 4/10 - not great, not terrible.. The CGI isn t bad but it s still far from a lot of good 3D animations all over the world. It looks like PS3 graphics in general, except some characters who got a little more details. The animation feels slow and heavy, it lacks dynamism, and it is caused by quite low frames per second and the movements are too slow in general. The average viewer won t notice, I believe this only annoys me because I ve worked in animation myself so I can see this kind of little issue. The realization saves this aspect a ...
Little Witch Academia. . . This anime sets a great example for all the others, showing how with an almost unlimited concept, it still manages to waste all its potential and simply create subpar results. On the outside, Little Witch Academia looks like a promising work. Animations, drawing style, colorful depictions you could almost think "This is going to be THIS anime!" but no, it's just a bluff.. . Through this concept you had a limitless reserve of creative actions that could have been accomplished, there are no limitations here. Everything can be as irrational and bizarre as you want. And yet they decided that this anime is simply ...
In terms of history, I can honestly say that in my opinion anime is not boring because something happens every now and then, but disgusting and 18+, so it's not very good in terms of history because otherwise, in my opinion, there is nothing thrilling about this animation.. . The only thing that saves the anime, but it's still not enough is the animation line, however. Insects look like they were added in paint 3D, they are repulsive, the moment itself, even the one with butterflies at the beginning, is repulsive and unnecessary. I mean, why was that butterfly crawling all over its victim's panties? It was ...
It is hard to understand how an anime with a reasonable concept, good character designs and a great voice cast can be this flat, confusing and dull. A group of beautiful girls, each with their own skill, gathers to study under a master spy in order to undertake an impossible mission. From that premise you might expect to see something of each character, their individual personality, strengths and weaknesses as they struggle with the tough training schedule. You might expect to see how this group of strangers slowly come together to form a team. You might to see them learning clever new skills as they ...
I'm truly disappointed by studio bind. From the very first episode, the anime seems to deviate from the manga. The manga presents itself as a comedic slice of life with some wholesome and cute moments in it, sort of like lucky star or dragon maid. However, the biggest problem with this show is the fact that there's blatant and unnecessary fan service. It's uncalled for, and isn't even included in the manga. It's hard to watch the show when every minute theres a shot of mahiro's ass or tits despite there not being any in the manga.. . It feels like that at any scene, the ...
I feel as though my child had been murdered right in front of me. I was behind a glass wall, and couldn't do anything but watch as he died. This anime is an atrocity of man. The UN says there is eleven acts against mankind? I would like to propose a twelfth. This anime takes what was Fate/Zero, an amazing anime that makes you philosophically think, and destroys it. It turned Fate/Zero into a comedy where the characters are crackin' some funny jokes as they are trying to kill each other. This anime is as close as you can get to a Marvel movie for ...
Giant Beasts of Ars tells a tail that is more clawful than clawver; it's a catastrophy that left me (and hopefully mew) catatonic in just 3 episodes with its infurior art, animation, and writing. It's neither Catterbury Tails, nor even a Cat in the Hat. Furget it, pawlease. Furmiliar is its approach to fantasy: a yarn spun of giants furnishing the land of Ars, humans marking their territory where they don't belong, and the hissterical giants using the humans as chew toys. The gods, having awoken from their catnap, grant the humans pawsome pawers, so the conflict can become more than a game of cat ...
If you like Trigun, just don't watch this. It's just not Trigun. The CG is okay, but it's still CG. The animation, however, isn't even close to being the worst thing about this show. The original Trigun was at its heart, a comedy. Sure, there were action sequences and dark themes (especially near the end), but Vash's trademark sense of humor and wild, wacky movements were always the core of Trigun. There is some semblance of that in Stampede, but it still feels utterly soulless. Overall, Vash's unappealing new design, the overly serious and no-nonsense vibe, and the tepid, lifeless, turgid attempts at comedy made ...
This story is a slow one with some dry humor sparingly used as a nice accent. Overall it’s an okay series and consistent pace. The animation is pretty much nothing special, but is still pretty art and color choices. Voices, music, and sfx are similar pleasant. The cast isn’t anything special but they work well with a solid world setting.. . Now, the biggest hurdle this series can never overcome is nuance. There is next-to-no depth given to any scene and, unless you’re already overly familiar and nearly exhausted from this type of genre and its usual tropes, you’ll be left confused. Because everything that’s needed ...
Somehow slow and rushed at the same time. The first half hour tries to establish the new characters, but their motivations are one-dimensional and predictable. There's so much exposition that Rimiru even jokes about there being an info dump on top of another info dump. The villain is super hammy and never conveys much of a threat. His motivations are also contrived and not very clear.. . Once the action starts it's pretty decent. There's a chase scene that looks very good on the big screen and one fight with Diablos that looks good, but most of the fighting is ...
*If you watched the original Trigun (1998)*: Please save yourself the suffering and skip this one. I wish I did. Unfortunately, besides the retention of some characters and setting from the original, it is not only a completely different story, but different in terms of genre, presentation, pacing, characterization, the atmosphere... Pretty much everything, to be honest. So much so that I wonder why they bought the IP instead of making their own original show, because their vision is simply incompatible with what Trigun sought to be.. . *If you did not watch the original*: I strongly recommend you to watch the original instead, it is a ...
In an industry as saturated as anime has gotten, it's a given that not every show can stand out from the heavy hitters, or even stuff that's similar to it. There are shows that stand out for the right reasons, shows that don't quite stand out, and then you have those that stand out for all the wrong reasons. Sadly, the latter is the case for PuraOre: Pride of Orange, an anime that basically tries to combine three things: ice hockey, the everyday slice-of-life adventures of cute girls, and idols, all while failing at not only balancing them out, but executing any of them in ...
This movie couldn't have been more disappointing.. . First things first: blatant false advertisement. The poster and trailer show mecha fighting in a new city that wasn't featured in the series, and it looks awesome. But that footage from the trailer is basically ALL of the new content. Other than that tiny bit, the entire movie is just a summary of the series. Why make the new footage of events that are not part of the movie? Why rely on that new footage for the trailer and poster? The only reason is to attract fans of the series, by tricking them without outright lies, alongside new ...
Usually when I come across an extremely stupid anime I ironically give it a rating of 10. Simply an idiotic masterpiece, often these anime amuse with their stupidity. But in this case I'm not able to do that. The most accurate comment is simply: "Excuse me but what the fuck?" The anime literally contains elements of zoophilia. There are literally almost erotic scenes between the heroines and the dog. The fact that the main character is a boy locked in a dog's body doesn't help at all. Karen has no idea about this and initiates strange behavior with the dog.. . https://preview.redd.it/viewer-reaction-to-my-life-as-inukai-sans-dog-v0-rvr5feva12da1.jpg?auto=webp&s=07e11895878a9bb937ff2ec1cadb1278e3f7ab60 <- Me too, Nekotani, me ...
Gunjou no Magmell is an adventure anime in which a boy and a girl take on assignments related to the island of Magmell, a place isolated from the world where the flora and fauna are very different from normal.. . The first episodes narrate the first missions of the protagonists. As the series progresses, they explain the background of some characters.. . My opinion:. Plot → Typical anime in which each chapter develops a mission, except for some in which they explain the origin of the protagonist. Nothing relevant or interesting happens.. Setting → Nothing to highlight.. Characters → No characters stand out and their backgrounds are nothing special.. . Conclusion: In general, it ...
Excuse me but, what the fu#k?. . <This review needs more information!>. . Was this story unique? Definitely unique, not good unique. Were the characters well-rounded? ( ° ͜ʖ °) yes, very well rounded ( ° ͜ʖ °). Did the characters react to situations and events in a realistic way? definitely realistic reaction, provided they are on some of the finest drugs in the world.. . Few years ago, I watched the movie "The Purge" and I thought "wow, that's America for you". It all makes sense now, they were predicting this, we need to establish it as soon as possible.. ...
A show that feels like it's trying to ride on the tailwind of Spy x Family and The Yakuza’s Guide to Babysitting, but captures neither the enjoyability of either show.. . To sum things up, Miri is just plain annoying without redeeming qualities, and the two dad are just plain incompetent.. . Spy x Family is great, because while Anya can be incompetent at times (which is actually presented in a humorous way), she actually also does help out and does understand her place within the mission; by providing opportunities. In this sense she is even more of a spy than Loid, because not even he knows of her ...
There has to be a low bar, a threshold that can be reached, a floor that we can descend to so we can finally say “we’ve reached rock bottom. This is it.” And from that point on, everything can finally improve. It’s a race- how fast and who can be first to plummet this far??. This anime right here is making its absolute best effort to get there with the isekai genre. What is this blank slate isekai protagonist’s name? Dunno- might as well read the description. Always a great sign right there when having to turn to the description to be told something rather ...
I normally don't use this website to write any reviews (this is pretty much the first and maybe the only review I'll ever make), and I'm not a professional critic. However, I just felt like writing this, because Jesus Christ... I've never watched anything like this.. . As a person who tries to stay open-minded, I try to watch as many different kinds of anime as I can. But being somebody who's only been watching anime consistently for a few years, Ecchi isn't a genre I've really dived into that much. Because of that, I decided to watch this, thinking it would just be a raunchy show ...
Have you ever wondered what it’d be like if you turned into a dog? How about if you were a dog and owned by a girl who LOVES her pets… a little too much? Here is your answer.. . My Life as Inukai-san's Dog is an utter disaster. It is ugly, creepy, and downright painful to sit through. The jokes are weak, the plot is nonexistent, and the animation is bland and uninspired. Even for a 12-minute per episode ecchi it's awful. The characters are one-dimensional stereotypes, and each of them is unlikable. The first three episodes are filled with pandering, grotesque fetishes, contrivances, and cringeworthy ...
𝐈 𝐝𝐨𝐧𝐭 𝐤𝐧𝐨𝐰 𝐰𝐡𝐚𝐭 𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐲 𝐰𝐞𝐫𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐢𝐧𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐰𝐡𝐞𝐧 𝐦𝐚𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐭𝐡𝐢𝐬 𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐦𝐞.. . So from all that i gathered from the story so far, its about Pochita a guy who dies and turns into a dog. By the grace of the gods this boy or dog now was adopted by his highschool crush Inukai. The episodes of this series aren't that long, at least studio Quad save you the agony of sitting there and watching 22 mins of hot garbage. Even though 11 mins is still a nightmare to sit through. The characters are as blend as you expect them to be. Pochita is a horny guy inside ...
Sugar Apple Slavery Tale purposefully presents an idiotic female protagonist to absolve her of deplorable actions, primarily: Buying a slave. The plot is an excuse for a romance between an edgy bishounen fairy and the self-insert lead. However, Sugar Apple possesses a lot of self-awareness. The show makes an effort to frame slavery as an evil act, and that our heroine is only doing this because she absolutely must—that she definitely wants to treat him well and free him (eventually). Her artificially good natured personality feels like an act, and her moe character design seems engineered to manipulate your expectations. She’s not a bad person, ...
Well, how to begin the critique of this ONA. To save something of this, it is proper to say that I've seen worse. The animation, to be honest, is not the best and even more so for the year it was made. There are shots that make no sense and the script, please, the script is understood quite little. Personally, I enjoy many anime created under this format. Something that I like to analyze is its soundtrack with which I believe it is done perfectly with the little that is understood of the script. Unfortunately, it is the only thing that is worth highlighting of ...
INSUFFERABLE!!. . Bottom line: Nyanko-sensei gets lost and ends up babysitting 2 kids... 2 unbearable kids.. . Those 2 kids are the worst characters they could have created in the series. It lacks everything characteristic of Natsume (series), such that it doesn't even leave a teaching at the end. The usual characters appear very momentarily, as does the soundtrack. The episode is like a badly told fable.. . As I understood, the OVA is original to the anime, so the original author is not 100% to blame. I am aware that it is a single episode OVA, but the quality is poor even for that. The most salvageable thing is the ...
Every time you hear the word horror near anime or manga, it's closely followed by someone ranting about how great Junju Ito is. If this is the calibre of his work then I REALLY don't know where that's coming from.. . The short horror stories range from the outright weird like an invasion of giant balloon heads that want to hang people to the utterly mundane, by which I mean 10 minutes straight of "this guys brother is irritating" with absolutely zero plot nor payoff.. . The writing is inconsistent. In one episode the explanation for the event would be summarised by a shrug, because there was no rhyme ...
All you need to know is you won't get what you what want here. The mangaka is stringing people along.. . The first cour was a light-hearted slice of life with romcom elements. This second cour, on the other hand, is a straight-up romcom that pretends like it's going to pay off its buildup and foreshadowing. While the ride was enjoyable, it never does.. . Imagine hiring a contractor you pay by the hour who shingles half your roof, and then disassembles his work as he's about to finish. That's what series like this are. It invalidates anything else good about the work, no matter how nicely he shingled ...
By far one of the worst isekai I have ever seen.. MC is generic,boring and OP.Everyone overreacts SO MUCH that it reminds me of series released 50 years ago,yes no kidding.. Waifus are just cliches with personality,if we add the allmost null mc personality we get a really boring set.. Art is mediocre at best,sometimes all you see is static images moving here and there.. . In general this feels generic,cheap and souless to the point that it makes me feel nothing no matter what it shows or how epic it is supose to be,and that is the worst feeling an isekai can do to an iseka¡'s fan.
What if we take Junji Ito. a notoriously terrible writer and take away everything he does well like detail and atmosphere? Well you end up with this steaming turd of an anime. You can legit look up any of these stories online, read them in a few minutes and appreciate it 100x more. Nothing of substance is added here, the shot composition is dreadful, every corner is cut as far as animation goes. The art itself is just uninspired and poorly detailed. It's faithful to the horrendous writing featured in Ito's shorts but without compensating for a thing. Voice acting, score? Something?! Merely adapting paper ...
You might think some stories has some depth in them. THEY DON'T. Not a single story has depth or a moral lesson or pretty much anything. This show is purely for scary,creepy aesthetic purposes. I don't mind the animation. I mind the plot. If you are going to watch this don't expect anything 'smart' or well written. Overall its just some creepy animations. You can propably scare your 9-10 yo cousin but even that is debetable.. . Some people are criticising the animation but in my opinion that's the last thing you need to worry about. Some other guy suggested that you should 'read the manga'. ...
This anime is a spinoff of the original as the story focuses on the Loki Familia during the first season of Danmachi. They were in a middle of dungeon exploration until an evil organization Evilus came back to reek havoc on both adventurers and the city or Orario. Amidst the chaos, Information regarding Ais Walestine was brought back to her Familia's attention and they would investigate on the matter. Meanwhile, Ais encountered the main character of the original anime Bell and saves him. She would later develop emotions as a result of the encounter. Good concept to explore Ais' character but poorly executed.. . The relation between ...
I just don't get why this anime is one of the most popular and loved ones of all time. I'll give my objective opinion.. . The thing that I like most about One Piece is just the atmosphere: the adventure of pirates sailing over the sea with a bunch of companions from different backgrounds. It's so dreamlike. It's anyone's dream. For the first few episodes (probably around 300 episodes or so), the anime successfully depicted and highlighted this kind of atmosphere: Luffy would travel from island to island, fighting against enemies, and recruiting a new colleague along the way. Eventually, the team grows in number and they ...
Do yourself a favor and just check out Ito’s manga. This adaptation is done by much of the same staff as the abysmal Junji Ito Collection and comes with all of the same problems. Everything feels so flat, bland, and careless that I could barely force myself to finish it. All of the detail and dread from the manga is gone, and we’re left with a subpar mess of an adaptation again. Feels like a cheap cash grab at best.. . The shoddy animation undermines a lot of the payoff scenes, and the lack of detail is all the more noticeable when compared to the source ...
The MC is an all powerfull secret super weapon, sent to a magical high school to find some kind of spy, he uses unconventional magic method to make his way to his objective. . --> The generic all powerfull main protagonist is a souless and expressionless husk, he can do and solve anything and everything by its own, the people around him feels just like stupid shallowed husks, that cant properly manage to do anyhting without a hand of the MC.. . --> The artstyle is cheap and lazy, lacking any kind of detail or depth. The animation is poorly made, the fights lack any kindo of sense of ...
Well, this anime is a disappointment.... . Seeing the previews made me think that this show was going about proper spy work, teamwork and nice gimmicks. Character designs and animation look decent and the cast seemed to be fun (though are architecture of clichés).. . All of it to be thrown away by the pacing. It is so bad. All the previous mentioned points were not mentioned in the anime at all and the plot was racing at mach speed. The past 3 episodes were like this:. . Episode 1 was introduction of the cast (normal) to solely focusing on 1 character (why?). Episode 2 was basic training (ok) to ...
An Anime that has nothing to offer either Horror fans, or Junji Ito fans.. . As of writing, I've only been able to stomach two episodes of this show, with no further desire to continue it- beyond the morbid curiosity as to how bad the rest of the episodes truly are. I will try my best to give spoiler-free impressions on what I forced myself to witness down below.... . . Whilst most likely not a representation of the show as a whole, the first episode "The Strange Hikizuri Siblings" is a text-book example of how to turn away your viewers in an instant.. . This episode is based around a ...
A disappointing conclusion to a great anime.. . After watching the excellent Season 2 late last year, I was really looking forward to Mob Psycho 3 but decided to hold off on it due to the change in voice actors which I found quite jarring. Now that I've finally gotten around to watching it I'm honestly pretty disappointed. This season for me was a mess, with terrible pacing, episodes that feel completely out of place, storylines that don't really go anywhere or relate to an overarching plot. It just feels very messy to me.. . I started to get hooked towards the middle of the season as Mob finds ...
Honestly. Do not get the point of this show.. . We come off, with it looking like some generic dating sim, with how they did character introductions to the show, as if they did that on purpose, in order to tell you, who they are, but also with how it was handled, make you think that the MC can go in this path, or that path, depending on choices.. . Story and characters: 4. It's sad to see something seem promising, but come off as a generic, and not appealing mess. It doesn't help at all, that it's trying to be random, to the point it feels try harding. ...
Black Bullet fails to retain the momentum from the beginning of the series to the end. The first three episodes are pretty well done, giving characters time to breathe and establish themselves. This however does not last. By the end of the series characters are pushed on the viewer so quickly it is difficult to even remember their names before they bite the bullet. The overall animation is pretty average and the cgi is not awful. The plot is not particularly deep or interesting. With the source of this anime never being completed there is little reason to invest ...
I truly cannot fathom the popularity of this show, I sat through all the episodes and I still don't understand anything about what is going on. Whenever a plot point is brought up next to nothing is explained about it.. . Maybe I could've forgiven the mysterious plot if the first half of the show wasn't just so repetitive and boring, not once did I find myself cheering on Shinji, Rey and especially not Asuka, they just weren't compelling enough for me to care about them. I've seen a lot of posts about people explaining that due to their severe depression it made them like the show ...
It's boring to the point of irritating. Wasted potential.. As everyone else has already mentioned there isn't much plot, so it's character driven. But the characters are so f-ing unbelievable and stupid, just stereotypical dummies. I'm not going to touch on pedophilia issue, cause who cares, it's fiction. Sexualization of the vampire girl would be fine, if it reflected what she looks like for MC (sadly, it doesn't. upd: until the last episode lmao).. The vampire girl is more or less fine, imho. She is not a good person, not smo to relate to, but her immaturity is explainable: imagine, a not so clever teenage girl ...
This review is based my experience reading manga and watching anime. Remember its 100% my opinion so who care right?. . Oh wow new isekai anime?, Bro can u even read genre?, whats wrong?, its fantasy, No no no i feel like this isekai, stop it get some help, No you get some help, Me?, No you, Yu?, Ok enough its fantasy okay no debate allow after that.. . Lets be real then,. Lets talk about story, Story itself is about 4 adventurer who get betrayed by them close friend decide to not believe in human again after that accident. Pretty weird right? but interesting. The mc himself is sad ...
I’m just going to say that this is just BL trash, straight and to the point. The art is fine, music is nothing special, and the story is basically nonsense. So why would I consider it fine? Well because for 9 minutes you get ridiculous dialogue and outlandish forbidden techniques to add a little salt to an already weird show. The voice acting also adds some nice spice to the overall BL caricature that is this show. Hate it if you want to, but for me it was a pretty fun watch for the time spent.. . This review needs more information! So Ill put ...
The manga's really good, but I can't reccommend this adaptation to anyone. The animation's box standard wit notin special to write about, but most insultingly, the anime completely rushes past establishing the premise which made the manga great.. . These are supposed to be scarred characters wit trust issues, who by establishing and maintaining firm boundaries figure out how to trust each other: and the catharis coming from trust being shown will only happen if you properly establish the complete absense of trust to start, which the anime just fails to do. It's rushing past the establishing the premise to get to the 'good stuff' not understanding ...
This series was something that as I returned to just because of the nostalgia bit. Told myself I would watch the finale, the same way I swore in grade school I would watch Naruto, Bleach, One Piece to the very end. (Of course, that doesn't imply any obligation towards movies, spin-offs, legacies and so on.) What could I say, other than the fact that I enjoyed one or two battles and reunions, there isn't much of that nostalgia brought back in here. The show oscillates between couple fillers, couple interesting episodes, but this gamble actually killed some expected interactions, some reunions got lost in the ...
theme of the show: Morally questionable couple dynamics. . . The childhood friend couple has a very concerning dynamic of the seme's tendency for blackmailing and gas lighting.......... yeah what the hell and the teacher student couple is just outright inappropriate to begin with.. . highly not recommended. watch better BL shows.. I know BL anime is rare and far in between but we deserve better.. . The only positive aspect of the show is that there's a character that comments on how gross the relationship between the ADULT TEACHER and the MINOR STUDENT. I really like him -- he's a rad dude.. . I also like the fact that ...
This show is had some very strong points in the first half, but then it just went downhill and got lost up its own butt. It looks like it was meant to end in episode 12. Its the second half where everything falls apart. I will try to do this without a wall of text. So I will just mention some things about it that are impossible to ignore. First things first, Inori is an awful character. Are we supposed to like her because she has pink hair? She has no personality, she mumbles and never shows any spark or smile. Not even one scream ...
Whether you enjoy it or not isn't what I'd like to say here:. . I just found it really boring just like the anime.. The visuals are absolutely amazing just like the series, but as a whole, it falls short in grabbing your attention just like in the anime.. I won't disregard the story in either the anime or the movie to which this review falls on, but it's just so slow and so boring. It's a feels show I understand that, but flexing beautiful frames long past it's due date isn't great for roping in a watcher.. . I think modern anime has destroyed my anime attention span I will ...
tl;dr Cliche anime, if you want to turn off your brain and look at pretty gurls sure. However, if you have an ounce of brain cells left you will want to stop watching about 5min in.. . . . . . For an Anime that calls itself ""My Youth Romantic Comedy Is Wrong, as I Expected" I certainly lives up to all expectations. There is 0 Romance, 0 Comedy and nothing of value. Each and every character is poorly written and extremely boring. The so called ""Plot"" of this anime is non-existent, and is virtually a circle jerk with no end. It can be considered shallow at best and even ...
For me this anime was not good. None of the characters are of much significance, and the battles seem insignificant even thought they are the main focus. The begging of the show give us little backstory as to why the Gods want to rid the universe of humans, it just gets right into the verdict. As to the backstory we do get is always 80% of the episode and is about a super insignificant character who is about to die anyways. The only part I REALLY loved about this anime was when it was introducing the characters. I felt as they were put together, and ...
A girl and her humanoid robot friend escape an orphanage to travel to the bottom of the deep abyss in order to find the girl's mother. This world is very imaginative and the soundtrack is great.. . However, as this rating shows, there are some critical flaws in this animation. One of the characters whom our heroes meet in the abyss is a foul lady. Watching the way she trains our heroes is very uncomfortable. The worst part of these 13 episodes is the part where someone's arm gets cut off by smashing the humerus bone with a large rock.. . If the series was about the adventures ...
it had all the ingrediants for a good show for me . good anime , no 3d cgi , talk about time travel . and yet i didnt like it... dont really know why , i juste didnt had the wish to know what happend .. . chara design is okay , true there is time travel etc but in the end the only thing happening is kids gang fighting ... ugh so boring .. i wouldnt recommand to watch it to anybody who like isekai or sci-fi or supernatural kind of animes . it's more a slice of life if a semi hard life true with ...
I very much wanted to give this a better score than I did because of my love for the original game, But god. The fact this show was a 13-episode adaption of a 25-30 hour long visual novel, it was doomed to fail.. . The pacing is what absolutely ruins this show. Many of the twists and reveals are ruined by the fact that the show flies by every single event in the game. The charm of the Danganronpa franchise is the slow burn and reveal of the mysteries that surround the story. Here you get none of that. They fly through the investigation in which ...
If you take the concept of the wrongged hero, make it 4, make it completely shallow, rush any introduction and skipping any kind of development, then you get this show. It can be summed into. . --> Being all over the place, lost and without any clear objectives to aim for. --> Being poorly paced, feeling rushed, with a very unatural plot progression. --> Lacking any kind of proper build up or introduction to the world, the characters and their problems. --> The character's interactions with each other feeling completely forced and without any real chemistry. --> Their personalities being lacklusting and anoying, none of them looking charismatic. --> Almost nothing happening. . Completely ...
It's basically a harem anime disguised as an overpowered main character story. It hits so many boring tropes, like characters shouting out the names of spells or techniques in the middle of battles, and mixes that with 2 dimensional characters, or at least characters who seemingly have an interesting background but immediately become 2 dimensional. This is especially true of the female characters. For example, you have powerful fighters who are immensely skilled martial artists, which takes strong will and mental toughness to achieve. Yet not long after meeting the main character they're reduced to mewling automatons quivering at the mere thought of being close ...
Am not against isekai. If done right it's an entertaining idea which will hardly ever get old simply because people like escapism. This show however is not done right. Not only as isekai but as anime also. By now it's common and expected for main character to become powerful, if not too powerful, because they get a second chance and some cheat feature. That's all fine. What is not fine is not showing him in weak form and very next shot he's donning a new gear and kicking serious ass and we are suppose to believe a week has passed. Right!. . After this transition happens someone ...
Tenkuu Shinpan. High-Rise Invasion. . . It's finally done, these 12 episodes have taken more on me than just complete concentration and massive brain damage, so I hope this doesn't affect my review. High-Rise Invasion is without a doubt a record for one of the worst anime out there. And is therefore yet another proof that there are no quality controls in anime production.. . Just imagine that this anime is a combination of a hentai, a trash movie, the worst comedy there is, and an Indian action flick. This is how I would describe it and I still can't shake the feeling that it was supposed to be a ...
It's ridiculous how cliche a show can be. The good boy main kid, power up, doing school training, somehow got a good teacher..Is it possible for a story to be more generic and cliche?. . Not even mentioning the cartoon vibe that I find childish. I wonder is there anyone who's at least middle schooler's age actually enjoying the show? Feels like the target viewer for the show might be 5-9 year olds.. . I'll still give an average score cause the studio still worked hard on animation stuff, etc. But other than that it's crap except for 8 year olds.. . Animation: 8/10. . Music: 7/10. . ...
It's a series written to be written with no depth or meaning, chars pasts are just writtin without meaning that the writer only think of "i am only adding tragedy and nothing else", while its working and plot was already crap this series doesnt even have an aim, the only goal in the series is "random human beings who have traumas is having some fetishes on kids". On the subject of psychology, I wouldn't like it even if it was the first psychology production I watched, you can't even connect with the characters unless you are a pedophile, in short, if you are not a ...
First I would like to offer my sincerest condolences to the poor voice actors that had to take their job seriously and deliver episode after episode of cringe cliche garbage dialog. I'm sure that part of their soul has died as a result. How in the f does trash like this get dubbed while so many good shows do not. I will be the first to admit that I enjoy me some op main character wrecking everything and anyone that gets in his way but this show is everything that is wrong with these types of anime all in one. First ...
I am a fan of horror movies, ero-guro, weird and obscure genre's, and while this movie certainly hits the nail on the head.. it honestly feels like more of an outlet vent piece for Hamada. And I do relate. I do. His art is great, his passion, and he's worked even on Square Enix stuff. But this feels more of some outlet of trauma and for shock value, and I think it's personally overhyped for some great ero-guru "anime". It's not censored, and the detail in the animation is great work I won't deny that!. Re-watch value? Zero. I agree with the stance to ban it ...
Wonder Egg Priority is a self-defacing, indecisive, insensitive, and genuinely insulting car wreck of a story seemingly only able to commit to the author’s insistence that young women definitely always kill themselves because they want to fuck older men. While often stated to be an example of a “strong start, weak ending,” this always feels highly disingenuous. While the opening act is carried by the mesmerizing forward momentum of the flash-and-fire a talented director and hardworking animation team brought to it, their devotion could only carry a horrific script so far. Beneath the facade of a sophisticated art anime lies a blatant continuation of Nojima’s ...
First of all we need to find the definition of garbage. Luckily you have no need for searching the definition of garbage. Cause you have come to the right place. Yes!! The every fiver of this show is garbage.. Plot: Now I will talk about the plot. Oops!! there's no plot cause garbage show can't contain a proper plot. If you have no need for plot, then this show for you. By watching this anime you will gain the seventh sense, which is nonsense.. Character: The main character is total trash from head to toe. He behaves like trash and geh!! Don't know, why bunch of ...
This is what I image show written by a thirteen year old entering puberty would look like. Humor is at that level. Emotional intelligence is at that level. Everything is at that level. But every opportunity is taken to make main character look cool or to make story look serious only to be followed by the stupidest action imaginable.. . Art style is at times as equally bad. Some animation during actions scenes literally cause me to laugh out loud. During this action show will frequently try to be funny and insert some more fan service by showing tits or short skirts. And cycle repeats. Story (so ...
Save yourself some time and don't watch this.. . I've never seen a more delusional fantasy written by someone who probably lives on a basement and is a social outcast who has never interacted with men or women that are not fujoshis, not to mention consent is probably something this person doesn't know about either given they seem obsessed with yaoi and yuri to an extent i guess.. . The only pasable characters in this whole anime are Senpai and maybe Igurashi.. Expect a lot of fetichizing gays and dub/non con/sexual harrasment.. . The character development (when there is any) is terrible, i don't think i really got to like most ...
The very first episode is a rape scene, a guy who is sent to the game and say's "this is reality" while doing the dumbest things possible and at the same time acting weak despite knowing how strong he is. I know this is a rip off from Overlord but the author didn't try to at least take notes from the good aspects from that novel. All we got here is a dumbed version of Ains Own Goal. The forced rape scenes we always see here are very unnecessary either, the main character will have to wait and let them get violated before moving ...
Here, its quality escalation since the first season is notorious, but still not enough to make me care about the story. I often found myself disconnected from the anime precisely because I was already fed up with this whole edgelord plot by Ayanokoji. Here we had at least some character resolutions and some other advances, which we didn't have in the first season.. It is still very weak and uninteresting in my view but at least, as I said, the story showed evolution (because there wasn't much to get worse).. I found it strange that the theme of 'school life based on points' was left out and ...
Imagine a series build on bad puns. Not even puns so bad it’s funny, but uninspired, almost randomly assigned puns. That’s Time Bokan 24.. . Each episode has our protagonist traveling back in time to discover that certain events in history happened in a different way than recorded. Like Cleopatra being a comedy duo Cleo Patra, Seaton’s Animal Chronicle being Seaton’s Donuts Chronicle, Galileo Galilei being a rapper working as a construction worker tilting the Tower of Pisa or Pythagora working on a restaurant menu instead of a theorem. Those are the puns. Where are the puns you might ask? Well, half of the ...
I usually choose anime I watch based off the ratings. This one's rating really pulled one over on me and for the life of me, I cannot fathom why it has a rating over 7.. . Unless people like watching anime with no plot, cohesion or any need to think about anything except which is happening in the current episode. Dropped it after episode 6.. . I won't be going into detail about individual aspects and will only say that after 6 episodes, I still don't get what this is supposed to be about and have no interest in wasting any more time on this nonsense. Others may ...
Full of the most ridiculous twists I've ever seen and towards the ending just starts to feel like a parody. I could say there was potential with the story, but no, the author clearly cannot write a mystery without relying on complete asspulls. It's a shame because some of the characters, especially the main character, were likeable.. . Soundtrack isn't anything too memorable and doesn't really stand out in any scenes. It serves its purpose and isn't annoying. The second opening is a banger though.. . Artstyle looks good but starts to degrade in quality very quickly with worse image and disfigured faces. Every monster and spell is also ...
(Contains minor spoilers for seasons 1 and 2 but not 3). The Overlord anime presents a protagonist with dubious objectives, confusing character, and half-baked sociopathy. Characters who have no concern for ethics in their quests for a clear objective can be very enjoyable to watch when written well, as exemplified by works like Death Note. The Overlord protagonist, in contrast, lacks both a clear objective and the resolve commonly possessed by such characters to achieve said objective. After being transported to a different world, Ainz's main goal shifts randomly between "being someone fit for his position", "spread his name so former friends can easily find him", ...
All around terrible.. . The setting had some promising aspects. However, it was ruined by terrible characterizations and overuse of cliches. It ended up being flat, boring and trashy.. . Let's start with the characterizations. We have a Mary-Sue protagonist who everybody 'loves' for no damn reason. She's boring, she's flat. Her defining characteristic is loving to read books, which plays little to no role in furthering the plot. Oh, wait it does. Only, it is shown in the most boring and least impactful way. I believe that in order to make character traits more believable, the writer should strive to show, not tell. The writer of this show ...
I don´t know much english, sorry.. . Denji is a teenager who lives with a chainsaw demon named Pochita. Due to the debt left behind by his father, he has been living a life on the rocks as he pays off his debt by collecting demon corpses with Pochita. One day, Denji is betrayed and killed. As his consciousness fades, he makes a contract with Pochita and revives as "Chainsaw Man", a man with a devil's heart. (SOURCE, ANIMEFLV). Denji is a demon hunter, but there came a day where he practically had to choose between life and death, since he knew things about the demon hunter agency.. He ...
Yojitsu is the pure juice of how offensive anime can be to the viewer.. . Yojitsu, by proposal, does not cause any major fuss. If someone buys the anime, it's definitely for the synopsis. Its first two minutes are offensive. They are pedantic. And it only serves to crush your faith that this anime can be good. From the first episode, however weak it is, the cliffhanger holds you and causes you a certain curiosity of "how will the characters get out of a situation like this now?" (no matter how obvious the situation was). And speaking of characters, what an extremely poor story of characters, mostly ...
This show literally was just one scene away from being great. One scene completely ruins it and changes what could have been a pure and responsible relationship into an unforgivable mistake.. Love can have many forms and meanings for different people, so maybe many will disagree with me. I think even between siblings, it is completely ok to say openly that you love each other, to hug and be physically close. It is not common, but it is not necessarily bad. Physical touch can be comforting and calming. It doesn't need to cross into lust or pleasure. There may even be cases where it's ok if ...
I don't know why this even exist, I had to google search this up because I couldn't believe for a second, something like this exists the animation of this entire "anime" music video is really repulsive and horrifying, the "animation" is that of a B rated offshore knockoff.. . It would be so painstakingly to imagine what they'd do if "WAP" was made into an abomination like this animation.. . The song in it self doesn't really go well with it's raunchy visuals, I'm sure if Cardi B were to see this, "WAP" would have a whole new meaning.. . I'm very surprised that this video hasn't been picking any traction ...
I will keep it short and straightforward. It starts off with a pretty standard and ok premise which made me actually go on to continue to watch this show. BUT, later on, it becomes an absolute clusterf*ck. What I think is the biggest problem is that the show tries to make some game of thrones intrigue plays which doesn't work at all. The characters make some overcomplicated plots just for the sake of the "aha I knew it all" moment which doesn't make any sense whatsoever.. Additionally, I have to say that worldbuilding is not only purely lacking but not present at all.. . Maybe if the ...
This anime had a lot of potential to be a solid 6 or 7 out of 10. The story was alright as long as you don’t think about it too hard and the animation and soundtrack are pretty great. It’s honestly a passable watch until the last two episodes. The ending left me completely unsatisfied and honestly shocked at how terrible it was. Most of the conflicts were unresolved and the big sacrifice at the end was completely undone in what might be the worst case of Deus Ex Machina I’ve ever witnessed.. . To summarize, it’s a 4.5 hour mobile game ad that’s just as ...
In short, painfully average and shallow. It's basically cheap entertainment that is predictable and dull most of the time. Main character is definition of impotent harem owner who while being omnipotent is at the same best person ever born and doesn't abuse his powers. In fact initial few episodes might lead you to believe he is capable of so much more but the reality is he never uses any of the skills. Frustrating to say the least. All the other characters are too busy of oooing and aaaahing at MC to have any character of their own. They are given some shallow stories but basically ...
TLDR: started with a premise full of potential, ended with a whimper.. . I really tried with this one. I did. By the last 3 episodes I was just waiting for it to be over. The writing was terrible. I watched the dub so depending on how the dialogue was adapted the sub experience may be different, but I doubt it will make it a much better show. If you are considering watching this anime, give it the 3 episode test and if you are unsure about proceeding, stop there. It will not get better, only worse.. . The show has possible art and animation. Do not expect ...
This was so fundamentally horrible that I just couldn't resist writing a review to recommend people not to watch it. I usually just write reviews for novels as far more time is dedicated to read through a novel and you truly get to get immersed in everything the story has to offer compared to the short-lived and often disappointing format of anime adaptations.. . This is... really, it's almost infuriatingly bad, yet you're left feeling more melancholic about how this garbage had resources wasted on it instead.. . The music is crap. The setting is badly executed. The characters can't make you give a single f*ck, not even ...
I just want to say i have this rule where if i start something, i finish it to the end. And man do i wish i didnt have this rule after i decided to watch this show, and believe me i wanted to break this rule so bad. The only reason i decide to watch this was because of the two people who recommended it in this site. Show had 3 problems for me:. . 1st problem) English subs were horrible. I dont know if translation groups translated it wrong but it seemed like all the characters were talking in idioms per every sentences. Which just ...
I didn't particularly enjoy Redo of Healer for a variety of reasons, but I'll do my best to keep this review short.. . I can't recommend the series, not because of the gore, rape and other dark themes, but because it's plain boring. I didn't find the story to be engaging or special. And that's fine in some cases - good characters and interesting dynamics can save a series that has a weak or cliché plot.. . Unfortunately, Redo of Healer wasn't saved by anything like that. The characters are one-dimensional cardboard cutouts. Their interactions with each other and the main character fall flat. I don't mind the protagonist ...
Would be a great series if not for that annoying ugly delinquent charao mc. Always want to punch the screen everytime that dumb prick appeared or opened his mouth. Always rooting for the villains to kill him or make him suffer. Really can't stand that jerk ugh. This is always the case with delinquent & charao type dudes in any anime & games. They're always annoying, ugly, & unlikeable. Absolute worst male mc ever of all shounen animes that I've ever seen with no redeeming quality whatsoever. Everyone else was fun & likeable like Makima, Power, Aki, Himeno, even Kobeni was still bearable. The OST ...
This review is only about the anime since I haven't read the manga.. . The events begin in an apartment in Tokyo. A group of people who don't know each other(mostly) find themselves in an apartment with locked doors and windows one evening, and as you can imagine, they have no idea how they got there. Apart from a group of confused people, there is one more important thing in the room: a giant black orb that is called Gantz. Apparently, Gantz has lots of information about the people in the room but it refuses to give information about what is going on and instead, it gives ...
TLDR: This is a generic and boring Isekai with annoying characters.. . This anime is so bad, Truck-kun couldn't be bothered and left the MC to work himself to death because the MC's little sister died. Boo-hoo. The MC was already a master in medicine and now, gets injected into so noble family's kid. Sucks to be the kid since his body got stolen. Other than now being rich, the MC has all his past life knowledge, gets amped with divine powers and solved the kingdom's problem, with cheap medicine in his drug store. God, I feel dumber from watching this. I would say this was meant ...
This is not a review, mainly a short brief as to why this isn't the a gundam show you want to watch.. . Basically Gundam is a war story that attracts you by using giant robots instead of conventional warfare. but This doesn't mean all gundam shows have to be about the same thing, each version of the franchise brings their own flavor to the table and allows for different perspectives and topics to handle.. For example:. If you want a war between 2 sides, anything UC will suffice. Do you want war but nothing too long winded and straight to the point, watch Wing or 00. Do you want ...
This anime is a disappointment for viewers who think critically.. . It revolves around riddles. But we, as the viewers, never have any chance to participate in the riddles or solve them ourselves. There aren't any cues visible to the audience and we don't know enough about the world. We're completely left out.. . So we're watching allegedly smart main characters solve riddles with information we don't have. The solutions are far-fetched and we keep hearing how smart the main characters are. But since we can't participate, we have no way of verifying ourselves that the main characters are smart. And we ultimately don't care about the riddle's solutions ...
The color design is so dogshit. The attempts to make the lighting and coloring realistic may work on other shows but in Bleach it doesn't. The old charm and colorful vibrant design of Bleach is lost and so is the style. The style was the strong point of Bleach and if that is lost then people will just see it as a generic shonen which it is currently. The color design in the 2021 reveal trailer was perfect. Too bad they changed it to something so dogshit.. . Also, the writing is abhorrent. They promised to add more things but the added content (which is barely anything) ...
Please don't judge me, I was watching this at 2x speed while grinding FGO. I didn't actually think by the end I would get invested and enjoy it, yet here we are.. . TL;Dr 3/10: Fan service, Big Bodacious Bouncy Babes Battling it out in a Battle Royale to be Queen. The only thing I saw of merit was the MC Leina's development towards the very end, but that's basically it. There is a mountain of things here that could be explored but isn't cuz the show is simply Silly Huge Badonkers fighting one another.. . Artistic and Fun: 1/2. 0 Artistic merit, I mean what do you expect ...
This show is depressing to watch.. . It revolves around two sisters living by themselves together, but the older (adult) one keeps spending all of the money on manga, so the younger and more responsible one (in elementary school) is always upset. While the elder sister isn't necessarily malicous, she's so irresponsible that she's very hard to feel positively about, even if it's played off as a joke. This is pretty much the entire show, and it just gets repeated over and over.. . I'm not sure how (or even if) this was supposed to be funny, because it was just sad to watch. It's kinda painful, because you ...
I after seeing so much gundam, this new series has disappointed me, it has lost the essence, the epic fights, the persecution, the class struggle, to fight for their own or family, of beliefs, of overcoming, of a better future, all that remained to a second plane and even disappears in part of the history, to advance with a prota that even in chapter 6 does NOT know neither who is, nor the power of his machine, practically a fool that fights well.. . They try to mix a bit of ideologies, but without doing it, Miorine is but only for appearances and is not, Miorine has ...
The anime is cute, with a cute anime kid and his cute anime girlfriend. The cute anime kid has a lot of slimes and gets praised by everyone constantly. He can do nothing wrong. He knows better than the adults how to do literally everything. He does not change. No one around him changes. This anime is, in a word, *boring*.. . Kami-tachi ni Hirowareta Otoko might be an anime that you enjoy if you're 8. Otherwise? You'd be better off watching a different, more interesting isekai, like "I'm the villainess so I'm taming the final boss." Heck, even Beast Tamer was better than this and I ...
Well, this was terrible. Absolutely terrible.. . The anime is a romance anime apparently but my word the relationship building is embarrassingly poor, these characters have no actual reason to like each other and the attraction was started by what can only be called sexual assault...just awful, a heartless relationship with zero proper development except some weak attempts at emotional scenes which all fall flat because of the hollow nature of the relationship.. . The characters are terrible, the side characters especially are so poorly written and poorly related to the plot, they have basically no purpose. The main characters are just annoyingly stupid and poor at communication ...
I'll be keeping this (somewhat) short and simple:. . This is an anime filled with characters that have either gone completely insane or get brainwashed. That much I expected and I hoped for a dark, gritty story.. I had heard the extremely... mixed reception of this series and just hoped it would be because of over-the-top acts of insanity and cruelness. But those didn't even appear, unless you count a teenager writing down the worst atrocities they can think of and them reading them out in a monotone script as such. Because that's the level of plot we're dealing with.. . What I got was to watch multiple psychotic ...
It's a story about Empathetic herbivore Chuuni MC that tries too hard to be mob characters, it's so bland, not exactly interesting tropes thus making it overused and boring real fast, kinda ironic considering the genre they made a mockery of, they have a good jokes, good animation works, but the downside really just overshadowed all the good part of this anime, alot of missing background story/development, luck laster voice acting, and the afterthought fan service.. why even bother at this point? either stay puritan like most English Localizers/Morale police wants it or go full ham and dgaf like splitting their enemy NPC's body in ...
In my opinion, no, actually as a matter of fact, the biggest strength of Gintama has always been the comedy. However, this season explores serious themes and seeks to finally end the anime and tie all loose ends. And it's the absolute worst. Though somehow Gintama the semi-final and final manage to be even worse.. . First of all, since this is primarily a comedy anime let's talk about it. Well, it has been subpar at the very best. Most of the comedy is just a rip-off of previous seasons (Jet Armstrong Cannon, etc). The fights were boring as fuck because there wasn't any real emotion ...
This review is purely from an anime only watcher's viewpoint.. . First, I'm going to say that I mostly rate anime based on the enjoyment value, and everything else comes far in the second place. Slow, moody, and dialogue heavy shows like these are not usually my thing, and because of that I judge them harshly. If you have a more of a critical/analytical eye to entertainment, take everything I say with a grain of salt.. . If I described this anime in one color, it would be "gray". In addition to the art's murky color scheme and the overall somber mood of the anime itself, the characters just ...
Radically different from the first season of this anime, the second season of Dagashi Kashi seems to abandon what made the first season shine - the information about dagashi. They do provide some small nuggets in most episodes, but they take a secondary place behind an ill-made attempt at turning this anime into a slice of life story when there's really nothing interesting going on.. . More importantly, with only five characters in the first season, they really couldn't afford to lose two of them for this second season. Nonetheless,that's exactly what they did, and while they brought in two new supporting characters to take ...
This part should have ended at the 12th episode. It is completely ridiculous after that. I don't whatch anime on drugs so I can't say why anyone would like that trash story. The author misuse any concept he throws in your face in The most convenient way. I am just disappointed with myself for taking so long to realize that this show is made by a lunatic with not a single clue of what he is doing. The art is fine, the Music is Good as Well, but everything else is just insane. I used to think that the story was suposed just to be ...
[Score: 5/10]. . It’s late, but oh boy, it’s been coming for a while. This show is literally one of most average shows I’ve ever seen.. . Let’s start off simple. You might like this show if you:. — Liked K-On!. — Have social anxiety. — Like comedy and half-decent art direction. . You might not like this show if you:. ...
Had this been a pure police drama, I would probably be giving this anime an eight or nine right now. During the few times the anime strictly focused on the drama and dropped the jokes, it was quite good, but those times are so few and far between that it just highlighted how bad the rest of the show is.. . The problem is that the anime has a bad case of identity crisis. It doesn't know if it wants to be a gag comedy or a serious drama. The anime will go from all out comedy one minute then become knee-jerkingly serious the next. There ...
Tamala 2010 is such a weird movie. I feel as if it's one of those you're either gonna like or dislike - there's no inbetween. Apparently there was supposed to be a couple of other sequels, a TV series, and yeah, it could have taken off if the story was better. I can imagine Tamala being an iconic figure in merchandise and pop culture, like Hello Kitty, and I really do think that the character design and all that looks great, but you're just left a sour taste after finishing the movie. You don't really know what happened, what it's all supposed to mean... It's ...
I'm very disappointed with this anime.. . The whole "A Girl can see ghosts and is sent back in time to meet historical figures." is a very interesting premise. Unfortunately, they barely did anything interesting with this set up even toward the end. After the first 2 episodes, the entire premise was poorly explained and then was toss aside in favor of normal daily slice-of-life-with-the-occasional-funny-moments anime. Even when they tried something with the whole Tamayori, the thing just ended the minute it got slightly interesting. Seriously why even bother showing a girl who can see ghosts, how it negatively affected her life, and how there are ghosts ...
What on earth did I just see. what the fuck what the fuck what the fuck.. . This is one of the most gruesome hentai anime I've seen and I've seen a lot! after episode 4 it just stops to care about the viewer and goes haywire.like all the reviews say, this ain't for the faint hearted. Ive seen a lot of rape, gore , psychological torture anime but this was horror. I can't believe shit like this have happened to people. I don't wanna think that I live in the same world as these people. What the fuck.. I don't think I'm gonna continue 🤨
I haven't watched anything as boring, overrated and overall just bad as Trigun in a long time. It was a long, slow and tedious journey that felt like it was longer than 26 episodes. Which was surprising to me, as most of what I've heard about Trigun over the years has been overwhelmingly positive. But the bitter truth had nothing to do with my expectations.. . As for the story, Vash the Stampede is a man with a $60,000,000,000 bounty on his head. Vash is constantly in trouble because of the bounty on his head and wherever Vash goes, trouble follows him, hence the nickname Humanoid Typhoon. ...
Up to episode 2 and half of episode 3 this was a solid 7. Xanthe's and Larissa's voice acting was out of this world, easily on par with the japanese cast. It may have even been an 8 had there not been so many plot holes.. . But after that the whole thing fell apart. They kept using the same plot gimmicks to pull at your emotions, and when Fine's about to die by the 5th time it gets old real fast. So that's why this wound up as a 4.. . I'll rewatch up to episode 3 to get the bond between them, but other than that don't ...
The. writing. is. so. bad. . I wanted out by episode 4 or so, but I tried to hold on for a little more and couldn't. . The premise is interesting, but the gimmick of agriculture was barely used at all. You get thrown farming trivia at random times but it's not at all front and center at any point. . Take away the main gimmick from an isekai, and you're just left with the cookie cutter mould. . There are some interesting threads but the writing is just so bad that I can't justify my curiosity of how things will mash together to form an interesting story. . would NOT recommend, unless you just ...
I Went into this with a open mind and i just cant recommend this. I think the biggest flaw with this show is that its obsessed with the idea to give the viewer a awe in imagery and feeling while having the music play off of it to create this awe moment and it never works because it happens countless times forcefully and never pays off and isnt genuine usually when this sort of thing is done good its built up nicely in a natural way this show constantly tries to create it multiple times within episodes and i just dont buy it and even ...
Disappointing is the best description for this OVA. All character development from the end of season 1 was thrown out the window. The plot was repetitive, a certain character took the spotlight and was absolutely obnoxious. The idea of them hearing each other's thoughts is intriguing, but the way they handled it with a certain character, made it unbearable to watch. Episode 1 was okay at best, and I had to force myself to finish episode 2. I skipped through episodes 3 and 4 to look for any redeeming scenes, and there were maybe 2 scenes at the end of episode 4 that I enjoyed, ...
Blue Lock came out with some serious hype. It gained a lot of traction during the 2022 FIFA world cup, a strategic release decision no doubt, and despite my waning interest in anime as a medium, I love football enough that it really piqued my interest to watch it.. . It sucks.. . I appreciate the attempts to exaggerate and personify the aspects of the sport and its athletes, particularly the "lethality" and "composure" that the greatest strikers are synonymous with, but the author forgot to give each character something just as equally important as an ego: a brain.. . But bad characters, premise, animation, sound track and arguably art style ...
If you thought seasons 3 and 4 were a travesty, this new followup to Seven Deadly Sins is a beast of it's own. If you ever thought, hey those really bad cutscenes in cel-shaded anime video games were awesome, this is the anime for you. You have the full on 3D environments with clear geometry and textures rendered in real time using PS3 era computing power with "stickers" as faces and the most awkwardly handcrafted animations around traced with a balled mouse from the 90s. Even the eyes will stretch when the face contorts, just like real life! It reminds me a lot of the ...
What a complete mess.. . The Devil Is A Part Timer was the first anime I ever watched back in 2014, I knew very little about anime but saw various people talking about it on YouTube and Twitter at the time and thought I would try to get into it. The first season was great, with an interesting premise, likeable characters, solid humour and a certain charm that makes it stand out in my memory when I looked back on previous anime I have watched.. . Sadly most of the charm has been sucked out with this 2nd season, not only has this season seen a significant change ...
For the first time in my anime watching life I dropped a show because it hurt to watch. I got 4 minutes into episode 3 and I just could not go any further. Normally I’d watch the full season even if I didn’t enjoy it to give an honest full review but I just couldn’t.. . I usually like the trash generic OP fantasy/isekai MC but it just felt so dull and boring. Not even the VA sounded like they enjoyed themselves. If you really really like the trashy generic OP then you might like this, again I only watched the first three episodes the story might ...
The 6.5 special is literally just there for excessive fan service. i am very glad it doesn't encroach on the rest of the show, i don't mind they've put it all in one place, that makes it easy to avoid. i don't recommend. Even if the fanservice doesn't bother you or you even like it sometimes, personally, i found it uncomfortable that the entire episode revolves around pressuring Kaede to wear something she isn't comfortable wearing. Tt just reminded me of being forced to wear dresses as a kid when i didn't feel comfortable in them. Just because she doesn't wear the thing Now doesn't ...
If you've watched season 1, then you've basically watched season 2. There is nothing particularly different or appealing of Uzaki-chan wa Asobitai! Double. As a romantic comedy it is mid at best. Unfortunately, Uzaki-chan wa Asobitai! Double just doesn't bother to deliver any romantic value to what is supposed to be a romance anime. It just beats around the bush for 13 episodes, reminiscent of the first season. At least with the first season, you get the feelings from their budding relationship, but in the end, what we are watching is a slice of life anime, that isn't very appealing. ...
The essential concept of the show is that instead of evolving into traditional humans, fish evolved into forms of humans that have various animalistic characteristics, whether that be to the effect of having a horse body, goat horns, or even looking like an angel. These people would clearly be different, so the show is set up to explore the whacky hijinks of accommodating for a 1500 pound horse girl AND a 4'11" small demon girl. The unfortunate turn here is that within the first 10 minutes the established cannon goes into detail about how slavery is an engrained part of their history and how there ...
If this anime were a food, it would be a single slice of bread.. Not toasted, or buttered, or anything else. Just the plainest, most boring stuff you've ever watched.. You can't really call it horrible, because there's barely anything there at all.. . Looking for a decent anime? This isn't that.. Looking for a laughably horrible anime? This isn't that.. I would only recommend you watch this if you like characters with very little depth succeeding with minimal challenge.. . While it is an isekai, this is one of those that you could entirely remove that part and nobody would care.. The protagonist is just a generic middle aged man who works all ...
Just to give you a feeling the lack of attention to detail. Whoever did the art for this anime. What's with the Lamborghini Gallardo with Lamborghini Huracan interior. As a Lambo owner, I feel offended. Story is underdeveloped and very boring. Characters are very basic stereotypical character setup as other anime.. . I mean none of the characters are even smart. Even average person would question a lot of things these guys just take for granted.. . Honestly the only reason I started watching this stuff is because in the cover the guy looked a bit like Lelouche from Code Geass. Disappointed.
Koikimo is dangerous because it uses cutesy art and rom-com cliches to hide what it's really about: A creepy adult man harassing and grooming a high school girl. The girl rejects the man, calls him disgusting, yet he continues to pursue her romantically and sexually. He takes pictures of her without consent, he visits her uninvited, he gets close to her mother, he flirts with her while she’s vulnerable and alone, he gives her tons of gifts, and he expects her love in return. Worst of all, it is targeted at teenagers. Not cute. Very fucked up.. . The art, animation, and sound are terrible too. Even ...
On a scale of Ouran to Diabolik Lovers, this sits closer to the latter. It’s not quite Amnesia-level bland, but it’s not much better. The MC is, as expected, a shell of a character meant to be a self-insert. Her annoying pet squirrel actually has more of a personality than her, which legit bothers me. (I hate the squirrel.). . There are literally 13 guys in this show and I can only remember them vaguely as jerk singer, red head tsundere, dad with glasses, fake yaoi twins, loli, businessman, hairdresser, crossdresser, flirty monk, stoic jock, and…forgot the rest. (Also how in the world did the boys’ ...
This review contains some spoilers, which I personally find fairly minor.. . Elfen Lied has been described as everything from a masterpiece, to appalling and offensive. It's disheartening to say that I found the latter to be true. Being a big fan of the supernatural, psychological and horror genres, Elfen Lied might be the biggest disappointment.. . The basic outline of the story is really strong. In the world of Elfen Lied, there exists a group of mutant humans with horns, pinkish coloured hair and telekinetic arms called vectors. Some of these Dioniclus - the mutant humans - also have the power to impart the mutation into regular humans, ...
Eren,,, how long did we look for the ocean,,, ohhh well armen, i'd say, about 3 years and 3 long seasons it took us to set our sights on that dear dream.... And long has it been since we've seen her, the ocean that is, - ohhh, boutta year now my friend..... Well, three years to find her and a year in our rear view, and you know what we got for findin and crossin that dear ocean of our dreams?. What's that armen?. A whole lotta nazi warfare brobro.... And I gained some new debby downer death glares, and so did you and so did the entire cast, ...
A society free of violence, where the human behavior is molded from birth and peace and respect are made to reign supreme, harmful information is kept under lock and key so as your blissfull mind shant ever worry of the stress it could bring. Does that sound like paradise to you?. . Now look at that same utopia thru these lense. A society unable to rebel, where the human body is programmed from birth to fall sick at any inkling of a hostile thought, censorship reigns supreme, knowledge is a forbidden realm as your blissfull mind shall be marked that of a demon for ever seeking it out. This is ...
Nothing special, really cliche anime. Story and everything isn't good but the last episode wasn't half bad. The main characters weren't unique or interesting but there was some character development throughout the series, especially from Yumemi. Yumemi was the only character who I liked and enjoyed watching.. . The show was unrealistic when they had to say their spell name and the villains just waited there but that's usually the case when it comes to this kind of animes. Also, I don't think the ecchi tag was necessary and they didn't show much romance between Hatena and Makoto. The graphics weren't bad but the art definitely could've ...
The Prologue to The Witch from Mercury was a mostly poor and unneeded forerunner for the series. Now we get to see a new Gundam for the current generation, many of whom probably missed out on older entries to the long-running franchise. What do we get? Instead of following around adolescent male protagonist soldiers, we get our first female protagonist and school life, only this academy is a colony that may or may not get dropped, but it definitely should get the latter treatment. With the entire cast locked inside.. . The setting and early plot points are highly reminiscent of Revolutionary Girl Utena. We have ...
It's not a bad story, it's just very generic, kind of boring, and very forgettable. The animation is good, and the fight scenes are very well done, they are entertaining to watch. The music isn't the best, but it works, so it does the job. But in my opinion, its biggest flaw is not the story itself, but the characters, they all feel very flat already at the end of the series, the protagonist, the two main girls and everyone else feel extremely empty, without motivation They are only there because without them there would be no story, but it is impossible to have any ...
In my humble opinion the show is very boring. It feels like k-on but the cast and especially the female lead is not likeable. The fmc is boring and there's no character development at all (or barely). It just feels like wasted potential. The music was nice and it felt refreshing having new rock being featured as the main theme. The art style was nice but there wasn't anything special to it same can be said for the animation. This show has an interesting premise but the pacing is quite slow. and the whole shy girl trope that can't properly express herself is overused and ...
More than a Gundam show, the writer shines through the branding to announce to the world that it is one of his works. Thrilling, mysterious, and "political", it's a setup cour with a lot of shock factor speckled in between episodes until one big climax. If you liked his previous works like Code Geass, Valvrave and Guilty Crown you're sure to love this mix of thriller sci-fi and romance. But if you were expecting a coming-of-age, war drama like most Gundam shows, you'll miss what you were aiming for.. . I would love to enjoy each and every Gundam show that comes out but I don't. ...
A music show that is definitely not made for musicians.. . I know this show is comedy-first but I cannot get over the girls' awful motivations for joining a band. We have our main character who only wants to gain fame and look cool. Another character buys a guitar to get closer to their crush. Oh, and it was actually a 6-string-bass... how silly of her! (6-string-basses are not even sold in regular music stores). . The show has its moments. It does two things right: bassists and the starting journey of an amateur musician. The latter is depicted quite well - a musician's journey is messy. Things go ...
Queerbaiting criticism of anime often gets backlash from people who have had anime with complete representation for their whole lives. Heroes, supporting characters, romances, sexual relationships. You can live vicariously the fantasies of heroism, power, violence, love, harems, and much more. Film, tv, and anime have been that way for over a century.. . The latest Gundam spin-off series, Mobile Suit Gundam: The Witch from Mercury, appears to challenge the status quo of gender roles in the long-running mecha franchise and anime as a medium. The female leads of G-Witch, Suletta Mercury and Miorine Rembran, are engaged to marry. Suletta assumes the traditional role of a man, ...
The story(anime) is trash trash trash! MAL wants us to be harsher so here goes. Art is disingenuous. Just a basic non artistic load. Characters were half way decent, and the show is so simplistic it hurts. Characters reacted in an easy to guess manner that divulged from the story. I think the vast majority will find this to be between a filler and nothingness as a waist of time.. . I gave it a shot because usually a dubbed anime means it is decent to good, but no! Think the creators paid dub teams to sell it. All around bad on so many categories. Just ...
Now, I am a huge fan of horror anime and the story seemed more than interesting.. Siblings that only have each other? Mysterious red butterflies? Cannibalistic nightmare?. Yes, please!. But then I finished the first episode, the second, the third... and before the fourth ended, I started writing this.. Quickly I found out that the only thing that worked well was Maria's character. Oh, and the bears. I liked the bears.. I am a stubborn person. So, despite seeing all the "not recommended" reviews and commentators who said how they regret wasting their time on this, I still kept it on my list and decided to give it ...
I don't even know where to start. I guess with the good aspects. Ren is super cute and aesthetically pleasing to look at. Some jokes are actually funny at times. Besides this, this anime should be called the fan service anime. There's barely any plot. Every episode feels like a filler except the end of the show really. The Dears are alien slaves and they would do anything for their master including sex. Man, the MC for this is the most annoying character in the whole show. The poor way he treats women is so irritating. You see, there are a lot of shows that ...
During early 2020, everyone found themselves indoors and it’s fair to say that the anime that came out was of the quantity weren’t used to for quite some time. This meant that you were more invested in the shows that were coming out. This was a show I watched with intense.. . The story is something we are all too familiar with therefore, I won’t bore you with the details. It’s what sets itself apart from what it doesn’t, that is the interesting bits. What it did do differently I think it did quite well. While the setting was something I was already used to, the ...
This movie is an absolutely horrible anime, but definitely deserves a 4 star for the top-quality sequel, Train to Busan(Live action film).. . This is mostly going to be a mini breakdown of both this movie and its sequel, and what sets this hot garbage apart from Train to Busan.. . Story(1/10) - First of all, just want to clarify that personally, although Train to Busan is a live-action film, it's way more melodramatic than this animated movie. It works for a zombie movie, it's nothing exceptional, it's just your typical survivors surviving in a zombie apocalypse, but that's not all. The story is overall pretty inconsistent, it would ...
This is the worst anime of all time. This is not being hyperbolic. There are some horrible anime in terms of production or story before but this series has a unique way of being repulsive. It is not even a pleasantly bad anime it is simply bad. The first thing that comes to mind is squandered potential.. . The series gives the false impression of having a plot that has the potential to be a fun exploration of our present world and a foreign magical world crossing paths leading to fun adventures, an engaging plot, or at least a thoughtful presentation of what the implications of ...
This is just horrible. the most generic show that you hopefully will never see.. its just the usual pump and dump shounen show like fireforce, dont even bother with it.. . it was so overrated that i had to check it but of course, it turns to be a trash show (no suprises there). . . characters are bad they are not memorable and you will even forgot their names even after rewatching 2 times. its so bad that i cannot handle it anymore,. . if you do wanna watch this i suggest that you throw away your sleeping pills because this is the best sleeping drug show ever.
If you're looking for a high-quality, thought-provoking anime that will leave you feeling intellectually fulfilled, then Serei Gensouki is definitely not for you. This show is the trashiest of trash, and I mean that in the best possible way.. . From the awful animation to the nonsensical plot, Serei Gensouki is a hot mess of epic proportions. The characters are all one-dimensional caricatures, and the dialogue is cringeworthy at best. But somehow, despite all of its flaws, I couldn't NOT look away every 5 minutes. I was so mesmerized by the trainwreck unfolding before me that I just had to keep watching.. . In conclusion, Serei Gensouki is a ...
This is perhaps the most over-hyped, over-rated movie I have ever had the displeasure of watching. The characters are neither charming nor memorable. The plot is confusing and lacks any depth. Character motivations are never explained. I am left with countless questions/ The romance itself is extremely rushed and shallow. The only redeeming qualities are the art, aesthetics, and music. As well as the fire character Calcifire. He was actually kind of fun. But even that classic Studio Ghibli style is not enough to make me enjoy the film. Maybe a small child would enjoy this movie? But certainly not a rational intelligent adult. 1/10
This show gave me amnesia because I remember nothing from it. It wasn't offensive or anything, but I feel like I wasted my time and brain cells attempting to engage with it. The art/animation is decent and the opening is a banger but those are the only positive points. I just legitimately didn't realize it was possible to write such a bland heroine but here we are. The amnesia not only took away her memories but apparently it also denied her a personality. I had to watch the entire first episode on 2x speed because it was so annoying listening to her "eh? what?" sounds. ...
I don't think this anime is recommended because of many factors and I might stop watching it because it's too boring.. . 1. I don't see clearly his purpose.. 2. Learn from many books but still look very stupid, this is the saddest thing about this anime.. 3. Wasting too much time on things that are less important.. 4. A prosperous kingdom that is large enough but ignores the small villages around it.. 5. The horrors of demons or beasts that smother civilization are not very clear.. . Will (Main Charater) make me surprised when he gets insulted but there is no anger or feeling to defend himself. Looks stupid even though he ...
I thought the show started off strong, but by the end I really thought it was subpar. I like the voice acting, graphics, and the music was fine. There was a coloration of some of the anime characters' eyes that I had not seen before. Can’t say if it was good or bad, just personal preference on how you like the eyes of anime characters drawn, but do give them points for at least trying to be original. I thought it was an interesting concept to not have any males aside from small children in the show, but dude to block out the face of ...
Why do people even like this anime? The music is nothing special, any average anime has better music, and don't get me started on the main character. I have no problem with introverted socially awkward characters, but bochhi is just plain annoying. Her annoyingness cancels out the other side characters who are kind of tolerable.. The story is not that special either. Never felt more secondhand embarrassment than the episode where she jumped on the crowd and fell down when no one caught her. Even if this is a slice-of-life type of anime, the characters are simply mundane and I don't find them interesting. I have ...
I watched the first(?) season of this anime solely because I like short animes and stupid ones but this wasn't even the so-stupid-it's-enjoyable, it was just not entertaining to me despite finishing it. I've never been to Japan and these shorts just don't even feel like much of a commercial to me even? It has the weirdest storyline and it's not that it's hard to follow, it's just not interesting.. . I usually don't have much to say about the animation but I remember watching the first episode when it came out and thinking how it felt like they were moving like VTubers. No offense to ...
This was one of the stupidest things i've ever watched. For starters the whole thing tries way way too hard to be emotional, starting with the hypermelodramatic first part. . Kaniini to Kaniino:. Super melodramatic music accompanying a dialogue made up exclusively of... the characters names. This isn't something impossible to make work, but it is extreamly difficult to pull off, and Modest Heroes did not in the slightest, annoying AF is the only thing it pulled off. . Samurai Egg:. This one was the nail in the coffin that absolutely made my blood boil. An entire episode feturing a mom panicking and fearmongering about food allergies, congratulations you just glorified the most unhealthy ...
Just read the manga it will blow your mind but this not so much. The production team just wanted to tick some goddam boxes and please the internet people and not make something beautiful, tbh it kinda game that disney..marvel universe vibes. . the only thing i thought was cool, was a really an action sequence, which is really hard not to notice, other than that i hate the 3dcgi bullshit, the fandom peoples and the film - something filter crap they done on this anime. the trailer was the best thing had happened to the anime..... it was so much more and that bg music in the ...
My rating is solely for the ending theme. The entire show was trash besides. Mujika, she carried it the entire way.. . At a more in-depth look, it's been a while since I've watched the show and I definitely don't plan on rewatching. I loved s1 but s2 just completely destroyed everything.. . Mujika carried the entire season. The ending theme carried the entire season. The show is where it all went down hill, it's as if they out no effort into it at all. They definitely didn't stay loyal to the manga and that just made it even worse. . Overall for the show 1/10. . For the ...
Koukyuu no Karasu is an episodic mystery/supernatural show about the Raven Consort and the King. Don't expect too much outside of that. Barring the setting based in China, the show is actually quite tame and predictable.. . First off is the story. Like I said before, it's episodic. There's not much to say. There are definitely arcs that touch upon a character's past, and these arcs eventually serve as character development. Each character isn't too static, and they definitely change enough for you to notice. That being said, most of the story arcs are merely one or two episodes regarding a not-too-difficult mystery or exorcism case that ...
Well tbh i didnt have a lot of hope while starting the first episode but at least i've been lured by the fact it's a seinen to believe it might be mature. Well ngl i was wrong, this isnt mature. Sometimes it's borderline ecchi but it's not really different from a shounen slice of life.. It's been a while now i review those romance animes/mangas and it becomes increasingly boring and hard to find inspiration while writing because it's just a taste of deja vu for me. Like a feeling that everything i write for 75% of those animes could be switched with other animes ...
A beloved manga that I never would have thought would be adapted got an anime adaptation, and I wish it didn't.. . Studio NAZ did an embarrassingly poor job adapting Lucifer. For a manga that I would rank among the very best I've read, the anime is a stain on the legacy of Lucifer & The Biscuit Hammer.. . READ THE MANGA!. . -For a manga made up of fighting, not a single punch in the show actually lands its animation. None of the fight animation feel like it connects. Poor shading and depth perception can be blamed, but it also comes down how NAZ avoids animating any actual fighting ...
Sorry but I don't get it. It's boring. Every episode of this show just feels like a really boring filler episode. I'm used to the over-the-top competition trope, but there needs to at least be a little substance to it. The animation is good, especially the food. The animation style and the videos I watched of people recreating the food drew me in. I could barely get through five minutes of the first episode before I got bored. Usually, the thing that saves the over-the-top animes from being, quite simply, bad, is that they cross over into the ironically good territory. This anime does not ...
The anime is an adaptation of the Final Fantasy video game series. There are many themes borrowed from the games from the power of crystals, heroic struggles, and self sacrifice. While the concept was good and the stories were interesting, the overall work lacked the execution necessary to do justice to the Final Fantasy franchise. The anime sets up its own story and lore like many Final Fantasy games. It is self-contained so it is not necessary to play the games beforehand to follow the adaptation.. . . . Overall story is very cheesy and lighthearted and not in a good way. The themes from ...
Future Diary is a well known anime adaptation of the manga of the same name. This series is what popularized the very infamous yandere trope where a psychotic (usually female) character goes extremely violent to get a partner or to protect their partner. It is also well known for its use of Greek Mythology.. . The show focuses on Yukiretu Amano, a student who spends his days writing on a special diary on his phone and speaking to his supposedly imaginary friends Deus Ex Machina and Murmur. Deus Ex Machina grants Yukiretu a special gift that allows him to know the future and to change ...
I felt bored mid movie; till the end of the movie there is no scene that moved me in any way.. I won't repeat what I read in others revierw that also don't recommend the movies as I do;. Add to the unnecessary\unexplainable scences, my impression after watching the whole moive was "what is the point of the whole movie". Not that fun to watch, not inspiring, not sad, only good graphics and weak/shallow story.. . The rest of the review is a filler (can't publish with only small review), if you have nothing to do in your life keep reading:. What excpect and would you enjoy it or ...
Overall this is a highly generic show with uninteresting story and a little bit of ecchiness. (Mostly kissing). . This show doesn't deserve anyone's time and effort in any possible ways. Firstly if you wanna enjoy some good fantasy with an interesting story line and well-written characters, Vermeil fails horribly at both of them. Its story is nothing unique just a secretly op magic student summoning a demon servant, then they defeat bad guys who are doing bad things for usual reasons like bullying the other students because of their ego, wanting to get stronger or destroying the earth. Classic anime villain stereotypes. Events are far from ...
truly awful. I wanted to like this, it seemed fairly interesting and I liked the art style and it seemed like I'd have a good time for it. But holy shit is this an overrated piece of trash! There isn't a single interesting character in the story, all of them are annoying and the anime tries to add some depth by inserting sentimentalist backstories in between scenes, but it's so lazy (wow, you have to feel attached to this character because.. theyre funny and they have a traumatic past!) and all of the characters are just so one-note and there wasn't a single moment where ...
This show has caused me irreversible brain damage. I wanted to drop the show so many times but I stayed with it hoping that I could at least deter one person, save one at least one person from watching this. My dress up darling has disgraced the romance genre with tasteless fanservice. The male mc literally cannot form sentences without stuttering. I want to bash my head in every time she talks. Kitagawa might be hot, but she is the most unrealistic girl I have ever seen in anime, and that's saying something. Episode 2 of this anime might be the worst thing I have ...
I thought reverse harem/regular harem "reincarnated in otome game" isekai was the most cringe combo ever, but it seems like the regular generic medieval romance shoujo gives it a run for the money.. . At least in "reincarnated in a otome game" type novels or anime, the rest of the cast is kind of bland or NPC-like for a reason. The characters are from a reverse-harem game or something, and thus, they kind of act more wooden and there's no reason to go delve deep into the characters. Similar to using the generic "medieval fantasy" setting, these types of shows thrive on having the MC be in ...
The story is another generic romance which is about a guy who has a crush on his classmate. The background story on how he had a feelings for her is really ridiculous.. . The animation is 3/10. ( i don't like big eyes and the character's design isn't that good). Plot is 5/10 - Plain average, not good but not also bad.. Story is 3.5/10 very awful.. Voice acting is 5/10 as well not bad but not good. I guess the animation affected the voice acting.. . So overall this show is a waste of time and if you want to kill time, this is the perfect show for you.
thissss is not good :/. . i am well aware these are ads but the product placement is PAINFULLY unsubtle and it really throws off any enjoyment I can take from this. Everyone, kaguya especially, feels incredibly out of character and poorly acted. Kaguya acts like a boring basic anime girl with absolutely no personality in this.. The humour is nonexistent as well, the only thing that got me laughing was how low the quality of these ads are. Funny for all the wrong reasons.. The animation also definitely took a dip in quality, but to be fair what can you expect from an ad. . Overall, just a goofy ass ...
The show manages one thing. It does stand out from the crowd. Only in the worst way possible.. . Everything that makes for a fun or interesting isekai is entirely missing from this show. The main character is such a blank slate that he might as well have been originally from his new world and spared us the melodrama of telling his foster parents the fact. The show refuses to get going and for half the season we're stuck in one place, in essentially a "training arc" that any other isekai would have resolved in its first episode. The characters just have no appeal. None. No charisma, ...
An easy 2/10.. . From the stereotypical strong masculine-seme and weak feminine-uke trope, all the way to huge, unsettling age gaps in EVERY pairing and creepy romantic encounters, this anime has everything to give you the worst second-hand embarrassment of your life.. . I am aware that many of the prominent tropes in this anime are meant to be hot. If you're into that, go figure. If you're not, this is your sign to find another anime.. . Let's discuss two relationships in this anime that may potentially be triggering or uncomfortable to some.. . Main pair: Misaki Takahashi and Akhiko Usami. . ...
The show has interesting premise and visuals (the other world and its creatures), as well as nice voice acting performed by great seiyuus.. The story is, however, all over the place. And not in a way that would make it entertaining, it's just not thought out well, to the point it feels like a writer's first draft. Some scenes go on forever despite barely adding anything to the plot, while others are skipped through so fast the viewer is left behind.. The narrative shows lack of understanding of how money operates on the author's part, as well as lack of message. Which is fine, not all stories ...
First off, my friend refused to stream the entirety of the series to me, so I ended up watching only two episodes.. However, during those two episodes, I had a less than satisfactory viewing experience.. First off, they refused to explain the difference between blond and yellow hair, forcing me to explain the difference every time someone with blond hair shows up.. Furthermore, eren (the main protagonist) screams way too loud, and it's very scary and I pissed my pants *~*. However, the drunk guy in the beginning was really relatable. I hope he doesn't die during the later portions of the show.
I like the Zero Escape games. Sure, their thematics are poorly explored - if at all, their characters are painfully one-dimensional, and graphically it's nothing to write home about. Still, there's an addictive "Who's done it?" quality to the series that always kept me engaged. This ONA, made for promotional purposes, aims to spark interest in VLR without spoiling its overall narrative. Sadly, it is difficult to say for whom this ONA is meant. Those who have already played the game, will not find any new content. Others will be introduced to a handful of names and faces but with little understanding of their importance. ...
Blend S was one of those animes that didn’t interest me back when it aired in 2017, and perhaps for good reason. Beyond the pedophile manager’s (aged 26) attraction to the mc Maika (aged 16), the anime fails to go anywhere in terms of plot despite introducing multiple new characters throughout the season. Despite being a moe anime with constant attempts to break the fourth wall to appeal to ‘otaku’ viewers, the jokes play on overused tropes and come off as cringe-worthy. It’s characters, each with their own ‘gimmick’ and role they play at the café, experience no character development, growth or change. Coupled with ...
As a stand alone series, this isn't a good anime. I don't recommend this to anyone unless their a die hard fan that can accept any faults. . While watching the show my partner commented,. "Every time I've come in here it's been the same scene repeatedly.". . The show is exhausting with its padding, repeating plot points, preventing character growth for more "story", over explanation, constant recaps and more that I'm defiantly forgetting. Gyakkyou Burai Kaiji: Hakairoku-hen is the definition of dragging its ass. Compared to its parent series that has over double the story in the same amount of episodes its just a Disappointing, frustrating waste of a ...
Kage no Jitsuryokusha ni Naritakute, or The Eminence in Shadow, is an example of an adaptation that failed to understand its source material.. The Eminence in Shadow is a genre parody—at least, it's supposed to be. In reality, this show plays out like any other power fantasy Isekai. The adaptation is comedically dry and tone-deaf, to the point of wondering if it was even meant to be a comedy in the first place.. . This review needs more information!. . Is the story unique? If it was predictable, did you enjoy it anyway because you like this genre/set-up?. Do you think the art style is fitting for the story?. Do you think ...
The season overall is mediocre at best. The story and conflict building from episode one feels flat and too straight forward and too fast to be felt like a progress that built up towards the climax. TBH, it felt like with the story telling as it is, the two parts of the season could be summed up in two episodes of separate OVA (given the first part felt more like a filler). Or rather having one whole season with 12 episodes of the second part of the season with proper story, character, relationship, and tension building would be preferred.. If you've watched all the previous seasons ...
The Harvest Night is a very boring story that isn't told very well. It is an adult only anime from 2002 but be warned as it is very rape heavy. There are some consensual scenes but it is mostly for those into rape fantasy so you have been warned. That said the scenes are well animated and have good attention to detail however climax scenes are almost non existent. The ending is the only part of the story that may stick with you as it is quite sad, although the characters and unresolved plot lines take away most of the impact. Sad if you feel ...
Edens Zero is very disappointing. Written by Hiro Mashima it channels many of his other works such as Fairy Tail and Rave. It provides an adequate adventure plot with the character stereotypes that Mashima is known for. There are many cameos throughout the series from his previous works and it is rather humorous to see their likenesses in a different work. This is where the good ends however. The level of animation is sub par, and ruins the overall enjoyment of the anime. Many fight scenes are cut into single frames, this is especially evident towards the later half ...
This is probably an unpopular opinion but I was actually not a fan of this anime. I can objectively acknowledge why people like it, but these types of anime are honestly tough to sit through. Why? Because the main character is supposed to be relatable in that she's a quiet girl who's misunderstood and suffers from severe social anxiety. Buttttt of course... she's actually cute and doesn't realize how likeable she would be. It's tough to watch in that it's relatable but it's not - because the social anxiety part they have correct. But they essentially took WataMote (not the one with all the guys, ...
You know all those cute-girls-doing-cute-things the anime that float around every season?. . Introducing.... Hot-Dudes-Doing-Hot-Things the anime!. . Yes.. . By the way the above is literally all you really need to know to decide if or not to watch this show.. . No, there's not really any story. It was a rather random experience from episode to episode.. . ...
I'm usually a big fan of these kind of movies but I have to say I was severely disappointed by Don Glees.. . First of all, the positives - I have to state that this is a beautiful film well acted by a talented cast. Some of the shots are breathtaking on a big screen.. . Sadly beyond the visual craft of the film it really begins to struggle. Coming of age stories between a group of friends centred around a supernatural theme of death is one of the biggest tropes in anime, so at this point if thats going to be the premise of your movie you have ...
Dropped it really fast. Characters that magically get rid of the consequences of their lazy lifestyles piss me off.. . Dude smelled like death, didn't take care of his body, and was very aware of it. Chose not to do a damn thing. He stumbled through the forest after he was isekai'ed, then just got lucky, and magically gained enough exp to "evolve" and burn off all the excess weight.. . Didn't feel earned at all, especially after they made a point of how mistreated he was for the way he looked. Gaining a pair and becoming determined to grow and change on his own would've been better
Down in Ohio, Swag like Ohio, Down in Ohio, Swag like Ohio! One of the Ohioan animes of all time. Bro can't even die in Ohio 💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀. . . Devoid of meaning, reeks of Marvel-ism, this Ohioan anime miserably attempts to reconcile make-believe dystopia with reality. Take an example: it jettisons existential questioning—i.e. 'why should we live'—and replaces it with glaringly hollow remarks on how powerful a man can become. This might have been an okay-ish theme but we're talking anime here: we don't elaborate. Characters are 2D both literally and physically—flat, like a piece of paper. Main character is defiantly stalwart and rigid—unwavering purpose and resolution—giving no ...
Akame ga Kill has become the representation of feelfaggotry. If you are one of those people who expect to get emotional from the very first episode, you will lose your shit with this one because (GASP) it constantly kills its characters and doesn’t resurrect them a few episodes afterwards. This made it super popular while it was airing and eventually got overhyped into the status of a masterpiece, because it deconstructs the clichés of fighting shonen.. . The show is constantly trying to fool you into thinking it has grey morality, since most of the heroes are heartless assassins and many of the subordinates of the villains ...
Overomanticized waste of time, boomers like this show because of the clearly autistic protagonist and the nonsensical glimpses at christian mythology.. . It loks bad and outdate graphically, even for it's time and the story is utterly cringe, the best way to describe the plot of evangelion is like a child trying to act mature and edgy by smashing various ''serious'' concepts or throwing them on the wall and hoping something eventually sticks.. . if this was your first or one of the first ''mature'' cartoons you saw back in your time, I can understand the impact it had and why so many elder weebs consider this ...
The anime is a super rushed adaption being that the episodes are 3 minutes long, besides content being omitted a lot of the punchlines barley get time to land. Even for a gag manga that's pretty cruel but other then that the animation is good. I feel the voice actors don't sound like their characters except Bondo, they all sound too grown up for playing some kids.. Roboco is voiced by by Shun Matsuo so I guess that makes it funny but not really. . Just read the manga, unless the anime becomes a normal 22 minute anime this adaption is just not it
This show is ass and and the writing is awful and lazy.. . Im not saying that because its echi and echi often times isnt my cup of tea. I have watched and enjoyed echis when they are well written and entertaining, witch this is not.. . In particular Im thinking of ishizokou reviewers witch it can be argued is more suggest then this show is. However despite this its still alot better and I often feel inclined to rewatch it, not because of the echi aspect but, because, its just a well written and entertaining show.. . Also akane is annoying as fuck. Everytime akane opens her mouth ...
Life is a precious gift!. . You must value life, mainly because it is short. That's why I must warn you that this anime is a complete waste of time.. . You will be in front of a boring story that will never take you to any place. We must be honest with ourselves. Thousands of animes, movies, series, and other life experiences exist. I recommend you do anything else that enriches your life instead of wasting time watching this empty story.. . This anime will finish equal to it started. It's like everything that happens during the story never change anything. So, in the end, you can ask yourself, "why ...
I watched the English Dub film version of this and found it to be pretty disappointing overall. There are some things I like about it, like the 90s anime aesthetic and Hyper-Metal-Sonic, but those are bogged down by what feels like a lot of filler and lack of focus on its main plot. It constantly cuts to the president's daughter, Sara, who gets really annoying. I swear to god, she gets more screen time than Metal-Sonic, and they of course try to sexualize her for laughs, which comes across as gross and unfunny. I just wanted to see Sonic and Metal-Sonic duke it out, so ...
If you like art that tries to be more art than it could ever art, this is for you!. . This half baked attempted at being unique artsy and different it laughable because it isn't that at all. everything about the show is predictable and boring. Just because you put some strange props and set the storing is a wacky world, it doesn't mean it's more meaningful than something grounded in reality but featuring deep and introspective themes.. . Being strange without intent is what this show is.. . If you are loner heterosexual boy wanting a manic pixie girl to save you from your lonely world, this ...
The only mystery that's worth discussing when talking about this anime is how the hell did it trick people into giving positive reviews. I have never seen a work of art so self absorbed in its mysteries to the point that it forgets to TELL the audience the mystery. It keeps showing me stuff that means nothing to me and thinks that that's a good way of building a mystery.. . The main characters are uninteresting and underdeveloped with no interesting chemistry. (They have a chemistry, it's called being annoying to each other and it's very irritating to watch.) The side characters that ...
Don't watch it. Even if you like this sorta thing, you deserve better -- watch overlord instead.. . The complete disrespect for survivors of sexual violence in this anime is staggering. I booted up the first episode and I was greeted with a sexual assault scene in mere seconds. I am really sick and tired of "dark fantasies" cynically using "rape" as a way of trying to show that their show is actually "dark" and "serious." Same goes to Goblin Slayer and many degenerate iterations of these types of stories.. . The show has nothing going for it other than its main gimmick, and that ...
It's one of horrible anime.. Don't waste your time by watching.. Story line very bad.. MC fights with the opposite and defeated them , after fight they run way MC didn't try to kill them, So they come again and again he defeats them and they again escape. It's too much boring.. . They show MC cultivation improved but every time he fights hardly and end he defeat the demon race.. DON"T WASTE YOUR TIME BY WATCHING THIS TRASH.. story was predictable,. MC acts as a wise person but I didn't understand why he didn't kill the enemy. every time time they come and challenge the MC and he fights and ...
Pretty sure that if you used both hands, and feet, to add up all the isekai series that came out in 2022 you’d have to have at least one friend to help you. ‘Beast Tamer’ which just finished airing last season was certainly an anime of 2022. In this anime, the eponymous “Beast Tamer”, gets kicked out of the hero’s party for being the weakest link, since he doesn’t contribute much in combat. He just does ALL of the legwork, scouting, packing, hauling, etc. He’s basically their scout/errand boy, but they kick him to the curb because he’s “holding them back”. He gets his revenge ...
I´m really disapointed. As someone who really enjoes the battles in Jojo it is really frustrating to watch this part all nearly all fights make no sense or a so confusing that you can´t enjoy them victorys often just happen.. The story sadly most of the time just happens. Most of the main cast is fun to watch there dicisions are often questionable (not in a moral way more in a when you want x outcome why did you do y). This is the Jojo part where I would just say to skip it (I don´t know how good the next part is gona be so ...
Anime Genre Roulette 🎰 Review 4 🎰 Seinen. . A show about interviewing monster girls, researching their lifestyle, learning in what ways they're different and in what they're similar to us humans, sounds interesting, right?. Well it would've been... had they not decided to have a conversation between a teacher and a student where every other word is either "sex" or "erotic"!!. . There were already hints of this in the first episode, like i know he's researching how Demi's work and... well, sexual desires are part of growing up and entering adulthood... still doesn't make it any less uncomfortable to watch a teacher interviewing a student about these things, ...
I see some ani-tuber say this is like Overlord, they couldn't be more wrong!. Aniz is trying to be cool while not all that perfect --- relatable and funny. Shadow is trying to be an side character while doing all the protagonist stuff and oh so perfect --- Kirito with a complex, cringe. Why?. The premise of this show is the MC is super capable but pretend to be useless side character.. And at first this is quite refreshing, and even get me laughing a couple of time. But the show quickly drop all this pretense, and gone full Kirito mode. The only thing that is making this ...
Super Sonico is the mascot for Nitro +, a videogame company. The series details her day-to-day life as a model, college student and budding guitarist. Sonico loves gaming, anime and all things cute and she loves music. She’s a narcoleptic due to her hectic schedule.. . The show is animated by White Fox, however, this animation lacks the quality of Steins Gate. The CGI looked very awkward especially in the concert scenes. The character designs were very good and complimented by the myriad art styles.. . I should mention this show has a lot of fanservice every few seconds which make sense given the nature of the ...
Devil Survivor 2 is an anime tv series faithful adaptation of the Shin Megami Tensei DS spin off of the same name. After Dachi and Hibeki finish their mock exams, Dachi decides to show Hibeki a mysterious phone app called Nicaea. Nicaea is similar to Laplace from Devil Survivor. If you and a friend is registered on the Nicacea, then either of you can see the other’s death live. Nicacea prediction rate is 100 percent accurate.. . While Dachi and Hibeki were on the way home, the subway train crashes into them resulting in a new app being added to the cellphones. The cellphones ...
So this anime is based around one of my personal all time favorite jrpgs in existence chrono trigger and the story is about traveling in time in various periods to stop lavos.. . Now the art by Akira Toryiama as always is incredible and the animation it hasn't aged exactly well and i personally prefer toei's version since even then it still holds up well to this day.. . It also has voice acting too and the voice acting was servicable enough. The music as always its incredible as ever and glad to see golsvalves theme is still there.. . Yeah since its an ova ofc the pacing is ...
An apt summary is: disappointing.. . I was very excited for this film as I had really enjoyed the manga despite it's problems.. Unfortunately the film has lost a lot of nuances from the aspects that made the manga strong, frankly the film ends up as a mess that fails to decide it's thematic direction or message. A little lackluster in all aspects. While the source material was far from perfect it definitely had meaningful moments and elaborated far better on the multi-faceted relationships of the characters.. . I would not recommend this, especially for those expecting an interesting and balanced adaptation of the manga.
Forest Fairy Five is a special kind of bad one that physically hurts to look at if you have light sensitive eyes (seriously, it will hurt.). . Story: 1/10 Yeah, there’s no real plot in this show. They do form a dance team, but that doesn’t really go anywhere. Sometimes two of the fairies just stand around playing a word game.. . Sound: 1/10 Outside of the OP, which is actually not too bad, the rest of the show sounds awful most of the time, and the actresses just sound like they are having boring casual conversations.. . Animation: 1/10 The show is so bright that it can be very difficult ...
This garbage is considered a masterpiece? I honestly don’t get it. Honestly it concerns me if you like this anime. This anime is about a 12 year old boy named naota. He’s the only redeemable character in this pathetic anime. Mamimi is a 17 year old bitch who likes to latch onto naoto as way to cope with the fact that naotos brother broke up with her (take the L you bitch don’t need to sexually harass and put this shit on a 12 year old boy). She constantly rubs her body all over naoto throughout the show which is extremely uncomfortable to sit through ...
Never in the history of anime has there ever been a better case of ReviewBrah's meme: My disappointment is... immeasurable... and my day is ruined.. . You see this in its full animated glory, excited for what's sure to be a hilarious and titillating season of Debby. The trailer ends, you pump your fist in the air triumphantly and you look through the description of the video: Debby the Corsifa is Emulous - Official Manga Trailer. . It's a trailer for the manga. There is no anime planned. And we have all been blue balled.. . I have no mouth and I must scream.
This anime makes me feel incredibly sad cuz it could actually have been pretty good, the ideas are all there, but they fail miserably on the delivery.. . Every single character either loves or eventually adores the main 2, no matter what, in fact, even the characters that feel more antagonistic eventually get charmed, this is so serious that after the first time it happens you just know what you're in for.. . The "villains" and overall antagonists cannot be sided with on a sane mind, they are so 1 dimensional that they feel like "bad for the sake of being bad".. . The animation is pretty good (at least the ...
How about just dont watch this anime for your own sake someone recommended this anime was like "Sakurako-san no Ashimoto ni wa Shitai ga Umatteiru" but boy were they wrong... the plot sucked so bad that i had to warn people not to watch. This anime will get ur head scratching wtf is going... The two protagonists are somehow shut in a closed room case you would think it would be full of suspense and action but instead u get them siting on coaches talking trash with each other for God knows what reason. The mystery of the case just unfolds by itself and in ...
The film must have been damaged or something. Because it was only filled with worst possible animations, designs and sound effects. I don't know what the movie was about or why it was shot. There was only one thing I knew for sure. This young man in the suit seemed to be the main character because the movie was based entirely on him. It was so gruesome and I didn't get the point of it. But still that man kept wearing his suit and being the worst main character in the worst anime ever, through the duration of the movie. Without even realizing it... I ...
A disappointing example of wasted potential.. . What do we see in the opening sequence? A skeleton dude who smokes cigars, quaffs wine, loves good food, fears no one, and laughs with a good-natured, honest, full-bellied laughter. An exuberant character who drinks life by the gallon, who lets nothing get him down, and who is _fun_ to be with.. . What do we get in the show? Generic overpowered protagonist, who never shows his face, always eats alone, talks as generically as possible, and generally goes out of his way to *avoid* being interesting.. . The gimmick here, meant to distinguish this from other isekai, is that the hero, Arc, ...
from start to finish this anime felt kind of incomplete. the characters had zero to no quirks and i personally didn’t feel emotionally attached to any of them. the main character is also just a rip off of saiki-k but minus any intelligence and wit.. after 6 episodes i was considering dropping it but i felt as if it would be a waste of time especially as it totals up to only 15 episodes. i really regret watching til the very end; the story didn’t progress at all and felt like a flop.. . the main problem for me lies within each character. if the creators took ...
This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I wanted to watch this after seeing the goku vs janemba clip on YouTube. I thought the whole movie would be like that but no, this movie is unfunny, stupid and childish. I love dbz, I love some of the movies. But this was terrible. It feels like the target audience is 3 year old. I'm genuinely surprised most dbz fans love this movie because to me it was insultingly stupid. But then again anime fans aren't exactly known for liking high quality. This and bio broly are offensively bad and if you care ...
If you're watching DanMachi expecting a swashbuckling dungeon adventure tale or a heart-swooning harem romance, then you'll be sorely disappointed. I decided to give the show a shot since I've been on a fantasy/adventure binge lately, and the show is relatively well-known and has decent ratings. However, 3 episodes in, and I found myself hitting the pause button more than play. Ultimately, I made the hard choice to drop the show from my list, which is something I rarely ever do for one that's rated higher than 7.0 on MAL. However, I simply couldn't continue watching for two major reasons:. . 1. Lack of plot and confusing ...
To be fair, I didn't know what I was supposed to expect after being disappointed with the manga's ending. However, I still wanted to watch the movie to close the cover on this franchise because I do enjoy the franchise and characters as a whole. There is a quote that Glass Reflection says often that always sticks with me, and that is that the ending is paramount. How a series ends can heavily dictate how you will remember a franchise and your overall impressions of it.. . I can go on and on why this show does not do every quint justice in terms of romantic ...
-- Who should watch this? --. People who really like Arknights will probably really enjoy this. If you really like ambient lighting/photography, poorly written pseudo-war melodrama, AND cute gacha girl designs, this might be a perfect combination for you too. Otherwise, really not much else to be had here from a technical or especially a narrative perspective. Skip it.. . -- Review --. Damn, this show was boring.. . I'm not against gacha game adaptations on principle: I watched Takt and Fate/Babylonia, among others. They weren't amazing but they weren't terrible either. They had good animation, looked pretty, and even if the writing was terrible from ...
This is my 2nd review please excuse any mistakes or if it doesnt make much sence!! I dropped this anime after 3 episodes. It was quite boring I have to say. It doesnt have much oomph to it, it sort of just strings along and along. Theres not much development or any kind of entertaining plot over the episodes I have seen and I honestly just couldnt watch anymore. It was average it lacked entertainment. This might be your kind of thing if you like quiet slow kinds of anime the kind to just put on in the background I think this would suit well ...
Have you ever been stuck watching a harem anime and thought "Yunno, there's just one thing this anime is missing... A 12 year old boy getting repeatedly molested." than I guess this is the anime for you, but for everyone else... There's not a whole lot of reason to watch it over any other bargin bin harem anime because the plot is just so interminably boring, basic and played out. There is the occasionally good joke or scenario, I chuckled a couple of times during the time Koushi had to dress up as a girl, but by in large most of the humor falls flat ...
Bocchi the Rock! is an unserious CGDCT show that is mostly famous for having tricky animated segments that make good twitter memes, and a JUST LIKE ME protagonist! This is Bocchi za rokku! It totally rocks! I've been told many good things about this one: Firstly that its the only anime to get musicians right, and secondly that its the most unique looking anime ever. ALL TIME BABY.. . i dont like it. . While other CGDCT usually handle their characters more flippantly to focus on *other* details, Bocchi the Flop expects you to take a cast of cotton-candy-hair colored waifus wholeheartedly. They are really good characters though, with ...
Blue Thermal is an anime film that had the potential to be a standout movie, but ultimately fell short due to its weak and unengaging story. The standout elements of animation and music were not enough to compensate for the flaws in the plot and character development.. . The animation in this film was a standout aspect for me. The character designs were visually striking and the action sequences were beautifully choreographed. The use of CG appeared minimal, which helped to create a cohesive and immersive visual experience. The color palette was used effectively to bring the world of the film to life and add depth and ...
Before this was released, people were like omg chainsaw man. It ahs to be peak. My friends really said that it deserves a 10/10.Some even said it would be at the level of AOT S3 P2. So I had my expectations high for this. And guess what , it disappointed. It failed to amaze me in every aspect.. . . It is better to say the good things first so I'll start with it's good points. Now it has some uniqueness to it. So much gore in a shonen anime, that's out of what you expect. 2 or 3 episodes were good. Denji is not a trash ...
Evil exists, this is a fact .... . Children of the Whales is simply a stupide tragedy with superficial characters, seeing their friends and family killed in front of them, and they simply keep calling for peace and they do their best to not revenge, I really hate when the creators try to show that humans should not treat violence with violence, these fake morals made me want to vomit.. Protecting your beloved once is something I will consider one of the Holy morals. Being weak and uncapable of protecting your family and being happy with it should not be promoted at all.. . Of course, in our developed world ...
Lauded by many anime fans as one of the most remarkable romances ever written, I can’t help but agree: Toradora is truly remarkable. Remarkable in the sense that I can’t even begin to fathom the widespread appeal of this show, and for what conceivable reason it still withholds its place as one of the most acclaimed romances of all time nearly fifteen years after its release.. . Since getting introduced to the medium just over two years ago, I’ve seen a fair share of shows I liked and shows I didn’t like so much. But this show? An absolute one of a kind experience. Even reviewers ...
While the initial premise for this show was really interesting with a Mr. and Mrs. Smith type of story involving a spy father, an assassin mother, and a child with the ability to read minds, and how they are to live as a fake family to save the county from going to war. For the first few episodes it was really good with a lot of action, interesting spy plots, and Yor being a interesting character, which in later episodes she falls into more of just a mother figure with a slight romantic interest in Lloyd.. For me this series is basically how much you enjoy ...
I have heard that the comic for this was very popular so decided to give the anime a try. The first couple of episodes were pretty good with good intro to the characters but it soon got very unrelatable. The story is very stereotypical, every stereotype is very exaggerated like, bad looking mc everyone hates him once he is good looking ppl start liking him instantly. A lot of the plot in the story comes from misunderstanding because the characters don't speak for themselves but let the things happen to them keeping their mouth shut and then weep internally. The characters are not at all ...
Urusei!!!!!So 2nd season has ended a couple of days ago....So, let's get down to brass tax:. . . Story- Not much has change only having to see both MC's family , like Uzaki's Otosan being a bodybuilder and her okasan at the age of 40 is still hot as an 18 year old , her sister who could be a potential rival for the girl's love interest and her kid brother who could pass as a hot girl...now as for the sempai , Sakurai, we get to see that his father is younger than her mother both were Judo aficionados and still manages to have another baby in ...
0 Points, dropped it. (Unless there is something huge I'm missing that actually makes this show good, please DM me and let me know because I gave it a 3 ep test and went further ahead to 5eps on 2x speed but it was still horrifyingly bad). You can keep scrolling, or if you are curious go ahead and read my thoughts below:. . I watched up to end of episode 5. My experience is similar to most of the other reviewers in the early eps,. It starts Pre Isekai, we are introduced to the characters including the MC. Get some development, pairing up to be interesting I ...
Worst dogshit anime I've seen in a while. So basically every single character in this anime is bland and boring as they get. The MC has no personality. All we know about him is that he is a super hacker who is supposedly extremely good at the game and can solo levels and is the perfect human being in every way possible. Also, the only story in this anime is that he slowly creates his harem, in which every girl is attracted to him. And I swear every single girl looks exactly the same. There is also an incense subplot with his sister that the ...
I come from an era where "THE BIG 3" anime were the biggest hype that existed in this community. Back when watching anime was still the top nerd thing one can do. Among these anime, Naruto was easily the best, but it already started declining and the next big thing to break through was Bleach.. Bleach had everything a fighting anime needs. Good action, cohesive enough world building and most importantly a large and interesting cast. The overarching theme - a group of teenagers going up against the unfair society / stuck up adults is one that resonated with me a lot back then. However, after ...
You are mistaken if you're looking for anything remotely resembling the first season. This sequel might be the worst of any anime of all time. Why? 'Cause it hasn't adapted from the manga at all. From what I've heard, there were yet to be many interesting characters introduced into the anime. But instead, Cloverworks decided, "Hey, why not let's get the viewers a happy ending without any thought or work put into it, surely they'll just accept it." Also, the way they handled the actions of a certain white-haired individual was quite questionable. All-in-all hot trash, but if you want something to laugh at, I'd ...
Question: What the fuck happened?. . Season 1 was my anime of the year 2021. It was a deep, emotional, and nuanced exploration of human connection and if you didn't cry after the first episode I feel like there must be something wrong with you.. . So how does Season 2 build on that? Uh, Somehow by replacing all the humanity and feeling with as many horrible anime tropes as it could. Instead of supernatural being learning what it means to be human, Fushi is now a generic power of friendship shonen protagonist, and the first loli he meets, there’s more than one, is a fucking 9 year old ...
Please, don't watch the Umineko's Anime, read the visual novel instead. If you don't have enough time to read the vn (i mean, you need at least 120hs minimum), read the manga adaptation. But, really, don't watch the anime adaptation if you are interested in Umineko. There are dialogues in the anime and some changes that make impossible to solve the mistery. Don't ruin your experience, read the novel or manga please. Also, there's only the first half of the story adapted.. . Umineko no Naku Koro Ni is the best story written by Ryukishi07, this anime adaptation doesn't do justice to it.. . If you came from Higurashi ...
I um, I. Huh. I'm just sort of speechless. Well, not really, but it's more like information overload. So many pieces, so much stuff in terms of direction, in terms of animation, in terms of flow. Just so... much. Anime of The Year. The crowning achievement of Cloverworks as a studio. The pinnacle of creativity in modern media. Is there really anything else you can say about what it does? I feel like I could spend thousands of words diving into everything that this episode does. Hell, even just the cold open with Nijika and Kita I could spend forever going over. The carefully planned ...
Imortant points:. . -Not an Isekai (the story goes - The gods took a soul from another world, wiped his memories and made him into a sword. If you remove the "another world" part, everything stays exactly the same because his memories were wiped clean anyway). - No fanservice, harem, echhi. At all. Fans of aforementioned genres should skip the title and head to the garbage dump where they belong.. - Generic RPG fantasy world - elfs, gnomes, magic, skills, classes etc.. - Extremely poor/dumb/lazy writing. The worldbuilding, characters, motivations, dialogue, well... everything really is just dumb.. The core ideas are not bad, their execution is.. - It ...
I may pick this up again and force myself to watch the other 5 episodes at a later date, but after watching the 3 original seasons of the show, episode one of this Netflix continuation was such a downgrade that I can't bring myself to watch any more right now. It feels like the writers for this season just fundamentally misunderstood what was so great about Saiki as a character, and the show he exists in. Throughout the first 3 seasons there's a very subtle progression of plot and characters atypical of a gag comedy. Saiki begins to understand that he does in fact value ...
The anime has an overreliance on CGI, though it's fortunately passable, but loses some marks due to bad CG messing with immersion with sudden quality changes in how things are animated.. . As far as the plot goes, it start out strong in the first two episodes, then drops off a cliff. Episode 6, for example, could be completely cut from the series without anyone except those who read the source material noticing. The anime does somewhat "redeem" itself in the final 3 episodes, although two of them are basically just a training montage. Still, it's not nearly enough to pull a season that's ...
Mediocre at best, infuriatingly awful at worst.. . This show combines the worst romance harem tropes and throws them all together into a fuckfest of stupidity.. . Dense stupid MC that doesn’t have a spine? Check. Excessive fan service that doesn’t add shit to the story or characters? Check. Perfect childhood friend who obviously is going to lose? Check. I can go on but I don’t want to.. . Only thing I can say is that it’s easy trash to watch while you’re eating or need to something to binge. Don’t expect any actual good plot or dialogue, just boobs, misunderstandings galore, and butts.
the opening is good that's why i rate the anime a 4/10 .. thanks to mafumafu for the song ♥ and mappa why u guys made this horribly bad anime ? :'( .. the story is bad wtf a random girl want to kill some big monsters that were gods one day with a shotgun xD .. characters are bad ,voice actors are pretty good but their characters in this anime made them look bad .... the animation is mid ,mappa did well actually in many anime ,we've seen the studio's credibility ,i think this anime wasn't supposed to be a success in mappa's predictions .. yeah ! ,i did ...
OKAY here we go. . 1. this suck but that's not all! the yuri part was okay too me. it seemed normal but later on it was getting weird, that they would always talk about the "yuri" girl and then be like "i still like you tho". . 2. the MLM shit.. gay ppl always get attacked for being "Groomers" AND the story feels like they're trying to prove that.. it's really weird and gross and i don't know if they thinks it's okay but that man NEEDS to go to jail.. . 3. in the u.s kids in 5th grade learn about sex. i do think it's normal for ...
I’m a lover of psychological, dark anime. If you are too, you probably have had Terror in Resonance recommended to you countless times. I finally got around to watching it, and I have to say I have no clue how fellow fans of Death Note, Monster, Code Geass, Paranoia Agent, and more, could EVER see this as even an average anime. Let me explain.. . Story - 3. I don’t really know what to review here because this anime doesn’t really have a story. Sure, we follow the terrorists and the police as new bomb threats are made. But none of this seems to actually be leading ...
Talentless Nana is kind of like Light Yagami from Death Note getting put into a Danganronpa and My Hero Academia world. But it’s just not nearly as strong as Death Note.. . Story - 7. . The story is unique, and the episodes are very exciting. There are lots of cliff hangers done well. There were tons of times were I genuinely didn’t know how Nana was going to accomplish her next task (being a little vague as to not spoil anything). However, the story slows down and looses suspense in the second half. There is more focus on the backstories of characters which frankly, I didn’t care ...
I'm not mad, just disappointed.. . I will give it this, this show certainly knows its marketing. First, it introduces itself as so generic and cliche a harem anime that people will actually end up checking it out if the studio is really going to invest an original anime on this. Then halfway through it brings in the plot twist so that a new set of viewers will be released into the wild, grabbing passing people, shaking them and screaming, "Guys don't give up, this changes everything!". . But what matters in the end is the entire product. Does this show feel complete in its story and characters, and ...
Let me make this clear. the animation and art is perfectly fine, very standard for anime and frankly, I don't believe that with how messy, and poorly planned out and thought out the source clearly was, it deserved anything better. No, the fault is definitely in the story as set by the source material.. . Frankly, I don't give a damn about a bunch of nobodies with an obnoxious attitude, or about just about any characters in this season of the show... save Levi. (And maybe Armin, and a bunch of dead characters, but...) That was why I kept watching, but it seemed the story seemed ...
Renai Flops flopped. To be totally fair to the anime, I think that after the twist happened, the anime improved a little bit, but it felt like such a drag to get to that point. The first 7 or 8 episodes were genuinely hard to watch as it was just a generic harem with no substance, and of course, you do learn eventually why all the girls were attracted to him in the first place, but even after their stories conclude they all seemed so one dimensional. While it's not all bad, as I do think the ending was pretty decent, and the stuff with ...
Yes, I know what you're thinking: Is ASMR short-form anime going to be more prevalent from here on out? My answer to you: NO. Please do not expect much.. . Hot on the heels of the last ASMR anime produced that lead the pack i.e. 180-byou de Kimi no Mimi wo Shiawase ni Dekiru ka? a.k.a "Can I Make Your Ears Happy in 180 Seconds?" that aired last Fall, the same staff team is back to bring us yet another ASMR anime...that I don't know what they were thinking, but for such a standard as this, this was ANYTHING BUT ASMR.. . If anything, just like 180-byou, the Yuri ...
Dang... I honestly never thought I was going to give a 1 mark to an anime. This one caught me by surprise.. . I finished Domestig Girlfriend like two years ago or something like that, when I was on the wave of watching one shoujo anime per day. I must confess, it had me cringing and being like "WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON?!" while watching it.... Like, in my opinion, there's no character development, and I'm just off with this "teacher-student romance drama" stuff so that's maybe one of the reasons that this anime never came to my liking.. . If you like this kind of drama, ...
I don't really understand the appeal of this show. Throughout my watching of it, the whole thing just felt bland and uninspired in every aspect of it.. . Nothing about the animation or artstyle ever grabbed my attention. Even though all of the characters have okay designs that should have felt unique, they just felt soulless because of the specific style.. . I could've excused all of that as long as the story made up for it but it really didn't. The show is split up into 4 parts [Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter] that all feel the exact same.. . Every part tries to do character drama, but ...
Let's turn a perfectly good gamer cat lover into a broodmare for the future of Japan by altering the minds and lives of surrounding boys.. . Not only is this show's whole concept about "increasing birth rates", it is focused on someone who shouldn't be looking at having children at their age.. . Its only redeeming qualities is that none of the characters are overly or overtly sexualized, and the visual style is nice.. . I suggest you skip this one. It is a very uncomfortable anime to watch because of the subject matters. If you don't mind stories that encourage the kidnapping of cats and child abandonment, this show might ...
PARTIAL (11/24) NOT completed, but for some reason I couldn't post a review without saying so. . Some shows are great from beginning to end, over many seasons and OVAs and movies etc while other aren't and there are some that just fall apart after only part way through and should have gone final long before the end.. . SnS Final should have gone Final before reaching "Final.". . The first season was fantastic to me and I could hardly wait for season 2. All but the last 5 or so episodes were really worth much of anything.. . Then, we reach this. This is a huge disappointment and I'm not going ...
I saw 1 reviewer criticized negative reviews of this film because those people having 0 experience in "playing a sport at the highest level"? HAHAHAHA, I am a retired semi-pro E-sport player back in 2012-2016, and my role was something similar to a striker in Football.. . And I can tell you that this anime is absolute dogshit for promoting selfish behavior in a sport, as I had a similar attitude of how to become the best in my game is being selfish but it's all wrong the more I play the game. I used to be somewhat of a genius in my game with ...
My Dress-Up Darling is an average 'feel good' rom-com with good animation and a decent background score. Almost all the characters are totally unrealistic except for Gojo who stands for all introverts who are afraid to speak of their interests. The main theme of the show is a good one - valuing and respecting others interests but the useless fanservice-humor devalues the main theme.. The one thing that stands out in the show is that Gojo and Marin actually have a reason to like each other and are not just attracted to each other (although I am very disappointed with the fanservice which seriously destroyed ...
Noumin Kanren no Skill bakka Agetetara Nazeka Tsuyku Natta..... . I never give anime a 5 or below... it really is unusual for me to not like an anime and watch it past the first three episodes. This show's plot has potential, but the poor execution and total deviation from what you would expect or hope for ruins the soul of the show. I am willing to turn off my suspicions, doubts, disbeliefs, and even shut off my logical thinking when I watch an anime and I like some really terrible shows just as much as the all-time greats... but this show is just URGH. If they ...
First off the animation looks great and the fight scenes looked pretty badass. Almost everything else though.. I did not enjoy.. . Denji is probably the worst mc I have ever seen in an anime. He has no charisma whatsoever. He is not an endearing character we want to protect because of his bad life until the point the story starts. For that to happen he would have to be a better person with a good heart, which clearly isn't the case here. He also isn't a very funny or inspiring character that we enjoy to see because he is amusing or makes us want to ...
I said I completed it, but I lied I couldn't finish the last episode.. . I am going to start off with the fact that I am a manga reader, and I did not like the manga in the end, but I was still enjoying it at this point in the story in the anime. I had higher hopes with the anime given that it was shown to be a high budget project with amazing animation, but the last episode was giving me Berserk flash backs so I noped out of there. I'm not going to go into details about it, but at it's core the story ...
Shingeki no Kyojin Season 3 - 5s Across the board.... For F--k Sake.... The only scene I liked was the last scene after the credits and even then, it still had no payoff, just like most of this season. Its like hey, you wanna see cool shit? Alright! Wait until next season to see that cool shit! Cause all you get now is build up for it!. . Story -- 5;. With nothing but politics this entire third season and for some reason fannys, and I don't use that term lightly, thinking its great for reasons unknown. Simple things amuse simple minds I suppose. Which is why attack on ...
To those that saying this is for entry-level anime or generic is making me laugh my ass off. DON'T REVIEW if you only watch like what? 3episodes?? What did you expect? All of the story and mystery to be fold in the first episode? Like hell it does, the story start at episode 7. I'm trying not to spoil anything but if you have watch "Kanojo ga flag wo oraretara" the plot twist is exactly like that which I personally hate.. . Like damn, I knew something was wrong when everyone suddenly loves the MC and not telling the reason. Red hair girl is the best girl, ...
I saw this based solely on the cover image and god tf did I just watch?..kept waiting for the cops to arrest the ugly fat pedo main character Koshiro (but that never happens in Japan, does it?). In short, child sexual grooming, incest, and pedophilia glorified to look like some aesthetic SoL romance. His co-worker man is a kid diddler too whos always dreaming of incest and having s*x with high school girls. the other co-worker Chidori is the only sane (ofcourse it's a woman) in the show who somehow doesn't report this shit to the police even after knowing the truth in the end. ...
like it or not chainsaw man is one of the most hyped and waited-for animes and undoubtedly the biggest anime this year with over 500k people having it on their list before it even begins and about a million at its end in just 3 months.. I didn't read the manga but for the last 2 years, I heard that the anime is gonna change the shounen anime definition, but did it deliver what I hoped. of course not it was the biggest disappointment, and from what I saw that some of the manga readers were disappointed either from the heavy use of CGI or the ...
I usually write reviews when I am either super impressed or super disappointed. In the case of 'Kage no Jitsuryokusha ni Naritakute!' it's the former. I guess I should start by saying that I am a huge Isekai fan, mainly due to the another-world fantasy theme. You could say I have watched almost every isekai anime and have read a lot of similarly themed light novels, mangas and manhwas.. The anime starts very strong, at least for me. The character is introduced as quite cunning and cruel (both to himself and others), someone with big ambitions who trained all their life to get stronger, yet only ...
Imagine this. You are about to watch a series sold as a hectic action with unexpected twists and chaotic energy. You are about to watch a series that has been declared revolutionary in its genre, a series that manipulated tropes to create something unique and distinguishable. Captivating, emotional, intelligent, entertaining, juvenile. Then, when you are about to watch the show, you see a fraudulent cinematic attempt with a disgusting production, a derivative storyline, and pathetic comedic timing. Yes, this happened. Yes, this is Chainsaw Man.. . Chainsoy Man is a story about a guy who comes from poverty and needs to learn how to adapt to the ...
The story was never that terribly engaging, though something about it kept me ... until I hit episode 4. The terrible CGI boss was even worse than any of the previous CGI and totally ruined the episode.. There was obviously supposed to be a lot of danger, but because the fight pacing was atrocious, and the music was boring and generic and made the already boring fight worse. I'll give it one or two more episodes to redeem itself, but I don't think I'm going to stick with it.. . 3/10 - Story starts off mediocre and drops sharply the further you get in. ...
Chainsaw man is the fulfilment of shonen, the zenith of the medium, the apex of creativity…. At least that’s what you thought I’d say, right? In reality, chainsaw man is nothing more than a cheap gimmicky shonen that plays on the horniness of teenaged males, relies on shock value and uses flashy animation to make people overlook the mediocre plot.. . For the past 2.5 years now, I’ve heard nothing but incessant hype from CSM stans on twitter and Reddit about how this series is so peak and so gas etc etc., and like most of the things these kids hype up these days, this was overblown. ...
If I had to describe the second season in comparison to the first, I would call it "tame".. . But even calling it that, just know that I'm sugar-coating it; even dog shit can be dressed with icing and sprinkles. :). . If you NEED more Shield Hero, then here you go. For everyone else, go watch something better.. . Story? Generic.. Art Style? Sub-par.. Characters? Barely.. . ...
If there's any accurate name for this Anime, it should be A Simp Life. Really cringy, really disgraceful MC, and Story is -10 due to its unrealistic way exaggerated events.. . I've never reviewed any anime so far but this one gets under my skin!. . Kanajo okarishimasu has been portrayed with no different than a simp paying for Onlyfan girls in real life. I decided to watch this because of the anime name expecting some deep conversations or average convo at the very least. This one is really cringey, irritating & superficial.. . The simping was taken seriously to contribute to the story, not in a comedy way but ...
So what is there to say about Peter Grill... not much to be honest, so here is my opinion on this show.. . This is my first review, but I felt like I had to put my opinion out there.. . Story/plot: 2. So the plot of Peter Grill is that he is the strongest man in the world in love with a woman that is immature and has daddy issues. So all he wants is to be with the main heroin but instead other women want to ride him. The plot wants to set up a funny setting but tbh. it dos not succeed. Even the end is ...
This is a show that thinks that it's deep because it has commentary on the social relations of people in society.. In reality, it's not deep and has generic and unlikable characters. Sure, some of the story is good but the problem is that whenever you start to enjoy the series, something puts a bad taste in your mouth.. Whether it's the homo trap character, some character going out of their way to badmouth the mc, fanservice, the little sister character, or the yaoi fangirl, there's definitely something to sour the mood for everyone.. Oregairu has the bones to be great, and because of that, it ...
Boruto the nerf generator.. pls make a good story in boruto. And why the filler is too much. . Boruto the nerf generator.. pls make a good story in boruto. And why the filler is too much. . Boruto the nerf generator.. pls make a good story in boruto. And why the filler is too much. . Boruto the nerf generator.. ...
I started this show in 5th grade and now I'm a high schooler, I kept watching because it had some nice memories from when I was younger but after episode 213 I'm finally dropping the show. (the donghua has 240 episodes as of now but the site seems to have it as out of 26). . the episodes are getting shorter and shorter, its becoming really tiring and no longer an enjoyable experience which is really upsetting considering how much I loved it as a kid. After about the first 100 episodes, it started to feel like a chore and by now the story feels pointless and ...
Kimetsu no Yaiba and its movie were loveable. They both had a couple issues here and there but I and my family enjoyed it.. . This - second/third/whatever the hell - season dissapointed us.. . Tengen Uzui was not as cool as we were hoping he would be. He put up a boring fight. His wives were creepy, they each had one of the teen boys' personalities and their outfits weren't creative, looked very cheap.. . The teen boys are quickly losing their charm. They are each defying too many odds to root for them. It is painstakingly obvious none of them will die or retire from fighting.. . Nezuko wasn't too ...
Re;zero WAS, sorta, this show with some great qualities, action, growth, evil witches, despair, loss of hope, but also rebirth of. hope. All that good mumbo jumbo gumbo and what not.. But now its a harem with friends instead of waifus.. If you asked me if I wanted to re-watch this show I'd tell you that I'd re-watch it re-zero times!. The conversations in this show are so cheesingly overly complicatedly bad and shamelessly written that the very love interest of. suburu himself, who is Amelia thinks that babies come from kissing each other. - This is a great analogy for every other shallow. conversation that takes place. - Also that ...
MUSIC: 3 - mediocre at best. At least it’s realistic. Most music isn’t that great. It’s very much giving America’s Got Talent sad girls sing an uninspired song about their troubles.. . CHARACTERS: 5 - so far, the characters are cute but they’re very basic and I wish there was more to them.. . WORLD BUILDING: 4 - I keep forgetting they’re on mars. The AI doesn’t make sense. It doesn’t actually feel futuristic at all. I think they were just trying to make the show more interesting with an artificial gimmick.. . STORY: 4 - it is so horrifyingly average. I can’t even describe the story. It’s basically a can ...
God awful. Just God awful.. . "The Greatest Demon Lord is Reborn as a Typical Nobody" is yet again another example of how isekai, women entranced to the MC, and that MC being overpowered has been tried over and over again with little to no success of being even half decent. Genuinely one of the most barren genres in terms of a good watch over recent years, in my opinion.. . . The animation is something like what you'd imagine being seen in Peppa Pig or Hello Kitty in all honesty. They barely tried with the animation, which I imagine is either due to a lack of funding for good ...
I really interested when saw the trailer. I'm be like 'this anime gonna be lit'. It good at 1-3 episode, and it got worse and worse after that. The fight scene is good but the story line kinda boring. My expectations really high. I wait for last episode and hoping it will change my opinion. And see what, destroy my mood and wasting time. Not recommended. This anime like to talk so much and it not really fit with story line. Btw I love episode 1. I give 10/10 for episode 1. Not for other episode. Art style really good. Story too boring. Not enjoyable. ...
What is this? I've never watched something so awful. I really feel like throwing up. Don't watch this.. . There's no story, not really. And I feel like the creators wanted to use cannib*lism as something erotic. It definitely gives you mixed feelings since you can't help but feel like is something that has to appeal you, but yet you feel like throwing up. The only good thing is that every episode last 4 minutes only. *Thank God*. . I will not recommend this, but if you feel like you want to be traumatized; go ahead. This is definitely for you. Watch under your own responsibility lol.
Good drama, but alot to be desired.. . So it's pretty much gyaru tries to cuck her school mate into helping her try to get the chad ish kind of guy while her school friend likes another more normal girl. I won't say the rest as it would count as spoilers but you get my drift.. . The story itself is more of a VERY situational rom kind of com slice of life where the school has a dumb programme where students at random have to be paired up with another of the opposite sex. If you have any knowledge of the real world you can see how ...
Please just don't bother.. . The show in itself is really really good IF you ignore the existence of this special.. . Half the Special is basically a TLDR of the entire show and the other half takes a decent ending anime and walks all over it in an attempt to leave the door open for a secound season I guess.. . It all just feels like an afterthought and is not worth 46 Minutes of your time if you have seen the show.. . Really there isn't anything more to say in 23 Minutes you grow to dislike many of the Characters you grew to love over the 12 previous episodes, you ...
(Texto em PT/BR no final). . Fuufu Ijou, Koibito Miman is a typical romantic comedy with a basic love polygon, but presenting the differential of already putting couples together from the beginning, thus allowing the romance and the affective interaction between the characters to be developed from the beginning, making it part of the story and not just a conclusion. The visual style of the work also stands out for talking to Akari's personality, more cheerful and exuberant, but that was just a possibility, after all, the work preferred to be concerned with other types of interaction and in other parts of Akari.. . To begin with, the initial ...
I am minimally curious about how enjoyable this “marriage practical” thing would be if it actually was a real thing in real life. Things would be spicy in school, the tea would be spilling nonstop, and it would genuinely be really entertaining to watch the gong show unfold. Sadly, in this anime, this “spicy” premise of the marriage practical felt merely like a farce, and didn’t contribute much to the story other than the first few episodes. After that, it turned into a very generic romcom, but so, so frustrating to watch. Time after time I find myself pausing the episode just to facepalm and ...
To think this series is this season's Rent-A-Girlfriend (in the form of a school compulsory subject) and/or Osamake (but only this time it's obvious the childhood friend isn't gonna win in this ridiculous love square she's in) has made me believe this is one of the worst rom-coms I've ever watched within this medium type.. . Regardless of whether this should be in your Trainwreck/Dumpster Fire watchlist, this anime adaptation has a mixed bag of straightforward cringe, 90% of romance elements being predictable, romanticizing gender stereotypes, outdated tropes of each major character and unnecessary melodramatic clichés in the form of misunderstandings caused by a dystopian concept where ...
Spy X Family sadly became the most overhyped and most disappointing anime of the entire year. Even as someone who has caught up to the manga, I can assure you don't expect to be be pleasantly surprised later on. This review will contain minimal spoilers.. . What promised to be a hilarious comedy ended up being dry and full of cliches. Ultimately the praise and hype it got in spring ended up resulting to nothing. This is kind of what happens when the mainstream media overhypes a show to such a degree, people can no longer form opinions on their own and we are forced to accept ...
I'm 24 years old and i am a huge fan of inazuma eleven, have been watching it ever since primary school. I'm gonna give my most honest review of this series, plz excuse for my poor english.. . Overall: it is just disappointing, only watching this show because of nostalgia. Here is the reason.. . Plot: 1/10. This series turns from football to psychological warfare, instead of kicking football, people trying to hurt each other on the field in almost, if not every matches. Most importantly, the show aint focusing on the football match. The most confusing thing is they take out gouenji in the first match.....first match! ...
This is what you get when you order Rising of the Shield Hero on wish.com.. My god this was boring... I was shortly hopeful that there not being a reincarnation would be a positive indicator, but alas... Story? 0. Writing? 0. Originality? 0. Entertainment? 0. The animation being "okay" and the music being pretty good is what might've saved it from being as bad as some other garbage like "Reincarnated with my smartphone" or whatever the hell it's called, but that was a true low imo.. This one isn't too far off though, the interactions and story are so unbelievably boring and predictive that there isn't even really any point in watching ...
I’m sure that if you’ve been watching anime for years, and you’ve seen this one anime that just sucks badly. Well, welcome to another of these anime, but this time it’s a beast tamer that gets all sorts of cute girls. The tamer that gets to tame all sorts of ultimate species. One whose breasts are big (and her panties that are literally showing, one who’s a cat, and much more. And of course, expect sexualisation! Like that one time they all went into hot springs and were straight up naked.. . Story? Effortless. A beast tamer gets kicked out of the hero’s party, and suddenly encounters ...
Tamako Market begins very rough, with all of the first half, and a little bit more, being bad and unenjoyable, and by the end does manage to evolve into being somewhat enjoyable, functionally becoming a subpar K-ON - it fails to really meet any reason for existence, when everything makes it so painfully clear that it tries to do what K-ON! does, and fails at it.. . Primarily, the show introduces things that it fails to properly utilise, which is the main cause of its failing. The main trio of girls - Tamako, Kanna, and Midori - have some immediate chemistry and charm together, but are rarely ...
What a disappointment this was... All I can think about is how much the concept and the art went to waste.... When it started, the anime looked very nice: colourful, vibrant, lots of attention to detail and the characters seemed interesting. Emphasis on 'seemed'. As it progressed, my excitement diminished drastically. The action/fights were subpar, the pacing did not make sense, the power structure had no consistency throughout the anime and the whole thing felt very rushed. The narrative was all over the place. Too many places, timelines and characters for only 12 episodes. As for the ending... it was very predictable and sort of made ...
This is the most overrated show in history on top of that its fans are the most toxic ones. According to them this piece of lame shit is better than any anime in existence.. Art: good. Characters: very one dimensional yor is there for nothing but to show her dumbness, Anya with her annoying faces and she is pretty useless in everything and loid only interesting character yet too dumb to understand anya and yor are not normal.. Comedy in this show is very repetitive only making funny faces is the way of it yet again which is not funny at all.. This season is ass I mean seriously ...
Banished From the Hero's Party? Oh please, I'd rather choose to watch the show featuring Red and Rit. But otherwise, let's face it: this show is only pure waifu bait, because it's just an unintended harem being intentionally layered as a action fantasy show of sorts.. . Just like with the whole Isekai Otome Game fantasy shtick, the idea of getting booted out from the Hero's Party and making a new life out of it feels just as fresh as when the sub-genre started, such as the case with last Fall's Shin no Nakama, which was one of the best adapted LNs of last year, and a ...
Beast Tamer, or Kicked Out of the Hero's Party, the Beast Tamer Meets the Ultimate Catgirl, is probably the worst fantasy anime I have ever watched. There is no depth of character writing, nuance to any of the story telling, and all of the characters speak their mind clear as day just in case you were too dumb to misunderstand.. Rein Shroud, after being fired by the Hero, becomes an adventurer and begins his journey and ends up running into multiple "Ultimate Species" along the way. All the cute girls he adds to his harem are two-dimensional tropes (Deredere, Tsundere, etc.) and will praise Rein to ...
*Spoilers in a marked section*. . Sorry but not sorry. This is the most disappointing thing I’ve ever seen.. . This anime is suffering from an identity crisis. You never know what the heck is the point or trying to show. Based on the poster, it’s obvious what’s about to happen. If you will compare the posters between the two parts, you will see the obvious difference. From an “amazing looking spy” show to a gag filler sitcom from OVAs.. . “Spy x Family is perfectly blended with action and come—”. . Cut that crap already!. . I’ll keep this review short and to the point because no one thing in this show is worth ...
Spy x Family is a beautiful anime isn’t it? It is a series about a spy in a mission for peace and he needs to get a (fake) family, all of which have their special quirk which they try to hide from the others, all the while trying to have a stable façade. It presents us with an episodic series which showcases us the difficulties and the beauty of having a family. Now, if I say this is a beautiful anime then why the low score? Well, the answer is easy, the series fails at developing these ideas in an interesting way or in a ...
5/10. Welcome to denial, the anime.. I am indeed just a beast tamer who is not powerful.. I am certainly not a harem protagonist without 5 love interests.. I am certainly not going to asspull another win right here.. . You get the drill, we got another humble boi, rein who is anything but the above. gets girls, kicks ass, beats but spares bad guys, and tries to convert them to Nakama religion.. . Well, it is relatively straightforward what this is then, Standard power fantasy with lots of softcore fanservice, and damn does it deliver quite well. rein is the most self-insertable character ever, an OP protag who thinks he is ...
At least the VN tried to have a good story (and party succeeded with Nemu’s story, even though the rest sucked). . What is this mess? Why did they bother changing the plot and sequence of events to make it worse?. . If you like shocking h-scenes with graphic and depraved kinks, just read the VN. The h art is better, the scenes are way more detailed and graphic, etc etc, you’ll even get a few good story/character scenes sprinkled in.. . This OVA is just the VN but much worse, there’s literally no reason to watch this.. . But Euphoria as a whole is carried by the “shock factor”, it’s lacking in ...
BAD Studio or BAD Director. Simple Story, But it leans towards being a little more interesting.. Maybe manga is good but unlucky to get a bad studio to make an anime.. . I saw that the anime had an interesting plot early on. This is probably the easiest part to present. But when entering the narrative whole fight scene including cutting scenes to tell the story of each scene I think they did very badly.. . Surprisingly, the content is still interesting. But the presented anime image is doing poorly in many scenes, I understand what it means. I understand the content presented, but the graphics and presentation sequence are very ...
"THE GREATEST DEMON LORD IS REBORN AS A TYPICAL NOBODY". . Genre- Action, Magic, Super Power, Fantasy, Harem, School.. . Sometimes you need someone the most but because of the power/status that you have, you often fail to make friends in your life. You constantly wish for times when you could share your deepest thoughts with someone but then again looking back at everything that has happened you realize that you are the only one to take care of yourself, as involving others in your life may damage their own sanity.. . Varvatos is someone who fits the same description, having lost in life by not protecting his loved one, he ...
After the surprising depth and satisfying conclusion to the original "Mobile Suit Gundam," I was riding high on Mecha Fever, buying my first two Gunpla models and excited to consume more of this landmark anime franchise. Hearing good things about "Zeta Gundam" and eager to see how this universe could be even better fleshed out than the good yet quite flawed original series (which I practically binged from start to finish!) I went into "Zeta" expecting great things!. . But it turns out that even in the eighties, people should have been wary when a company wanted to turn a popular series into a genuine franchise. "Mobile ...
TLDR:. Story: 2. Art: 5. Character: 1. Enjoyment: 2. Overall: 3. . This is a very obvious fetish anime. Can't say I'm surprised, but definitely disappointed. The whole plot is summarized in the anime name; a perverted old man dies by getting hit by a car and is reincarnated as different things these teenage girls use. Some of the most questionable items being a bicycle seat and a pacifier.. . For a show revolving around ASMR, there's hardly any scenes involving it. The scenes that do have ASMR are dampened by loud voices and have maybe 10 seconds of silence, being generous with an estimate. Despite the episodes being a staggeringly short 3 ...
People criticize this anime a lot for its animation, I think it's extremely forgettable and barely acceptable, others its intro and ending. Although I admit that the action scenes and fights are highly objectionable, they are not well done. But for me personally, the story is what disappoints me. I haven't read the manga, but I saw several people cheering and commenting how great it was to see the story adapted. Naturally, I wanted to see it as soon as it came out, and the first chapters are entertaining, the rest is boring, as if the story just wanted to expand without contributing something ...
I'll keep it brief. This anime is okay.. . CHARACTERS = 5/10. . The two MC's in this anime, Raidou-kun and Aharen-san, are somewhat likable. If you like small, quiet, cute girls, then Aharen-san is the character for you. The MC's pretty much stick to their initial characterizations and don't show a lot of variety in who they are. While I understand this anime is not to be taken too seriously, it leads to the MC's becoming somewhat boring/repetitive in their interactions with each other. There are other simplistic characters introduced who provide some additional comic relief to the show, but even then they pull the same joke over ...
Legend of Mana is an amazing video game. However it is also a very unconventional game, where instead of following a linear story, it consists of multiple unrelated side quests that you complete in a mostly non-linear order. Eventually some of these side quests start to form into three distinct branches: the Jumi arc, the Faerie arc and the Dragon arc, and these three arcs form the core of the game's story.. . When the anime was announced I couldn't help but wonder, how on earth are they going to turn such a non-linear game into an anime? I love Legend of Mana's story for its non-linearity ...
It is Shokugeki no Soma for football, but worse in every way possible. Author has no idea what football is, or how it is played.. Story is about as unique as emtpy paper.. Art style is somewhat passable, if viewer can tolerate horrible story and characters.. I’ve seen more character in expired milk, than in this series.. If you know ANYTHING about football, it will be trip to cringe town with no brakes.. Now, the question is, is there anything enjoyable about this series? No. Music is horrible, dialogue was written by AI by giving words “goku, football, champions, football player”.
I have a deep respect for Satoshi Mizukami. You might know the famed mangaka from some of his well-known unorthodox works like Spirit Circle, Planet With, and now Hoshi no Samidare a.k.a Lucifer and the Biscuit Hammer, arguably his first work that ever got any traction back in the mid-2000s, seralizing between 2005 to 2010 and spanning 65 chapters throughout 10 volumes. However, for every good thing that happens in life, there is one bad apple, and that's finding people to actually create anime adaptations of his works, which for the most part, he got the short end of the stick.. . Similar to Planet With, Hoshi ...
Truly a missed opportunity. A beloved manga finally got an anime adaptation, and while the story was genuinely very solid, the show was hampered by one of the poorest productions this year, with soulless visuals and terrible CG. With even average production, I believe this could have been one of my favourites of the year, and while animation isn’t the thing I find most important when watching something, when it’s abhorrently bad, it ruins the whole experience.. . STORY:. . What frustrated me the most when I was watching this was that the plot was very decent, but because of the poor production, it was hard to find anything ...
This anime is so utterly without merit it made me write my first review.. . It's not especially bad as such, it's just so hopelessly cliche and and the story is so straightforward it could have been written by AI, except that AI would probably have done a better job. Predictable at every turn, but without anything to make it stand out and feel different or unique. The main protagonists are both cookie-cutter anime tropes, likeable but indistinguishable from any other protagonists in similar stories.. . And yet I can't justify giving it a score any lower than 4. It's so middle of the road, so safe, so "seen ...
This plot isn't explained very well, there's so much information left out, the story build up in the beginning was really good then about half way through I don't know what the hell happened. I would say out of all characters the most interesting ones were the chipmunk (no joke) and Xianyi Li, everyone else just lacked any sort of personality. The art & design were good, the character voices were good, the animation wasn't the greatest, the characters were bland, lastly there is literally no story here, I can't even tell you what it's trying to be other than a bad comedy.
As far as I'm concerned—this sequel doesn't exist.. . I enjoyed the original B: The Beginning. The ending was okay. They didn't need to make this. It was initially supposed to be a twelve-episode-long sequel, but they trimmed it down to six—at the expense of a coherent story. B was never a tightly written masterpiece, but it was watchable. B: The Beginning Succession is illogical, stupid, boring, and it has a terrible title. Why didn't they call it B: The End? Or B: The Second?!. . While watching this sequel, I felt like no one cared. No one cared about the continuity of the show. The action scenes make ...
I consider myself a very patient person. It takes a lot to get under my skin. Even when I watch bad anime, I still enjoy riffing on the flaws.. . Josee, the Tiger and the Fish managed to irritate me. Trying to finish it was like waiting at the end of a school day, watching the clock tick tick tick… I constantly paused to take in the frustrating decisions the characters made, then brace myself for more melodrama. The protagonist, Tsuneo, is a lot like me. Maybe that's why I had such a strong reaction to it. We're both 22-year-old guys planning to study abroad, working a ...
I get it, Recovery of an MMO Junkie is cute and all, but is that really enough to overlook the generic and cliched writing? The conflict is entirely caused by misunderstandings. The characters are shallow and the protagonist is an unrealistic interpretation of a NEET.. . Moriko Morioka is a 30-something business dropout who has chosen to become a self-proclaimed "NEET" and plays games all day instead of working. Why did she choose this life? She felt like it, despite being good at her job she opted to throw it away playing video games instead… Don’t expect to understand what motivates the characters because their only reason ...
TRIGGER WARNING: SEXUAL ASSAULT. . Skeleton Knight in Another World is another shitty Overlord clone with an added creep factor. All of the villains are sadistic rapists and murderers. From the first minute to the last episode, the excessive sexual assault scenes are drawn like sexy fanservice and framed as titillation for men. It's disgusting, awful, and uncomfortable to watch because it is grotesquely fetishistic and does nothing but remind you the creators don't care about victims. Anime is infamous for sexualizing rape to appeal to the lowest common denominator rather than portraying it as it is; a brutal life-altering crime.. . "But it's entertainment" no, it's creepy, and ...
I owe you all an apology.. . My first review of Komi Can’t Communicate did not do it the justice it deserves. I did not address what was distinctly wrong with Komi.. . What’s wrong with Komi-san? Shallow characterization aside, her problem is that she is afflicted by severe social anxiety, and no one takes that seriously. Every episode begins the same; the narrator will cut in to tell us “what a communication disorder is.” Their definition is “Communication disorders cause difficulties in communicating with others.” If that reads like gibberish, it is. They’ve not researched mental disorders for a show that preaches about anxiety and in turn created ...
A remarkable display of incompetence in animation and writing—Tomodachi Game is a pathetic example of everything wrong with psychological anime today.. . The first sign that something is horribly wrong is the introduction of the main characters. Each one has a freeze-frame to display their name at the start. When you think the writing couldn't get any lazier, they add a synopsis of their personality, weaknesses, and relationships. I wouldn't be watching the show if I wanted to read a wiki page.. . The main cast is a group of five archetypal high school friends; three angsty guys and two girls defined by trauma. The girls are utilized for ...
Everything about Shokei Shoujo no Virgin Road screams comically bad pseudo-deep isekai to me. An anime that aired last year even did the so-called first episode twist better. Yet, the overall reaction kept saying subversive thriller. It's like Re:Zero, if Re:Zero was cheaper, blander, and lacking any depth.. . The English title, The Executioner and Her Way of Life, refers to Menou, the female assassin protagonist, who speaks every line like she's a caricature of a lone wolf killer. Her introduction is agonizingly cliche: A mysterious organization recruits a child to assassinate superpowered teenagers. After witnessing the traumatizing impacts of their powers, she vows to prevent history ...
"Be careful what you wish for.". . Higurashi Gou and Sotsu are exactly what people mean when they say that phrase. I love Higurashi, but admittedly the original adaptation has aged poorly. I always wanted to see one of my favorite stories remade. And now that it finally has gotten a reboot, I wish it hadn't been.. . Over a decade after the original anime aired, they have resurrected the franchise for no reason other than profit. Gou was purposefully mismarketed as a remake to attract curious new viewers—then it rebranded itself as a sequel to get the old fandom's attention. Occasionally it had scary moments, but it never ...
Komi Can’t Communicate is a comedy about a 15-year-old girl with extreme social anxiety who attempts to make friends. It fluctuates between “Mildly entertaining” and “One of the most unfunny comedy anime I’ve seen in my entire life.”. . Komi begins the show with the goal to “Make 100 friends.” That premise becomes irrelevant when you realize everyone is magically drawn to her. For some reason, everyone in this high school finds her irresistibly attractive. She quickly becomes a passive protagonist shortly after meeting her second friend. Her goal no longer motivates the plot. Instead of making 100 friends, she should’ve filed 100 restraining orders because these ...
A promising pirate tale made laughable by contrived storytelling and convoluted fantasy elements.. . Fena: Pirate Princess is a somewhat misleading title. Fena is a princess, but not a pirate. There’s more emphasis on romance and drama than swashbuckling sword fights or buried treasure. Imagine if Princess Peach went on a globetrotting adventure—a damsel to constantly get kidnapped by one-dimensional villains and a MacGuffin to steer the plot. Except, Fena lacks the charm of your imagination. Her ditzy and energetic personality loses charm quickly; Especially because she’s intentionally annoying. A running gag is that she talks too much, which never becomes funny. The swaths of men who ...
All of us have looked back on our past and felt unfulfilled. It's natural to regret poor decisions. All of the missed opportunities, people you never met, mistakes you made. If you could change the years you regret the most, would you?. . Imagine the most generic school harem anime possible: Remake Our Life is what comes to mind. Forgettable character designs, monotonous background music, and archetypal love interests compete for the everyman protagonist. Kyoya, the bland harem hero, is a failed adult who gets a second chance to relive his college years. After getting fired from his dream job at a game company, he mourns his ...
Déjà vu.. . The dictionary tells us déjà vu is an unpleasantly familiar feeling. Tokyo Revengers made me feel déjà vu because it is the latest of many overhyped shounen adaptations with nothing to offer except for animation. But this adaptation of a multimillion-dollar franchise has the unbelievable audacity to look like it was animated on a shoe-string budget in the early 2000s. Its utterly unremarkable story about middle school gang wars is only worsened by sluggish pacing and ugly art.. . Two middle school gangs wrapped in a turf war lead to the murder of an innocent person—one man has the power to prevent it all. Takamichi is ...
TRIGGER WARNING: PEDOPHILIA, GROOMING, SEXUAL ASSAULT. . Wataten and Uzumaid walked so this anime could run.. . Mother of the Goddess’ Dormitory is softcore child porn similar to Boku no Pico. Except instead of a man molesting a child, multiple women molest a child. In terms of pedo-bait anime, this is probably the most shameless one so far—plenty of nudity, sexual innuendos galore, and even sex.. . After his father abandoned him, a suspicious woman offers a 12-year-old boy named Koushi a place to stay. Upon entering his new home, three residents of the all-female college dormitory greet him in the nude: jiggly jugs, nipples, and all in uncensored grandeur. One ...
TRIGGER WARNINGS: ABUSE, HARASSMENT, GASLIGHTING, MANIPULATION, MISOGYNY, INCELS, KINK SHAMING. . Ijiranaide, Nagatoro-san is not a traditional romantic comedy because it is neither romantic nor funny. Rather, it is comparable to a horror movie.. . The horror genre appeals to people who enjoy being scared. You put yourself in the shoes of a frightened protagonist as they get chased by psychopaths, monsters, demons, etc. It’s almost masochistic how we enjoy horror. In Nagatoro-san, a teenage beta-male cuck gets tormented by a sadistic girl he has a crush on. He is repeatedly gaslit, humiliated, and manipulated by her. Similar to a horror film, it is frustrating, disturbing, uncomfortable, but strangely ...
Happy LGBTQ+ Pride Month! In celebration, I’m reviewing one of the most beloved Shounen-ai anime from 2014. Love Stage!!. . .... …. …. . *Trigger warnings: Homophobia, transphobia, sexual assault, victim-blaming.*. . Once upon a time, your average ~straight~ teenage boy awakens from his bed and greets his idol, Lala Lulu. Izumi, the boy in question, lives with his family of actors and musicians. They constantly put pressure on him to become an entertainer, to his dismay. Izumi is an introverted otaku who dreams of becoming a famous mangaka. Despite wanting to move in a separate direction, he is dragged into showbiz by his family. When I first watched Love Stage as a ...
One common misconception among the anime community is that sales and profit are proportional to an anime’s quality. Is a film that sells millions of tickets objectively better than one that sells fewer tickets? Demon Slayer: Mugen Train’s record-breaking box office performance may lead you to believe it is one of the greatest films ever made, but the truth is... the writing is no better than the anime.. . Three-quarters of the two-hour-long film takes place on the titular Mugen Train, a brave choice for one of the least interesting settings the series has to offer. Each train car is similar; historically accurate wooden interiors, passengers conveniently ...
Infuriating. When I consider every aspect of this anime, that is the first word that comes to mind: The infuriating characters, plot, dialogue, music, art, and acting. It's fascinating. I never thought I'd actually find an anime so blatantly terrible that I cannot stand even a single second of it.. . For some background, this is Jun Maeda's third original anime—if you're familiar with Charlotte and Angel Beats, you'll know his writing formula. His stories begin as comedy/slice-of-life centered around high school students; in the second half, an incident occurs. Everything becomes melodramatic—with a supernatural twist. In Charlotte, it was superpowers. In Angel Beats, it was the ...
Talentless Nana is an ugly show about a class of braindead kids with superpowers; one by one, they get murdered by the titular psychopath. It's a reverse murder mystery, meaning you have to figure out how Nana will plan a murder without being caught—rather than identifying the killer.. . The premise is interesting, but the execution is disappointing. Nana's plans to murder each student rely on their stupidity to succeed. Unfortunately, the show also lacks the gore or humor to be mindless entertainment—and it's too dull to be worth watching. You barely get to see anything of the killings, except for a few dead bodies. Lame. At ...
Great. A recap of after only 5 episodes. Why not give us a recap of the ONE HUNDRED skipped chapters?. . At least show what happened in the time skip between episodes 4 and 5! Instead, they just reminded us of the ugly animation and plot armor keeping the kids alive. All of the suspense is gone. Even the final twist was wasted on weak execution.. . Half of this recap was about season 1, with narration describing exactly what we see on-screen. No new scenes were added. This only highlights that nothing worthwhile has happened in season 2.. . Needing a recap after only 5 episodes is a red flag ...
"Re:Zero is boring.". . Three words you've likely heard before or said yourself. But why? Why do people find Re:Zero boring? If you already love Re:Zero, I hope this review will help you understand the other side of the audience. If you don't love Re:Zero, I hope to provide some clarity as to why.. . From my observation, most people who dislike Re:Zero are anime-only viewers, whereas the dedicated fans have read the source material: This tells us two things:. 1. The story, characters, and themes hook specific viewers to the point of delving into the meaty source material (which includes 11 manga volumes, one video game, four character-focused side ...
*RebelPanda sits down to write a review of Mushoku Tensei with the help of his friend Al for a second time*. . Al: Mushoku Tensei’s second season exceeded all of my expectations built up by the first. It is a thrilling fantasy journey spanning a brilliantly designed world sprawling with intricately written characters—each of them overflows with nuanced personality and varied cultural backgrounds. Rudeus developed exponentially since the first season. His companion Eris underwent a heartfelt character arc. My favorite, Roxy, returned for a much-needed episode dedicated to her compelling backstory. The spectacular art, animation, and sound continue to make it the most impressive TV anime productions. ...
*RebelPanda sits down to write a review of Mushoku Tensei with the help of his friend, Al*. . Al: I loved Mushoku Tensei. I understand why they call it the pioneer of the isekai genre. Nowadays, every isekai anime uses the same tropes, but this show did them purposefully, complimenting the story in the process. It boasted stunning animation, a great soundtrack, and a sprawling fantasy setting rich with lore. What’d you think, Panda?. . Panda: I agree the production values are top-notch. In my opinion, Mushoku Tensei has all of the trappings of a typical JRPG inspired fantasy, except with a repulsive, openly pedophilic main character. A random ...
The Promised Neverland 2nd Season is a brilliant achievement of Japanese Television. It is a series that has no reason to exist other than to profit off of unsuspecting fans of the first season. This is the spiritual successor to Tokyo Ghoul: Root A—another anime original sequel that attempted to inflict as much severe pain and suffering on the manga fans as possible. Except, at least that blatant marketing scheme had semi-decent audiovisuals.. . This sequel follows Female Kirito, previously known as “Emma”. Similar to Kirito, Emma is also the most powerful player in the video game. Rather than using a sword, she has the power of ...
On the surface, Horimiya is a finely polished anime—Glistening character art, bright lighting, realistic backgrounds, glittery visual effects. Every voice actor's suited their character, and their performances are convincing. Both the opening and ending credits are slickly animated with the utmost care and talent. The original soundtrack is average, but it fits every scene. Though I was immediately drawn to this anime for its impressive technical qualities, they weren’t good enough to overlook the subpar writing.. . Beneath the superficial presentation, Horimiya is a computer-generated romantic comedy story that thinks in cliches: It merges tropes from the mediocre rom-com anime with the worst parts of sappy shoujo ...
Have you ever passed in a test even though you know you got an F? You might've left some answers blank because you forgot to study or ran out of time.. . That's Gokushufudou's anime adaptation. Though calling this eyesore an "anime" would be a lie. Every scene is nothing more than a glorified sequence of still images, killing any potential comedy from the manga. There are jokes, but they fall completely flat because of how they're presented; with flashes of a black screen like they forgot to check their work. I can’t help but think this was some sort of money laundering scheme.. . An unspoken rule of ...
*This review contains spoilers in a marked section*. . I finally watched the cult classic "Now and Then, Here and There" the anti-war series released two decades ago. Over the years, it has been labeled a masterpiece and one of the best Isekai anime ever. I had to see it for myself, but all I can say is… Seriously?. . Throughout 13 tedious episodes, I found a beautifully produced but ultimately poorly written anime. Although I liked the sound and art direction, I couldn't get invested in the plot or care about any of the characters. Despite the story's attempts at social commentary, it has a surprisingly 1-dimensional view ...
The Journey of Elaina has an identity crisis. On the surface, it appears to be an inspiring adventure across a magical fantasy world. In truth, it is something else entirely.. . In the beginning, it is exactly what you'd anticipate. Then it blindsides you with something unexpected. The show reveals itself to be a thoroughly depressing, tonally maligned 'journey' driven by a narcissistic main character through a nihilistic and morbid world. It always left me anxious, nauseous, frustrated, and sometimes all of the above. If you want to draw meaning from suffering, it needs to be natural and purposeful. The Journey of Elaina manufactures pain to give ...
Tower of God is an awful clusterfuck of anime cliches haphazardly stitched together. Somehow its pseudo-deep story has tricked thousands of people into thinking it’s good. I’m in awe that this miserable fanfiction got an anime adaptation.. . Becoming popular is the reason why ToG was adapted. Crunchyroll milked it because it was their prized cash cow, more interested in money than creativity. It recycles familiar anime tropes, plot points, and character archetypes to create the anime equivalent of Frankenstein’s monster.. . Tournament arcs are successful, so the entire show will be a tournament arc. Superheroes are trendy, let’s add superpowers. People like comedy right? Let's add nine or ...
Two words: cat balls. . Okay, now for the more serious overview:. . It's unfortunate that a film with such nice animation has such cliché, boring, and weird writing. The animation is good for what it is, and that's that. The world building makes no sense, the characters are surface level **at best,** it has weird flashback character cuts, it has no idea how to hold tension or pacing, the gags are dumb, the protag is a Mary Sue that suddenly gets better when she needs to, AHHHHHHHH. You can't even appreciate the animation really because of how stupid the movie is.. . I saw another negative review, ...
If you have extreme opinions about Tonikawa: Over the Moon For You, I suggest you do not read this review; it may make you angry.. . I will fully admit I am not the target audience of this anime. Even though it made me want to die, I finished it so you don't have to.. . One cold winter night, a high school student named Nasa gets hit by a truck. Lucky for him, a girl intervenes and saves his life. It's love at first sight. He instantly confesses his love for her. The girl, Tsukasa, agrees to become his girlfriend, but only if they get married first because ...
Everyone reaches crossroads in their life. You have nowhere to go but forward, but you hesitate. Which road will you take? Who will you meet at the intersection before moving on?. . Rikuo Uozumi is stuck. A college graduate with no future goals and a dead-end job. His friends have begun their lives as adults, leaving him behind. Throughout Sing Yesterday for Me, he encounters other stuck people. Shinako, his old friend from school and now a full-time teacher, struggles to move on from a loved one’s death. The two reconnect when she comes back to town for a local job. She seemingly always had a vision ...
How often do you get a good night's sleep?. . I never get the sleep I deserve. After watching so many bad anime, I stay up all night tossing and turning in bed. A lack of sleep can cause depression, anxiety, weight gain, etc. No sleep medication has helped me. Melatonin, Benadryl, Trazadone, even horse-tranquilizers. Nothing worked... until now. I finally found the cure for insomnia, and its name is The Misfit of Demon King Academy.. . Hi, I'm RebelPanda and I've made it my job to ensure YOU get the good night's sleep you deserve.. . Just turn on an episode of The Misfit of Demon King Academy and you'll ...
“Jesus shall come again in glory to judge the living and the dead; and his kingdom shall have no end.". -Corinthians 15:23. . I used to be an atheist until I watched Sword Art Online: Alicization: War of Underworld Part 2. History has proven Jesus was a real man, but the second coming of Christ was merely a myth to me. I never truly believed Christ would return from the heavens to liberate us… until now. Reki Kawahara has created the final chapter of the Bible. This tale rivals Shakespeare, Dante’s Divine Comedy, and The Odyssea. It is the most spectacular writing I have seen in the entire ...
War of the Underworld is exactly what people mean when they say “Look pretty and do as little as possible.”. . There is sakuga in every episode, the artwork is vibrant, and the fight choreography is better than ever. As for the writing, it is hasn’t improved much over Sword Art Online’s previous seasons. Where the narrative shines is its premise: The underworld is a hellish land cloaked in a warm aura radiating from the blood-red sky. Flatter than an ocean, it is a wasteland populated with no vegetation as far as the eye can see. Divided by a valley of stone are humans on one side ...
Blue Drop is another in the Girls Love genre that I was really rooting for, despite the low MAL score, in the same way that I was cheering for Destiny of the Shrine Maiden, for very similar reasons. I was coming into this with such an open mind, but man, I really wasn't into this one.. . Story & Characters: Blue Drop starts out with us seeing our main character, Mari Wakatake, who has been enrolled in Kaihou Academy by her grandmother. Why her grandmother? Because Mari lost her parents, along with everyone else who lived on the island she was from, five years ...
Throughout my high school years, I struggled with an illness in my mind I couldn't put into words. The way I thought of it was a roller coaster that I could never get off. My whole life has been a series of peaks and valleys.. . For weeks, the roller coaster would be at a peak. I would have an endless supply of energy. I was able to make friends and enjoy every day to the fullest. Then everything would crash down and suddenly the roller coaster was stuck in a valley. For weeks, I would be exhausted and depressed. Making friends was the easy part, but ...
Senior year of high school is like a train station.. . Pick a train to decide your future. You can't say for sure what lies at your destination, but you know for certain it will take you away from your school and the friends you made there. This is the theme that Just Because puts forward with its story of seniors deciding their futures and many train station scenes. However, it does not have the intimacy necessary for these themes to be believable.. . Slice of life shows live or die on how intimate they are. And no, I do not mean romance. I mean the show's connection to ...
“Wide as an ocean, deep as a puddle.”. . BNA: Brand New Animal is ambitious. It attempts to craft a fully-realized setting to explore nuanced political themes such as racism, fascism, eugenics, and activism. Simultaneously, it tells the story of estranged friends, super-powered crime fighters, a government conspiracy, and cults. In twelve episodes.. . Needless to say, Trigger bit off more they could chew.. . BNA begins with a hooded girl in tattered clothing running through the subway. She passes by a sign reading, “Let’s Hold Hands. Animal Rights,” above the text is a human hand holding an animal paw. This immediately establishes a theme: Humans and anthropomorphized animals live together, ...
I have never understood why Overlord receives so much praise.. . It is practically a generic isekai light novel adaptation, but with older characters, giving it the illusion of maturity. Overlord is not mature, it's not remotely well written, its visuals don't even look good. The character designs look cool, and all but that isn't enough to carry a boatload of mediocrity. Both this season and the first were at best disposable entertainment, like any other isekai light novel adaptation. What's the appeal of it? Is it that Momonga is a ridiculously overpowered self-insert protagonist and his legion of ladies all want him?. . Momonga is a typical isekai ...
Let's be honest. If this didn't have Batman and other DC characters in it, very few people would hesitate to call it a dumpster fire. But unfortunately, the story is confusing nonsense, the action scenes are messy, the low framerate is headache-inducing, and the pacing is just a pathetic failure.. . Ninja Batman's plot sounds like a fun time on paper, but this film just skipped the whole storytelling process. To summarize the story better than the film does: Gorilla Grodd created a time machine, and now a dozen iconic DC heroes and villains are transported to feudal Japan. If Batman doesn't stop the Joker, he will ...
Tada Never Falls in Love is like a colorful bouquet of plastic flowers. From a distance, you might mistake it for the real thing. But upon closer inspection, you'll find it's merely a lifeless imitation. Factory produced from the most generic mold, identical to its fellow flowers rolling off the conveyor belt alongside it.. . Undeniably crafted with talent, Tadakoi offers refined background art and detailed character animation in place of quality writing. While the show had the potential to be good with its solid audiovisuals, they are entirely wasted on generic characters and a poorly written story.. . The story follows the titular Mitsuyoshi Tada, an uncharismatic photographer ...
Despite all the hype that Megalo Box created from its first few episodes, it became one of the biggest disappoints of the season. At first, it presents a familiar inspirational sports story with a vague setting to get you interested in the well-directed boxing matches. But by the end, the writing is still incredibly shallow. Megalo Box is just a carbon copy of the generic underdog boxing story but slightly worse than the classics it desperately tries to imitate.. . Aside from the addition of Gear (exoskeletons to enhance the boxers fighting), Megalo Box tells the familiar tale of a misfortunate boxer, Junk Dog. He had long ...
One Punch Man, a series loved by many for bombastic animation and hilarious physical comedy has been viciously murdered by J.C. Staff.. . Unless you have been living under a rock for the last year, it’s known throughout the anime community that Madhouse handed the second season of OPM to J.C. Staff—a studio known for cutting corners in their animation. Our expectations were low, but JESUS CHRIST THIS IS GARBAGE.. . The art is awful. It’s flat, the color pallete is dull, and the shading is messy dog shit. Character designs were changed from their clean cool style to jagged and hideous imitations of their former selves. Metal textures ...
You’ve just awoken years after the apocalypse, stranded on an island. This island is infested by giant man-eating insects, dinosaurs, diseases, and deranged survivors, how do you survive? You don't. You cannot survive because you are braindead. You run around screaming in terror because you are a useless, annoying, brainless shoujo protagonist. Sorry, but someone thought it would be funny to put you—a helpless idiot—into horror anime.. . Yet again, Netflix’s algorithms have shat out an awful anime. This time, it’s a blend of shoujo and horror with visuals ripped straight of the early 2000s. 7 Seeds is a fitting title because it took me 7 seconds ...
Do not watch this anime. Instead, go into your kitchen, put on some dubstep, and start banging pots and pans together. Then close your eyes and imagine the most generic fighting anime possible. Well done. You have created an experience almost as horrible as The God of High School.. . Allegedly, this anime is about high school students fighting in a tournament to win a wish. After watching it, I do not think any part of the synopsis is correct. Everyone is supposedly in high school, but none of them show the slightest signs of brain activity. Only a few of the contestants are actually students. There ...
Logic, reason, reality… these are things I simply do not care about. But because of an anime called Darwin’s Game, we need to talk about them. And by we, I do mean me, so take a seat and let me tell you why this anime is crap.. . Darwin’s Game tries to pass itself off as a battle royale, one of my favorite sub-genres, but it really isn’t. I expected it to be dumb, shlocky, and nonsensical, which has never stopped me from enjoying an anime before. So I prepared to suspend my disbelief, but nothing could prepare me for what I have witnessed.. . The titular death game ...
For decades, glorious Nippon has been growing closer to extinction. To cure Nippon through the limitless power of anime, our lord and savior Trigger has blessed us with Darling in the FranXX! But to our surprise, this anime was touched by Satan himself, A-1 Pictures, and its true purpose was to accelerate the extinction!!. . (Long spoiler-filled review ahead. Spoiler-free TL;DR at the end.). . With the declining birthrate in Japan, people are living longer, but fewer babies are being born; there aren't enough young people to take care of the elderly. The Japanese government is spending more money on health care; the workforce is shrinking with fewer young ...
This is garbage.. . Elianna, the protagonist, has no personality outside of reading books, and the love interest’s only personality trait is being a creepy boyfriend. Yay! Her love for books means basically nothing by the way. It’s pretty much a gimmick to show she isn’t a piece of cardboard. Unfortunately, possibly the most boring gimmick imaginable was used so it doesn’t work. These characters are so bland it’s ridiculous.. . Almost every episode goes one of two ways. First, some girls are jealous of Elianna and try to take her place while being gross toward her, and this somehow makes Elianna question whether her obviously obsessed boyfriend actually ...
It doesn't leave a bad taste in my mouth. it doesn't have a taste at all.. . It is neither good nor bad. it is just empty. not even entertaining. i'd rather choose a horrible anime than this empty one. it's like playing a game but skipping the story.. . story: generic but empty, not even entertaining. There are the originals of stories and later on it becomes generic if used over and over again. nevertheless, generic stories most probably will be entertaining. For example, marvel movies are the best generic but entertaining stories. Infinite dendrogram is generic but horribly empty. It is generic because it follows a ...
Words, words, words. What the hell do they even mean? Well, I don’t know! But someone has to figure out what the hell this show is about and whether or not it’s good. Lucky for you, I happen to be extremely qualified in deciphering bullshit, and In/Spectre certainly is grade-A bullshit.. . Where do I even begin untangling this web of nonsense? First of all, there’s so much goddamn talking. If you want to see some good animation, find a different anime! But is the dialogue good or bad? Let’s establish a criterion. Dialogue-heavy anime can work well if the writing is witty, informative, believable, and ...
When we’re young, love and sex seem larger than life—it is the most embarrassing thing imaginable. Maidens of the Savage Season captures all those emotions in the most melodramatic way possible. It skips all of that pesky build-up, the characters are stereotyped, it’s oftentimes predictable, and so what? Who cares about all that crap when it’s so damn entertaining?. . Melodrama is what Mari Okada is known for, Araburu Kisetsu no Otome-domo yo is no different. Anything she writes that isn’t edited heavily by a director will surely be overflowing with melodrama. She’s an ambitious writer, however, she stuffed far too many ideas into this show. ...
I don't understand the hype for this one.. . Bunny Girl Senpai is full of the same issues commonly criticized in most light novel adaptations, so why does it get a free pass? Harem tropes, waifu bait, incest teasing, thin characterization, vague pseudoscience, and an asshole deadpan protagonist who solves a bunch of girls’ problems for them. Most of all, the art and sound are incredibly mediocre excluding the many moments when CloverWorks chooses to bend over and spray shit in our eyes with its abundance of hideous CGI crowds.. . First and foremost, I hate the writing in Bunny Girl Senpai. Consider the '4' points I rated the ...
3D Kanojo: Real Girl is a painful experience. A lazily shat out rom-com that uses cliches and plot contrivances as a crutch to hobble its way through twelve agonizing episodes. Proudly it presents insultingly stereotypical characters that are anything but three-dimensional.. . All you need to do is gaze upon this glorious shitfest and it becomes abundantly clear what the show’s main issue is: it’s fucking hideous. The art is a disaster; backgrounds are a mess of fuzzy colors, there’s very little animation, and in an attempt to stay on model the characters hardly change their expressions. All the show has going for its visuals are ...
Like an undetected tumor, Fairy Gone wormed its way into the popular seasonal anime before it began airing. Soon enough it became clear this show would be nothing but a cancer. I just wanted a dark fantasy anime filled with fun action scenes! Was that so much to ask for? Instead, what I got was a borderline unwatchable train wreck.. . “Once upon a time, fairies were used as tools for war.”. . This tagline and promising poster art were the bait at the end of P.A.Work’s fishing rod, and they successfully baited me into watching it.. . Unfortunately, this is not about an army of Disney Tinker Bell fairies ...
Kumo desu ga, Nani ka? is two different anime paradoxically forced together. One is hideously ugly, and the other is mind-numbingly boring.. . The hideously ugly plotline is led by an overly enthusiastic girl who was reincarnated as a spider. She must fight for her life in monster-infested caves. That explains the English name: "I'm a spider, so what?!" If that sounds intriguing, you will be disappointed. The title is misleading because the mind-numbingly boring half of the show is a bog-standard isekai plotline: A high school class gets reincarnated in a generic fantasy setting… How original.. . The first plotline follows Kumoko, a high school girl who ...
It kinda sucks.. I could write a whole essay on why that is the case but I really don't have to. My mom said so.. The 5 star rating is mainly for the visuals, which are high-quality and somewhat unique.. Unfortunately after the very first episode, the show takes a dump dive towards Yakusoku no-thanks Neverland.. . Except for the visuals and initial idea, execution is horrendous. Truly everything else this anime has going for it is mediocre. Whoever thought it was a good plan to mix common shounen anime tropes, themes, and clichés with an incredibly dark, serious, and thought-provoking subject was smoking major crack.. . Miyazaki was right.
I had Carole & Tuesday on my list for a while and was really excited to watch it, especially after I found out it was directed by the same guy who did Bebop. A music anime that explores themes about automation, AI, human expression, and friendship? Sounds baller. And at first, it definitely was. I didn't think the music was unique, but it was fun and catchy, I loved the character designs, the world building seemed decent, and I liked the animation just fine.. . For a show that came out in 2019, the stereotyping and prejudices were just really uncalled for. At first, it was just ...
Oh god i almost commited seppuku while watching this.... . At first it looked like normal cgdct but then it came out like absolute nonsense.. Characters are flat like animal on highway and story is practicaly none. Almost 3/4 of time you watch infantile dialogues and the rest is ultimate walk in the park for mc. Oh and not to forget you know how its named "Management of a Novice Alchemist"? It has really nothing to do with any management or being novice and its not even about alchemy. Yea you will see some some kind of transmutation circle 2-3 times and some scenes with cauldron but thats ...
I don't have much to say here, but first and foremost, I wanna make one thing clear. The reason this review is so low isn't the Endless Eight.. . I mean, it doesn't help. Not in the slightest. But it's not the main reason.. . I've talked to a few people about this anime, and they all seem to agree on the same thing. "You aren't really supposed to like Haruhi." I've wondered what the aim is with Haruhi's character, and some people have just called her a tsundere, some a mild antagonist, others the central negative force in the whole anime and the enjoyment is supposed ...
“This show is fucking awful.”. -Me. . The rules of the King’s Game are as follows:. 1. All female characters must be disgustingly sexualized, this is a MATURE show for ADULTS after all.. 2. Every death has to be over-the-top and ridiculous, people like comedy relief, right?. 3. Characters must never exercise common sense, how else would there be a conflict?. 4. The plot must be as nonsensical as possible. We can just tell people it’s a “mystery.”. . Ousama Game is revolting.. ...
“The definition of insanity is repeating the same mistakes and expecting different results.”. . God, I’m tired.. . I’m tired of all the carbon-copied isekai light novel adaptations like Kenja no Mago, but Japan keeps pumping them out because it’s what makes money.. . I’m tired of the same ubiquitous ‘isekai truck’ killing some random asshole before he even gets a single character trait, all for the sake of reincarnating him in an otaku power-fantasy wet dream.. . I’m tired of narcissistic overpowered protagonists, lacking any personality, only existing to be praised and loved by every cardboard cutout character in the show.. . I’m tired of 12-year old level writing quality; the story jumps from ...
[dropped after ep 6]. . Another basic rom-com with all its ups and downs. If you've seen one, you've seen most of them. Nevertheless, fans of this kind of shows are gonna like it.. . Story development gets almost nowhere. The show follows a simple formula:. 'small conflict arises, small conflict resolves, intensive scene with only expendable development, repeat'. And nothing else. Each episode does have its highlight moment, but what about the rest? It's plain.. . We get no idea where this 'marriage experiment' originated or why it is practiced. I even thought multiple times that I must have missed the reasoning, but I also do believe that it never had an ...
oh man I really hate Netflix.. . I consider myself a fan of Seven Deadly Sins. From the first wonderful season, it had some negative reviews for the third and fourth seasons, but still enjoyable overall and has a good ending to its unique story.. . ok let come back to this sin created by Netflix, this is one of the worst things that can be done for an anime series,. It's like someone is making jokes on our dead best friend.. This is what Netflix is doing to Nanatsu no Taizai.. . NO RESPECT NETFLIX, hope you go bankrupt asap so we will stop seeing things like this.. . Netflix has some ...
"Mob Psycho 100" is one of the most hyped and overrated anime series of the year.. . Mob is the type of guy who can't talk to girls, but somehow he lands two dates with two different girls at the same time, despite that he still has the same lazy attitude he had since the very beginning. The author seems to be way too accommodating about helping Mob with every problem he has, despite trying so hard to portray him as a weak little boy. None of the personality traits of the main character are believable or interesting at all. Even Mob's brother is given superpowers as ...
For an ecchi anime to be good, the "plot" needs to be supplemented by either an interesting story or some comedy. The problem with Futoku No Guild is that there is no real story to it and it's barely funny at it's best.. The biggest issue that comes with this show is that the one main gag is "How did you mess up this bad?/How did you end up in this situation?" and it might work the first time, but after trying to repeat the same joke almost every episode, that just makes it the norm; and therefore it isn't funny. And that isn't going into ...
A warning to those who hate when characters make stupid decisions. All the characters, although some are likable, have one major flaw. They are dumb. The plot only moves forward due to the characters making dumb choices and/or following dumb rules that this world has.. . The world could have been interesting but those elements are skipped over in one or two episodes.. . Should you watch the show or not? It really depends on your patience level, as I said, before the worst part of the show is the character stupidity, and the rules that the world is based on that are terrible and make no ...
Watamote is a fairly decent anime, but the OVA is not - it feels a bit thematically contradictory to what actually takes place in the show; Tomoko doesn't deserve to be rewarded with the gift of an implicated destined meetup with a boy just like her, because the whole point is that Tomoko is a terrible person whose incapable of escaping from her world view that's formed from a malicious congealing of her spiteful loneliness and addiction to unrealistic romantic material, fueling her envious perception of the world, where every other woman is a "slut".. . Episode 12 might have been a miserable ending to the series, ...
If you didn't read the manga, then this anime is really NOT worth watching AT ALL. But if you did, and you just want to see the characters come to life, and if you're willing to go through a terribly executed anime then you might be interested.. . This anime, is TERRIBLE. It's executed terribly, horribly paced, and also lazily animated. I do like the opening song though I will give it that, and only that.. . If you're interested in the story this is NOT THE PLACE TO BE, DO NOT BOTHER WITH THIS, I highly recommend checking out the manga instead!. . The manga is paced so ...
One Word to describe the anime : "Cringe",. Cringe MC, cringe protagonist, cringe antagonist, cringe plot, cringe battle scene, cringe everything.. . It was interesting to have some brand new action anime with a lot of deaths, but I just dropped it because the MC's personality is so annoying. This anime would be much better if it having badass characters, badass battle scenes, and badass death scenes. Really dissapointing that the creator of this anime didn't have any courage to did that.. . You cannot create a harem with the cringes, Sir. If you think you successfuly create it with the cringes, then your harem or your audience ...
This anime is mainly a melodrama with romance. The focus of the anime is romance. But Josee, the main heroine, is nothing but a bitch to the protagonist who physically and verbally abuses him, and she never does anything nice for him. She also never apologizes for being an asshole to him, and yet the protagonist always keeps going back to her even after they fight over her disgusting treatment and dismissal of him.. . The protagonist, Tsuneo, keeps doing nice things for Josee while she gives nothing in return, and yet the only thing the anime does to "redeem" her is make everything in her life ...
Coming off the high of Code Geass season 1, season 2 sorely disappoints. It tries to be a story of epic proportions, but just misses the mark. From the very first episode, it doesn't immediately follow the events at the end of season 1, jumps around even more than at the end of season 1, and season 2 only gets worse from there. The scattered and constant skipping of scenes ultimately turns the overall narrative into a jumbled, incongruent mess, filled to the brim with innumerable contradictions and plot holes. AND it's even worse of a knightmare to keep track of events and of where ...
This is a typical "slave" hentai with most of the slave things one might expect and more. The first episode is one of those "did that go to far?" episodes where you question yourself for watching it and feel a bit dirty and uneasy after THAT scene. The second episode is way way more "standard" and the action is just typical hentai stuff you may find in any other anime of that category. No real plot twists, no real story, no nothing aside from action from the first to last minute.. . On the technical side - The art style is a bit outdated and the ...
We’ve been blessed with quite a few good to great anime original series in this decade so far, ranging from Odd Taxi, to Lycoris Recoil, and even Do it Yourself this anime season. I suppose this is a grim reminder that not every single original can be done at an elite level, but even so, this show was quite the abhorrent showing, oozing of generic storytelling, mixed with a lot of contrivances, questionable ideas, and very inconsistent character writing. I’m not one to lambast things often, but this show needs to have its fair grilling.. . STORY:. . You’ll see this in the synopsis already, but essentially, Ittoki, the ...
Shinobi no ittoki is yet another bland and uninspired anime original from Troyca with characters equal parts annoying and one dimensional. While it does take a somewhat interesting turn towards the end, it ultimately fails to consistently pick up any steam and ends as one of the more forgettable shows of the year.. . I generally have a low bar to pass in terms of anime pleasing me. I can tolerate a lot of things that many people can not and find most things enjoyable, but I just could not get with the MC of this series at all. From the very first episode, I damn near ...
During the first episode of *Shinobi no Ittoki*, future ninja clan leader Ittoki is approached by a female classmate named Tsubaki and asked out on a date, which culminates in him being invited up to her room where she dresses scantily and tries to seduce him (keep in mind, they’re in middle school). When Ittoki rebukes her attempts, he plays it off like some kind of joke and nervously chuckles as he checks under her bed to see ninjas lying in wait to kill him. They attack and cut his face, but even with this having just happened, he asks what kind of prank she’s ...
At first, I was excited about the new ninja anime with excellent animation, and yes the first couple of episodes were exciting and promising. That concludes everything good about the anime. Now let us talk for real. isn't the I am a good guy that will forgive anyone no matter what they did and I won't kill people -even tho what I do death and killing is normal- trope is just really really dull and cringy and is hard to see, I can't really remember last time I saw an mc like that that I actually enjoyed watching. So the mc is terrible and what ...
My Score: 4/10.. . What I Liked: The character development of our MC was handled well, the ending few episodes really was a lot good than the starting and the middle episodes, the plot was good.. . What I didn't like: other characters should also have been treated well, in their roles and development, which could have made this series more enjoyable.. . Overall Opinion: The story at the end was good and meaningful and it made a lot of sense, the art style and animation was decent, more development/screen time should have been given to other characters also which would have made this series good. The starting and the middle ...
In the opening, Koguma describes herself as having nothing, no friends, no parents, no money. At the end of the anime, after she makes “friends,” she repeats this exact line (including that she has no friends!!!) but adds that she now has a cub. What was the point of her spending time with the other characters then??. . Koguma is a very flat MC with her only qualities being that she is self-centered and likes her cub. That’s it. My biggest issue with this show is Koguma’s treatment of Shii, who is supposed to be her friend. Koguma and Reiko, the other cub owner, tell ...
As I get older I find myself watching less and less anime. Maybe I just have less free time. It is true that I have much more responsibilities and much less free time then I had a few years age. Maybe I finally acquired a refined taste and so generic shows no longer satisfy me. I went through my anime list a few weeks ago and I can safely say that if I were to watch all of these shows now, I would scarcely finish half of them. Or perhaps my interests simply changed and anime really was just a phase. Maybe its all of ...
English.. I don't know if it has happened to you that there is a series which starts very badly but as the episodes progress it improves, well that's what happens with this series, if you get past the first 4 episodes you may like the rest and I think that's the biggest problem with the series, you necessarily have to overcome 4 episodes for it to start to get good, it is not a story that deepens its characters but it is quite entertaining after those 4 episodes.. The animation is fine, it is neither good nor bad, I think it is a standard animation in the ...
This anime is pretty good if you are below 10 years old or 50 IQ. Then you will definitely enjoy it.. . If the show's target audience is kids it means that logic can be bent however you want? To the point when characters don't even feel human... What's up with 25 episodes too? 6 could be a perfect fit, because characters don't develop anyways. Everything is shoved in the last 4 episodes.. . There is a somewhat unique world with non-typical art, that looks pretty cool. But it all is overtaken by bad writing. The main villain is driven by god knows what and she is not the ...
Story synopsis you can read, so I won't go into it.. . At the crux of it, its an other world, hero party, magic, action, animal girls, harem anime which fails to deliver in any of these categories rather spectacularly. I watch a lot of anime and I can very confidently say its one of the worst anime of 2022 that I have seen. I won't go into detail but its just such a soul less, no story anime that when I compare from Episode 1 to Episode 12 and see is there any progress in actual story, there is none. Actually there never was a story ...
Honestly the best way this anime can be described is boring, nothing really happens in any of the episodes.. . The mc is extremely bland, basic and useless as he is always relying on the other ninjas to help him with everything. It's to be expected at first but even after the first six episodes he has no real development or any reason for me to like him as a character.. . The animation is fine, its nothing amazing but it won't deter you from initially watching the anime. If you want to watch an anime about ninjas, just stick to the classic anime Naruto.
This is probably the second most overrated show in history after Spy x Family. Don't ask me why.. Story is as generic as any other shounen show, with lot more gore and deaths which changes nothing, it remains generic.. The characters are not funny yet they pretend to be.. You were supposed to be sympathize with the mc, off course because of his pathetic, poor back story with lot of struggle etc etc but how can you sympathize with him if the back story have no effect on him, like it changes nothing he's a horny brat. not mature after going through all that he only ...
As the manga messiah this type of content is a complete waste of time but I do this for the people that seek good content.. . Basically its some obese kid that gets bullied and literally everyone hates him and thinks hes disgusting just because he is fat. They act like he cant have talent or do anything because he is fat. He will walk in the hallway and get his ass beat, girl look at him and get scared. He blames his mom for him being fat because she puts eggs in his ramen?? how about some accountability fatty go to the gym and prove them ...
As far as shot-for-shot retellings of the first six episodes of Neon Genesis Evangelion go, Rebuild 1.0 is good. The updates to animation look nice, the few lines of dialogue/scenes added to the story are fine, the pacing is well done, and everything comes together in a way to make a fine, singular movie. Rebuild also does some great stuff! Ramiel looks amazing, the finale comes together to do justice to one of the best scenes in EVA as a franchise(Is any retelling of EVA complete without Rei's smile?), and the fact they made it come together to be its own movie is admirable.. . But ...
If there's one thing to be said for Genocyber, it's audacious. Very few anime, regardless of budget, studio, or intent, are as violent as Genocyber. If your sole consideration of quality is the amount of blood and guts spilled per episode, Genocyber may very well become your favorite anime ever. But if you value any other metric of quality in your art, Genocyber has nothing to offer you. The characters are functional only in that they propel Genocyber's limited and unsatisfying plot forward, the animation does a good job with the gore because anything beyond that is a bit too outside of Genocyber's focus to ...
I am writing this review as I am watching this show. And, it is a mess.. the characters are all over the place. You will be unable to understand their motives, desire, and philosophy,... I never had to push myself to finish a show since the character's actions were so confusing and contrived. And the end game was an ass pull out of nowhere talk no Jutsu. The protagonists are so annoying (Selisa for example, who always talks big about how righteous she is such a simp at the end game causing her teammate to lose an arm, Metorea is basically an NPC just like ...
It was a decent series, I didn't like it that much so I am giving it 4/10. It's only revolving around the store and not even any good business strategies are showed it could have made it better. There is no action at all and doesn't even have any valuable Slice of life moments or values. The characters weren't interesting to me, the art style and animation was OK, nothing special/spectacular. There is no merit in watching this, so I don't recommend this series. It could have been a lot better, it had a promising potential, hope if season 2 ever comes it would get ...
Ever seen an anime where the protagonist has things go their way? Well look no further than Shinmai Renkinjutsushi no Tenpo Keiei, or Management of a Novice Alchemist. Management of a Novice Alchemist has NOTHING to offer. The animation’s average, the story is terrible, and the characters are absolute cardboard flat. If you’d like to waste your time, here’s your first step forward.. . The story? Terrible. The protagonist, Sarasa, has everything go her way. If she’s in a predicament, she’ll always save the day. Totally not use of cliche tropes. If there’s a villain, she’ll save the day. Expect nothing but a predictable storyline from ...
This anime is one of the worst anime I've ever seen. The bullying that the "ugly" characters suffer is very exaggerated, it is very unlikely that the acts committed by the bullies do not become police cases, this takes away the immersion of the anime. As a counterpoint, I understand that bullying against "ugly" people is probably something common in South Korean society and how this is a criticism of South Korean society. South Korea has the highest rate of plastic surgeries per capita, something very wrong happens in that country. The plot's theme is valid and has enormous potential, but the anime doesn't take ...
Jesus christ this was fucking awful. Weeks later and I wake in a cold sweat thinking about how awful this was.. The animation was good, but the character designs were awful, the story was shallow and somehow felt both overlong and too short. The core relationships I didn't care for.. The music was terrible "I really want to stay at your house" is a brutally bad song.. . I still can't publish this review apparently. how many words does a MAL review need to be?. . Deeply regret finishing this. Some part of me believed people who seemed to be suggesting that the anime was excellent - I ...
It was so bad, I forgot I even watched it. The first episode is somewhat funny, but the joke gets old really fast. It ain't great.. . Do I seriously need to write more to publish this? It's just another mediocre romcom, can't say much about it. I would like it more if it really tried to show polyamorous relationships in a more serious light, focusing on what it is, and what problems people in them are facing. I don't really hate it, but it's just another harem anime, filled with fanservice of underage girls.. . That whole two-timing is just a poor excuse to make unfunny jokes, ...
When I saw the trailers and trailers, this movie made me very excited, and I really wanted to see it. But when it comes to taking time to see it, I didn't like it as I would have liked. It is a story that I can only describe as beautiful, but very simple. Except for one song, I didn't like the soundtrack, although I feel like it's more abstract, just a personal opinion. The animation is good, although it is not memorable either. The characters are too basic, there are none that evoke any kind of feeling or are memorable; I like the concept of ...
TL,DR: Should have cut the plot in half or make it 24 episodes.. . . Rushed, shallow, disjointed, disconnected, aimless and frivolous.. . Don't get me wrong, it's an acceptable piece of work, it's just not what it sets out to be.. Koukyuu no Karasu, or Raven of the Inner Palace, is an animated adaptation of the novel series of the same name. I suspect many parts of the novel of the novel were left out of the adaption, which contributed to the mess that is the final product, but overall with the major plot points revealed, I wonder if it can rival the best of Shoujo works out ...
I usually do not do reviews as my english is lacking but for this one i have to say it : It's TERRIBLE. The characters are all cliché everyone will hate the ugly MC but once he swaps to his perfect body all the girls fall in love with him and the boys get jealous , i get it peoples are mean to the outcast aaand that's pretty much the message for the entire show , no characters development no realistic situations no story , characters cliché pushed to the extrem limits , the bullies are of course jocks , only the nerds are bullied , ...
tl;dr the lack of a central storyline and any kind of lore shift the bored audience's focus to the characters, who are very shallow and one dimensional.. THE GOOD: the first 2-3 episodes get you hooked with an interesting premise, also some good comedy*.. THE BAD: there is nothing more to enjoy; no story (I know it is a slice-of-life narrative), no lore, no real characters.. . Let me explain (no spoilers):. . Good character development is a crucial part of any form of narrative media. Perhaps not more so than in a slice-of-life type of story such as this one. No central story; we are meant to watch the character ...
After the first few episodes I believed the hype. The backstory is intense, charming and interesting - sadly, the only thing about this anime that lived-up to its reputation in the end was the first OP.. . People may like an anime for one of a number of factors. However, FMA to this viewer lacked virtually all of them:. - The characters have no charm or charisma - I didn't feel an attachment to any of them (except one who was killed-off much too soon). - The soundtrack is, original OP aside, very forgettable. - Visually it lacks the kind of etheric beauty that leaves you in transcendent awe. There ...
I want to make something very clear: I NEVER go into watching, reading, or playing something wanting to hate it. Whenever I see something that seems like it appeals to my tastes, I actually try to keep an open mind about it. Similarly, there are certain shows and genres that I avoid like the plague. Don't expect me to talk about any ecchi anime ever and don't expect me to watch shows such as Haruhi Suzumiya, Redo of Healer, or Ranma 1/2 or anything of the like. If you like those shows, cool, good for you. So when I first heard about Bibliophile Princess and ...
I consider the first 5 episodes quite good even more than first season as a whole but at the same time kinda had the feeling that at certain moments the story line had sudden jumps in the future, however those were not so bigs to have them in conderation yet, all happens halfway turning an amazin show into a horrible sequence of events that destroyed for complete every hype you had so far.. . for the previos argument;. . You should watch the first half then runaway to the manga(or just drop it), why? because is extremely rushed, therefor not enjoyable at all.
This show is absolutely horrible, its so bad that it can't even stick to its own premise of farming is just a pretense to rub in our face that , "He is just a gigachad who wants to farm, but fuck that since he will go to regular isekai harem stuff anyway because that's what you are here for right?". Multi-hair colored harem Just cuz why not?. Stupid villains. UGLY AF CGI. no effort in the animation. Sound is horrible voice acting is one-dimensional but the characters themselves are that way. ED is totally zero effort both in song or art. Damsel in distress simulator in all and every conflict. . Plot ...
I will not recommend this series to anyone, it's a must not watch from my side. The plot isn't good and it doesn't support it as well, it degrades the show and the characters aren't any special/interesting. The art style and animation is OK nothing special, the CGI is the worst. Didn't enjoy this one bit and when things started getting interesting it felt out due to poor execution. The ending was also not good, this series could have been better if it was correctly executed. This was the worst fantasy anime series of this year for me.. I give it 3/10.
This show is the epitome of false marketing, and not in the most satisfying way. Legit, I was hoping that in the sea of genericness and mediocrity, would a show like this come to be something fresh, but it ended up being one of (if not) the most disappointing shows of the season.. . To be very honest, I am tired of Isekai/Fantasy as a genre, because once there are winning formulas that the anime industry would settle for, the outcome is that there will be people trying to capitalize on the genre, not giving two flying effs about either quantity and/or quality. And since the world ...
Creativity can take in all shapes and sizes. When we have anime adding farming to the mix, you know this would be your typical fantasy adventure. Even in many JRPG games today (especially on the Nintendo side), farming has been accepted as a general norm. While not many of them broke out as mainstream franchises, this show is no different either. To put it into simple words, Somehow Gotten Stronger When I Improved My Farm-Related Skills is somewhat of a niche show.. . Being a fan of JRPG games, I decided to check out the show for its easy pacing and fantasy-adventure elements. What could go wrong? ...
Story - 5/10. With less than a 9 minute run time it seems unfair to criticize this show too much, but even as someone who enjoys watching short-form anime this wasn't particularly appealing. It wasn't a horrible show, but it's not really worth watching either; you'll probably be better off watching something else. This short animation is pretty much just a tourism commercial for the Ryukyu islands and their history (brought to you by Urasoe City, Okinawa), it's not much of an actual story.. . Characters - 4/10. There isn't much characterization in this short, the characters are very basic. We're introduced to our modern teen girl protagonist ...
B'T X is the first two seasons of the overall running anime, with B'T X Neo being the third and final season. Thus I really can't judge things in their entirety and only in regards to the story up until now. However there are some points which already stand alone in this part. Also I haven't seen the third season for now, so everything I'll discuss will focus on this part alone.. . Story: 4. Animation: 2. Sound: 5. Characters: 3. Enjoyment: 4. . Total: 3. . One of the most glaring things this anime suffers from most is the art. The animation is borderline lazy, even though it highly improves in the later episodes ...
In a lot of ways, we've come pretty far from the kind of abominable video game adaptations that were common in past decades, and many newer attempts at least have bigger budgets, a smoother flow, or sometimes even have a loftier vision than b-movie schlock like Masami Oobari's endless string of adaptations or live action Street Fighter or whatever. Arknights is a gacha game adaptation with a slick cinematic appeal and an ostensibly more ambitious story due to the pretensions of its ambiance and overwrought dialogue, but, in reality, there's not a whole lot there beneath the surface.. . The world essentially looks like a lazy ...
Violet Evergarden is one of the greatest anime ever made. It contains one season, two one-shots, and a movie. Recollections is designed to condense that first season into ninety-five minute recap film.. . But Evergarden never needed a recap. It's not a long show, and there wasn't much (if any) fat to cut.. . In the original, Violet ventures out each episode to help a different client express their true feelings in the form of a letter. The scenarios are creative, beautiful, and often touching, but what matters is how Violet learns from them. She gradually comes to understand the meaning of love by seeing it reflected in her ...
Indeed, this anime is not for everyone. But still one of the few shoujo anime some might actually kinda dig.. . Right off the bat, we get the typical RPG setting of the evil demon "last boss" that the hero(es) needed to defeat. It is an instant red flag for everyone who watched a dozen of the isekai/RPG type every year. As a dead horse that needed even more beating, these anime are not the ones that should be recommended to a first-time anime watcher. Or maybe the Netflix anime watcher.. . Although, again, as the title suggests, they mashed the RPG genre. With the recent spiking ...
Not at all recommending it, it has a slow pace of telling story and feels a lot boring, most of the episodes feel either useless or there are no developments to the character at all. Most disappointed isekai of this year for me. Heard a lot of good things before it aired but it shattered every hope of mine. The art style, animation and story were the negative points of this season and the characters didn't contribute much to the series. Most of the episodes of the whole season spoiled the experience for me. Didn't enjoy it at all, hope the next season if it ...
Strait Jacket is full of interesting ideas that other anime do better. There is nothing special about the series which spends most of its time fleshing out characters that bear no real relevance to the plot. The animation is dated, and while there are moments of action it is plagued by poor pacing and character development. Many of the characters have no purpose, there is no character growth, and nothing of real importance occurs during the runtime. The ending is predictable and unenjoyable. It seems like this OVA was created solely for fans of the light novel and no one ...
Extremely predictable and just not funny, despite bringing back a joke villain to tell more jokes. Rather than try to leverage Foxy and the Davy Back Fight concept into something interesting, this special gets rid of that almost immediately in favor of another one of One Piece's "split the party" plots that goes absolutely nowhere. The best joke in this is that the villain is fucking Zhuge Liang but a dumbass.. . I got bored, so I listened to the second half dubbed into English, which mostly made me think...why was this dubbed into English under capitalism? What was the plan to profit off of this? Are ...
a show too ambitious for it's own good, I got my hopes up with the first episode, before seeing the same old formula of overpowered mc that never struggles, gets all the girls because why not?, and a world that revolves around making "chad" mc look cool.. . to be honest, the mc is the only thing holding the show back, perhaps drawing inspiration from shows like Overlord, but making the mistake of focusing too hard on an MC that although unique, can't quite carry the show by himself.. . it might be trying to be a parody of some sort but fails to change up the tropes ...
Appaling queerbait. Does not do well for the update to modern times. People deserve to know that it's bland, rapey and vaguely homophobic in its fetishistic gaze that does not allow certain characters to ever act like human beings. Really gets off on it's suffering, though I suppose there's worse out there. Hopefully the manga is better, at least for it's time period.. . Apparently I haven't written enough. Is the story unique? Yes and no. It's uniquely frustrating. It's got some unusual plot points, but I think most of us have read or seen better stuff about gangs (and US drug experimentation) than this. For ...
I will lead off by saying a few positive things about TenKen. First and most importantly, Fran, the preteen catgirl that wields the titular sword, is very adorable. Additionally, the action scenes are quite nicely animated when they put in some effort. The series also portrays slavery negatively and firmly resists sexualizing its 12 year old main heroine, which really should not count as praise, but is far from a given in similar isekai stories.. . Beyond that though, there is very little to recommend here. Virtually every character besides Fran and her sword is either annoying or unmemorable. The overarching story (Fran joins the adventurer's guild ...
(for context this review was made by 3 people, more details in our account). . -Isekai Hater (rating 1): This is one of the worst isekais i ever watched, and yes, i have watched Conception. This is just pointless, the MC is just too fucking strong, he has all magical ability, he has a smartphone who can have all the information and with that he can constructs a gun… yes, a gun. So, you are just waiting for him to win every fight, and that doesn’t happen, because for some reason, the anime has him just there, not just killing every enemy, and letting his harem of ...
Just another one-trick pony isekai that we have seen multitudes of, this one starts strong and has an interesting premise. Still, the main fault is how many big things like an exciting power system, a good character development arc, and likable secondary characters, only to forget them one frame or episode later. the kawaii ness of fran is as long-lasting as is Anya, since it may be cute and wholesome for a while, but it just seems way too idealistic (the kid is just always adorable huh? is that how kids are?) after some time, the whole point is about Fran being a good ...
'Taming the Final Boss' is a mildly enjoyable diversion at best: it's an uninspired romantic comedy in an uninspired fantasy setting with a convoluted premise, a badly rushed plot, and lackluster romance and comedy. Though the setup is superficially similar to this year's excellent 'Trapped in a Dating Sim', what develops is much less impressive: like a winning chess position, except every piece is slightly misplaced.. . The pacing is a disaster: the season is crammed with standalone arcs, each of which is rushed, all of which together leave little time for characters and relationships to develop. Nine episodes in, the show is still introducing entire factions ...
One of the greatest disappointments ever seen in anime. Not recommended for good plot/development connoisseurs.. . Once people have seen/read a certain amount and variety of any recreational media and have lost the "teen" in their age, they tend to get more genuine and generous with the overall rating, but also that exposure gives them a more critical eye to the media in question.. With the internet becoming a widely and massively accessible platform, and globalisation going full throtle, the popularisation of anime worldwide came in like a storm, the basic principle consumption=demand=more production gave anime/manga a bigger stage to shine on and bigger audience, but that ...
This review was written on Sep 25, but never sought the light of day until now.. . This anime is clustered with flaws, ranging from plot contrivances, tonal discrepancies, character inconsistencies, and abundant fanservice made to pander to anyone to watch. It's a ridiculous show where the waifus all battle due to their association with the main character, which gradually worsens later.. . Issue 1: The plot. The storytelling in this original series makes you think as if the writers just pull some disgusting waste out of their 'god-knows-what' hole to shove some confusing and boring story down your throat. It also has plenty of downtimes, what does it use ...
Tokyo Revengers is a shit show of magnificent proportions, fans of shounen anime have done themselves a disservice by labelling this as one of the best shounen of 2021, not to mention labelling it as “different and unique”. It’s often said the worst thing you can do to a series is overhype it, because when it inevitably turns out to be utterly mediocre, it won’t meet anyone’s expectations.. . Tokyo Revengers is not only unexceptional, but it’s painfully generic and boring as hell, and since its production values are shoddy as shit, you’ll never be able to pull a Demon Slayer and use cool fights to excuse ...
This anime should have a "Slice of life" tag.. . Because it is so slow, with so much talking that some episodes don't even need visuals, but even with that, there is close to no character development. On top of that, there are too much illogical and too easy-to-predict things.. . When I finished all 22 eps, I didn't even care anything for the characters or the story. How badly can the story progress if I feel like that after watching the last episode... It is such a waste because the idea itself is very interesting and the animations are pretty good too.
The anime was boring as balls, the animation was poor as balls, the creators were probably broke as balls, and there was a severe lack of balls themselves if you compare this to the game.. . I'm a big fan of DMMD, as in the game, I hate the anime.. . While watching this, I was literally so bored and I did not know what was going on whatsoever. The storyline was jumbled, it barely even made any of the characters seem interesting at all, and I was so lost I genuinely didn't want to finish it but I pushed through and it was not worth it.. . I'll keep this ...
My review will be short since there's barely anything to talk about this anime. So Kaifuku Jutsushi no Yarinaoshi or Redo of Healer is another failed attempt to please the edgelord of studio TNK - famous for animating Highschool DxD, School Days, Ikkitousen,.... . In short, a classic do-it-all, know-it-all somehow overpowered protagonist goes on a quest to revenge the NPCs that've done him wrong in life + some hentai scenes. That's it. Everything in this anime is dumbed down to elementary level so there's no resistance to what he would do. I'm surprised he didn't just teleport and kill all of them in one go. ...
Man, I was really rooting for RWBY: Ice Queendom to do well because I'm quite a fan of the expansive world that the original online show produced, but for viewers new to the whole RWBY world, this series really doesn't reflect how deep and fast past the original is. We're probably not suppose to compare non-anime to anime, but let's call it what it is - RWBY: Ice Queendom is a pretty big disappointment. I'll try and keep my comparisons to a minimum for any new viewers.. . Story: RWBY: Ice Queendom takes place in the world of Remnent, where prospective huntsmen and huntresses go ...
Lookism, it's an anime show that are one of the creations of korea, everyone knows koreans are the peak of wiriting when it comes to drama, and it gonna remain that way for a while.. You know what i mean, and i know you can already probably imagine one, you name it.. Lookism on the other hand is a depicting picture of an infuriating writer that just throw around unrealistic scenario and behavior of HIGHSCHOOL characters that we cant say that doesnt exist, but much like this isnt going to exist without being punished by the legal authorities.. Welcome to Lookism, where bullying comes with different departments and ...
Sonny Boy was truly bad viewing, demanding the audience to infuse their own meaning into a bunch of disjointed, nonsensical stories, as the production quality slowly dwindles toward an unsatisfying ending.. . Story - 1/10. Characters - 2/10. Sound - 1.5/5. Animation - 3/5. Avg - 2.5/10. . Sonny Boy has great potential due to its commitment to bizarro, intangible, freeform concepts and storylines that allow for deep psychological exploration and avant-garde animation.. . It wastes that potential by filling episodes with very poorly-developed plots that lack any realism to help the viewer make profound connections to real life, as well as a complete lack of cohesion throughout. The first 1-3 episodes work somewhat well, ...
Well this was another disappointment. This show had potential: it has a lot of great elements that could make a good show, and even a potentially good story, but it is carried out in a lazy fashion. Lots of the typical flashbacks to fill in information in a poor way, lots of shallow characters, weird style choices for lots of things (why do you have robots in a fantasy/adventure genre? The usual weird Japanese desire to insert mechas into everything which makes no sense why you have a futuristic concept in a supposedly fantasy-adventure setting). You have your typical male main character who knows everything ...
Have you ever dreamed of getting a very cute girlfriend? but you can't do it because everyone seems like too perverse for you? then alas this anime is kinda just like you!  . . Jokes aside. This anime almost sucks for me, but the mystery plot is what I like the most, solving it by getting with other girls but it's just thru pervert acts, it's like watching hentai stuff but no sex involves, it's okay, ecchi animes is known for buzzkill scenes. If you want to watch this anime because it's just ecchi go ahead but if you want with interesting "thicc" plot action, nope your ...
Blue Lock, at least so far, has not been good.. . For months prior to the airing of this show I had been hearing nothing but great things about the manga. "It's peak!", "It's the best new-gen!", etc. Maybe I just got spoiled by how good Aoashi was, but this show has been neither of those things.. . The art and animation, which I thought would be the only guaranteed great thing about the show, is arguably the worst. Every episode, every scene, and every shot looks exactly the same. The same color palette, the same backgrounds, and the same lighting. Bland blues and grays are the only colors ...
I really can't comprehend why people like this. Just seems like some low-effort fan fiction meant to revise the original and provide a "happy" ending with all the dumb "ships" included. Incredibly disappointing. Subpar CGI used during the majority of action sequences does not help.. Probably the only watchable part of the movie was the beginning, which gave glimpse that there may have been some form of character development about to happen. Moreover, the new character just does not fit in. No real backstory was provided for her and she still feels like some fan service insert to attract the weebs. Shame...
When this series first started airing I was intrigued. Here was a story that wasn't nothing new in the way of anime stories go, but it was seeming self aware and ready to take strides towards creating a story that had depth, development and importantly plot. It introduced a MC that was cognizant of his inadequacies and created a goal to strive towards.. . However now here we are in S4 and everything that S1 started, this season killed.. . The MC is still weak minded (But hey don't worry about power up because he's got "God Mode" to help him level up), whiny and incompetent and sorely ...
This should be short.. . I love Soushoku Dragon the comic. It's a nice, fun gag story with a simple premise about an innocent dragon who got wrongfully worshipped by a girl for being the evil dragon. The art was decent and the pacing was just enough to keep the humour and the interest going.. . The same cannot be said about the animated series. This production is not at all bad. The animation style, colouring and drawings are all fine. They look fine. However, for a gag series, I didn't laugh. I might come off as harsh, but its direction felt quite antiquated. It reminded me of ...
And here I thought only cats had many lives. This anime is here to educate us how even rabbits have this trait. But you know what? You don’t need to waste 7 hours of your life (much less 7 lives) on a show that was made to be a throw away from the get go. From the retarded premise, to the generic plot, the stereotypical characters, the tired ecchi jokes, and the idiotic battles before everything ends openly without even bothering to explain half of what the devil is going on in here, this anime was almost made to be ignored, if not loathed.. . Here you ...
I was so excited when i heard about this, the backstory and the art was the only thing that caught my attention in the first place.. and thats it...nothing more, and im so sorry but after watching 7 episodes its so boring as hell, lots of talking less action. its really painful to watch, the feeling is like when your professor is teaching a boring ass lecture then you fell asleep half way through.. but despite all of that, i might give it a try to watch it again in the future.. . the characters were interesting, the art 10/10.. . Note: i havent read the manga
One of the worst shows I have ever watched. . I was excited to watch this show after a friend raved about the webcomic, however it was an extreme disappointment.. . The biggest gripe I have with this show is the terrible characters. The characters are unrelatable and inhuman, exaggerated so grotesquely and twisted out of shape from some writer's delusional Wattpad fantasies. I enjoyed none of the characters, as they were either extremely unpleasant and annoying, or boring and dull. The MC's second body is perfect in every single way, and somehow has learned acrobatics, gymnastics, lightning fast reflexes, and super strength by being pummeled by his past ...
Hinata should have been infertile.. . . I have nothing more to say.. You all know perfectly well what this show is, why it was made and for what audience.. There is literally nothing else that needs to be said.. . Stop reading this review, there is nothing more to say here.. I could argue and list hundreds of thousands of points why this show is what it is, where it fails and where it... well I won't even finish this sentence because all has been said.. . All I can say is learn to let go, move on and watch something more. There is so much you can do right now.
SCRIPT. The Toaru franchise is more known for its complex terminology and elaborate world building than for its plot. In the story, magic and science are at war all over the world, but the viewer spends the series in a city where most people are teenagers with superpowers who get to have generic adventures. The story sounds great on paper because the author put a lot of work in explaining the various magical and scientific powers that many characters possess. The plot however is as typical as it gets when it comes to light novels. Despite the variety in themes and special abilities the protagonist is ...
*review for both seasons. . This show is one of the most flavorless anime of all time, with the worst animation of any anime I have reviewed so far. The story follows a guy who gets iseakied with his entire class and gets outcast from them, before collecting the most 1d harem while being edgy and being more edgy. The plot is the most straightforward, with a very regular progression with the same plot progression and the same thing happening again and again in the same way with the same character interactions with different characters. On top of this, the characters feel extremely superficial. Almost every single ...
‘What is the definition of insanity? It is doing the exact thing again and again and expecting things to change’. This, the whole “make every episode set up an event that makes the main couple feel like they were destined to be together or else the universe would explode is a bit too greasy for me”. . In all honesty, this show Is enjoyable to a certain degree, the first 5 are great, but then it keeps trying to repeat the same things repeatedly.you or the main couple cant seem to catch a break xD.. . . . Story :- 6/10. The plot design is shojo Esque, it follows those correctly, but tries ...
The first season of the Netflix Baki anime has a fantastic plot that kept me engaged from start to finish. The animation, while not the best, is still good enough to be enjoyable. The art style is not my favorite, but it doesn't take away from the overall experience.. . The characters in this anime are well-developed and have their own unique personalities and backgrounds. The English voice acting is top-notch and really brings the characters to life.. . One of the strong points of this anime is its diversity. It features a wide range of characters from different countries and backgrounds, which helps to create a more interesting ...
Area 88 is a manga that ran from '79 to '86. So, this is even older than I am. In 1985 it got a three episode OVA from Pierrot. That's right. The studio behind Ayashi no Ceres, Hikaru no Go & The Choujo. But not everything they've done is mediocre at best. They also did Yu Yu Hakusho and a few other good anime. But most of the anime I've reviewed from them don't inspire confidence.. . Story:. . The basic story is that a Japanese commercial pilot named Kazama Shin is tricked into signing up for a mercenary force in war torn Aslan, not the lion. In ...
I've yet to see any anime like this, with so much yet so little going on at the same time.. . This feels like a total waste of what could have potentially been an extremely interesting concept for a story, but I don't really know what Blade Studio was trying to go for here. It quickly became just a ironically funny, mediocre show to watch. . Plot: It's basic, in a world where taking tests decides your fate as a member of society, students fall into 1 of 2 categories. Learning Type or "L-Type" and Cheating Type or "C-Type". The L-Types finish the tests and give the answers the ...
Damn. That shit kinda sucked. I dont even know why i watched it. The cats were dogs tho. The story was kinda weird. I dont even remember what happened. The art style was good. The characters were kinda weird. The reactions of them were okay tho. I dont think anyone would enjoy it tho. The boy with the white hair was too much uwu-boy. the other guy was the edgy anime protagonist. Different Anime same shit. The Webside tells me to write more about the anime but honestly idk what to tell you. If youre really really bored watch it.. . I think i drank ...
tl;dr: An ecchi sentai that isn’t particularly ecchi or sentai.. . HxEros is anime that’s pretty much just an ecchi take on sentai, though I wouldn’t say it’s a particularly good one. It follows the standard formula of sentai, wherein a color coded team of heroes known as HxEros fights off a new alien villain known as a Kiseichuu each episode ultimately leading up to fighting the big bad on top.. . However, it was missing most of the staples that I think fans expect from sentai. The transformation sequences only occurred very late in the series and were very minimal. The single combination attack, if it can even ...
Plot: 6. - Incredibly underwhelming story, given the synopsis you'd expect there to be a central idea embedded into 24 episodes. However, there is no central plot, rather its a collection of sub plots every 3- 4 episodes.. - Character development is near minimal, plot development makes no sense most of the time and not once is there an expression of any form of empathy.. - Side characters ended up being more interesting than the MC, who btw was just an arrogant and overpowered brat with no sense of emotion.. . Animation: 6.5. - Given its 2007, its slightly on the weaker side but holds up well most ...
Okay, listen up! For all those who are bored to read a long review just know this: "I found a lot of subjective flaws in this movie and I don't recommend it. Heck, as a fan of the franchise for more than 20 years I even found it insulting.". For all the others fellow OP fans, keep reading.... . Firstly let us look at the summary of this movie.. Cruela de Vil's daughter, dyes the black part of her hair red (because of her daddy issues with Shanks), becomes a famous singer a la Katy Perry, gets high on cute addictive mushrooms on stage and creates her own ...
ONE OF WORST TRANSLATIONS I EVER SEEN.. . In starting episodes translations are good but episodes progress they are worst, even a single word match the situation. I don't know who translated this It's better without translation.. . Story was below average. There is no logic in script. Story was predictable, art style was not good, MC is strong but you can't feel it because character development it not good.. . Because of a sudden kindness, Liang Xi has ten thousand years of true power, and joins Tianlingmen to embark on the official path of self-cultivation. Turning your hands into clouds and covering your hands into rain, while talking and ...
Birdie Wing is a mediocre show that attempts to straddle the line between romance and action/comedy and fails to excel at either, petering out somewhere around the halfway point of the season.. . The two main characters – Eve, an underworld golfer that makes money on shady bets, and Aoi, a high-society optimist who’s simply better than any of her peers – meet through coincidental circumstances through mutual love of the game and then proceed to fail to develop their characters any further in any way. They’re already at “full power,” as it is, having their perfect shots that easily win them every golf game they're in, ...
This is a completely different show than the first season. The first season was a comedy drama. The second season is a gag laden slice-of-life.. . Most of this is filler that doesn't move the plot forward or explore character growth in any way that hasn't already been done. Episodes include:. - Yor trying to bring a forgotten uniform to Anya's school. - Yor learning how to cook. - Scruffy head preparing for a date.. . This is not interesting, and not a good use of the time for minimal (if at all) character "growth' or "exploration." There will be one episode of Yor trying to be a good mother, only ...
Fatigue the anime.. . It kicks off in a promising direction, with exciting characters. The entire premise and beginning are great, but as the episodes start to pile up, while it introduces a plethora of side characters and ventures into even more side storylines, it grows increasingly more evident that it has nothing to say. The story builds in the tempo of a snail, which would not be much of an issue, but the show after a certain event (library) starts to forcefully, but again very slowly, regress all its past choices.. . I lost any remaining interest I had when I realized that every story progression circles back ...
Overall: old computer game engine is used to create an anime which lacks substance.. . Art: It is like watching somebody playing a computer game from 2000. A lot of CGI, mostly animated rocks or foliage. Animated cutscenes with animation on the level of "Full throttle" (i.e. 1996).. . Story: The plot is yawn so far. "Bureau 13" premise with a bit of Hellboy and Indiana Jones. Too many cave scenes, perhaps the limitation of the graphic engine: they gave a graphic engine to render rocks so they make caves.. The scenes of secret Jame-Bond-like base are again from very old computer game/. . The characters are yawn: a lot of ...
I recently watched the anime "Dance with Devils" and I have to say, I was thoroughly disappointed. The animation was mediocre at best and the characters were shallow and uninteresting. The story follows Ritsuka Tachibana, a high school student who is constantly attacked by a group of unappealing and unoriginal devils. As she tries to avoid being killed by these boring and one-dimensional villains, she must also deal with the challange of figuring out how to end up on side of milk carton.. . The plot of this show is unoriginal and unengaging, with nothing new or exciting to offer. The music was also forgettable and did ...
Good concept but some of parts of the story are annoying and unbearable to watch.. . The concept of people who got isekaied are too much for the world is interesting.. The magic system is quite good.. World is interesting.. . Although yuri is a nice addition, it's just annoying sometimes. Specially the main isekaied girl. It's just unbearable when she is on screen. It ruins anything good about the main concept of the plot.. It's like ecchi ruining a perfect moment.. Everyone else's interactions were fine.. . All and all not worth the time, just because it has a new concept. I watched the whole thing just because I happened have all episodes ...
Plot: 6. - If you want a filler anime, there are better options. This is an aight story with an aight execution.. - First 6 ep were amazing, everything made sense from the motivations of the characters to the problem definition. What happened afterwards was a complete U-turn. For some strange reason, the entire plot shifted and made no sense whatsoever. For an anime to start of so strong and become terrible so quick shows clearly that manga wasn't followed properly.. - 3 out of 10 characters are portrayed, the remainder are just there to waste time by being useless obstacles.. . Animation: 7. - Some good fight ...
Mostly incoherent with lots of signs that production of this show did not go well. The key staff involved aren't unskilled or even new to the Witches franchise, but seeing that there are SIX more producer credits than there are episodes, things start to make sense. The badness is jarring after it seemed like they were getting this series pretty well dialed-in after doing Brave Witches, Road to Berlin, and Take-Off in a row, which were all pretty great. This show is not those. Only watch if you will literally die without watching a new idol anime.. . The good: The voice acting is fine or pretty ...
The storyline itself is 1/10 appalling, but I rated it 2/10 because the animation and sound are goddamn beautiful. Seriously, this show does not deserve such gorgeous art and music. It's literally stunning. They should have hired this team to animate Sailor Moon Crystal so it wouldn't look like trash.. . But anyways, the storyline itself sucks. The characters suck (no pun intended) and are literally irredeemable. Episode 4 is especially appalling and straight out of some r*pe fantasy. Who wrote this and why did they put it out into the world?? Honestly the best way to consume this anime is to watch the Japanese version ...
This is in the Big 3 of shoujo anime (along with Ouran and Fruits Basket) so I have tried many times to get into it, but every time I end up dropping it. The best things about this anime are the opening song and some of the humor with the side characters. I like her sister and the other maids at the cafe. Some scenes made me laugh unexpectedly.. . The reason I gave it a 5/10 (average) is because it literally is that. Average. It does a good job fulfilling its role as a fun romcom. It's not groundbreaking, but it's not bad. It's...fine. ...
"I don't even know how I feel.". . -- the following is a discussion on how a rushed, mediocre manga ending can be made worse and why that ending fails to deliver. acts as a discussion of the whole series, intended for those who have already finished it. reader discretion is advised. --. . Have you ever heard "The Distance" by Cake? It's a wonderful alternative rock track that came out in the 90s' by a band that deserves more recognition for being incredibly creative and fun. The song is about a relationship. A racing junkie, spending time practicing and practicing, neglecting his lover. This obsession destroys the idea ...
Do not watch this and do not be fooled by this MAL score. This season is by far the worst that could have happened to the best anime ever known to mankind. If you're going to watch this anyway, well my friend, welcome to hell. P.S. I'm saying this is bad as a continuation to the original anime, if you separate the final season from other seasons, while still not the best it is still enjoyable. This would be probably my harshest review because AOT is and will be my favorite anime of all time and the disservice to its legacy by this last season ...
That one goes squarely against my values.. . Raphtalia was the reason I watched it. I almost watched Re:Zero because of Rem, but some online board talked me out of it. Probably for the best. I like both slave girls and maids so both characters are of great interest to me.. . Raphtalia is for the most part ok, though she is way too enthusiastic for my tastes. She alone however cannot fix this awful show.. . Shield Hero himself lives a life of contradiction. People of this world despise him and look down on him. Instead of just laughing and watching from sidelines, as monsters destroy their civilization and kill ...
Just watch Digimon for a better VR experience. Or just buy a Steam Deck. Or just have a nice dream of shooting up kids. All are valid and better options over watching SAO II.. . . . . The story was designed for lonely virgins who've never washed their socks or played an online competitive game. Where's the toxicity, personal insults, and ethnic slurs? It was one of the stories of all time, and Morbius was less predictable than it.. . As for the characters themselves, Kirito was the only likeable female character, and the most dislikeable male character. What truly stood out about her was her flat chest, and ...
Im not sure.. for new anime watchers this show can be really nice entertainment for a night times .. but if you watched animes like shirobako or k-on etc., you will ask yourself " when i will see something, thats new " . I see the same patterns- shyness,akwardness when there is some miscomunication or something gets broken and the plots extends.. idk man.. IF YOU AT LEAST HAVE SEEN 5-6 ANIMES based on music bands, i dont recommend, since you will be dissapointed thinking how overhyped this is and you expected something really good ... at least the opening-first 2 ep were "original" ...
This was probably one of the strangest anime I have encountered.. The designs and animation quality aren’t bad at all, and I loved the opening.. The protagonist is a total idiot: she always walks straight into the danger.. The plot is weird and only really shows that it’s there in the remaining few episodes.. This anime awoke something inside of me and I think I’m now a masochist who wants to have a harem of hot vampire men who would suck my blood inside a church.. I felt like this was a hentai but with blood sucking instead.. There’s also a sadistic Micheal Jackson if you’re into that.
This feels like one of Yamamura's more commercial works, and I wouldn't be surprised if it were commissioned. The art is simple and childlike and a tad crude, but it can be charming when it comes to the animation, though it's nothing very exceptional, especially with the more abstract and dramatic forms Yamamura has committed to the medium. Yeah, this must be one of his worst, other than some of the quite amateurish early credits, and even as a committed Yamamura fan, I saw this as a completionist nope for the longest time.. . It's like some kind of fable without much of a lesson, and ...
Plot: In a POV that makes the shorts seem like a VR that you are a part of, it is literally just a short series of a guy begging and sexually harassing girls to see their boobs/panties. They literally put in the description "Grovel long enough, and you'll get what you want" and I just...can't understand who you would want to receive that message? I get it's "supposed" to be humorous, but it's not, it's creepy.. . I really don't even know why I watched this, I went into this completely blind, and after episode 1, it was just the same thing over and over.. . I mean, ...
This is of interest for Akiyuki Shinbou fans primarily, as Yamamoto Youko was one of his earlier directorial credits, and he also storyboarded a few episodes. The OVA was based on a novel that I doubt many here are familiar with. The writing definitely doesn't feel very "literary." It honestly feels cobbled together. Like, the plot: there's a very thin time-travel element here. They travel 1,000 years back in time to the 20th century to recruit high school girls who will pilot experimental ships and compete against other high school girls. What...? Why? If this is like some futuristic version of women's sports, don't they ...
This anime happened to land on my list because I like a good sex comedy anime every once in awhile like a palate cleanser. They don't have to be too deep or involved. One thing I would like them to have though is a story. Any story. This anime doesn't have a story. It's not even like each episode has its own little story. It just doesn't really have one. What it does have is a series of vignettes where a school student runs into his teacher in compromising positions over and over and over again. Each "episode" (they're like 10-12 minutes long, by the ...
It had a lot on its plate between finishing the series, building up the characters to their climax, having Futaro choose a girl, have him figure out which is which and such and such. In my mind, this didn't even have to be the finale, they could've made it a side story or just saved it for later and got more content first but that's not how the manga goes. It tries to cram all that content in there when it doesn't have to, a season 3 would've sufficed better in my opinion and given this ending time to flourish and grow. Your enjoyment of ...
Seemed promising and has some scenes and ideas that are executed well but is just another cisheteronormative show that paddles ableism, the classic "oh I need a cure so I'm going to rampage and murder" trope, not to be gatekeepey but said character seemed to be functioning fine enough as well nothing terminal or cthulhu-madness-y deserving the cruelty seeking behaviour, as in no reason given aside from "you ill? well, go mad for a cure" which is?. . Ableism, no eldritch mind control nor any character background of cruelty before becoming ill etc, just "ill? cruel".. . Site requires a longer review, so just adding - sure the world ...
A pedophilic show, dressing as a romantic comedy. The reason is clear if you see Rie Kugimiya in the voice acting cast; she is voicing nothing else but loli tsunderes in romcoms. And it’s not like the similarities end just with her name; the entire show is basically a rehash of the anime she gained her fame in the past. “Meek boy summoned to a magic world to serve as butler a rich spoiled loli tsundere” is basically a fusion of Familiar of Zero with Hayate no Gotoku. And just like those aforementioned anime, Astarotte no Omocha has very little plot and lots n’ lots ...
This show is basically an advertisement for a game I didn't know existed. It's an eight 25 minute episodes worth advertisement. I couldn't spoil this anime even if I wanted to since there's nothing to spoil. There's literally no story, just number of facts and interesting tidbits, alluding to a story happening elsewhere, sprinkled around.. . Characters are given some development even though most of them feel painfully simplistic in their behavior. Animation for the most part is competent. Sound as well. But up to point I watched number of things happened that feel like world building but then nothing is done with information you are given. ...
The creators of Death Nate tried to break away from their dark plot style by creating Bakuman., so here comes Platinum End. It's still dark but much less than their first masterpiece but I still consider Platinum End another masterpiece.. . Because its author did not let his fear prevent him from extending his philosophy far and wide.. . It's rare for an anime to be about a religion that isn't easy to understand, the creators of Platinum End deserve some praise even if they aren't the Lords. They need some breastfeeding.. . By the way, the main protagonist is pretty boring to be honest, but luckily he didn't b... Xyz ...
1/10. . A nationwide high school program that "prepares" you for marriage by forcing you into a domestic relationship with a random person? Seems like it wouldn't work. So I guess it's a good thing that if you do things that appear to be marriage-worthy (read: generate ecchi scenes), you will be graded well. Why would you bother? Because the highest graded couples can trade partners.. . That's right, the best plan an entire nation can supposedly come up with to prepare people for marriage is, "pair random *minors*, monitor them on camera, and force them to put on a happy, loving façade for those around them, and then ...
Space Dandy has phenomenal animation and art with some decent sound effects but with its non continuity based nature it makes it incredibly difficult to care about what happens each episode. There is only one that comes to mind where I genuinely enjoyed watching it being Episode 5. This being the main protagonist Dandy capturing a young orphan alien girl under the pretense of delivering her to the alien registration center. As the episode progresses the two begin to become close leading to a very heartwarming and satisfying ending. Every single other episode failed miserably when it came to introducing an engaging story that made ...
Every other isekai is better than this. Everything in this series is subpar, the characters (design and story), are all generic and bland. Cardboard cur outs, disposable. Easily replacable by characters from better series, even from different genres. Completely unmemorable. The animation seems cheap, like the went over budget for the first two episodes. The plot lacks any sort of drama because by the half way mark he's so rich and powerful he has no rivals. I feel this was worse than Isekai Cheat Magician. In that series they didn't suddenly "earn" their powers. Nor did they coincidence their way into a harem. But they ...
This anime, the story and everything about it screams to me.. "How to get blacklisted by every company on the scene and how to lie for personal profit for a living". . Yeah, the characters are interesting.. The design and art is also interesting.. What is not interesting is the story based on lies and just clear misunderstanding.. . I get it, the writer of this series wanted it to be unique and refreshing.. But, this is what you don't want to do at all costs in life.. . ...
This Anime was directed by Makoto Kobayashi of Dragons Haven Fame. I was interested in watching 3 episode OVA series the Story is set in Tokyo, Japan like some Japanese Anime where a virus caused the extinction of the male population. Now, women take the reins to create factions and must survive in a world where monsters exist created by a Biological weapon called I.C.E. Which focuses on two characters Hitomi Landsknecht and Yuki Kusaragi by fate and uncover a conspiracy surrounding I.C.E.. . The Animation. . It felt like watching anime from the 90s yet released in 2007 which tries its hardest to blend CGI and 2d ...
What a disappointment Yurei Deco is. Even the very different and nice art style could not save this anime.. I had a lot of expectations for an anime of Science SARU, Yuasa's company. In fact, we started well. The first two episodes were very good. The protagonist is curious and fun. She, like us viewers, is introduced to a new occult world.  It is the world below the cyber world of social networks and the dominant society. And that' s the first problem. We are introduced to a world that is a bit "distopic", but the characters don't find it that way. In truth, this is ...
Overrated and boring. I never got around to it during its air time, but I did hear about the hype. With the second season coming I thought now is a good time to watch it. It did not live up to even 1/8th of my expectations, I was expecting to be moved emotionally and intrigued. Alas it was as if I tasted a single cold noodle, sad, bland and not filling. Its not even the lack of action I love Mushishi, someone had the audacity to compare the two. At least Four important things separate the them.. 1: Character design, even one episode andys are ...
oh look, generic op mc is underestimated by the popular kids but 5 minutes later and with zero effort instantly becomes super op and gets all the girls because he's just that special. did I mention he's super powerful and special without even trying and everyone loves him?. . there, I saved you the time of watching the anime equivalent of filtered tap water. . ignoring the cookie cutter setting, the obvious and shoehorned plot device of his original Disney movie bully-type party firing him for no reason just because they suck so the mc can feel more special when they beg him to come back, and zero ...
Plot : unrealistic and basic, like a copy paste of 90% of sport animes but not as good. . Characters : In my opinion they are mostly cringe …. . Art and music : OK. . Animation : almost none, it’s only fixed pictures …. . Voice acting : I didn’t like it but I think it’s the first anime for almost all the staff. . ...
I have a simple heuristic regarding JoJo - a good part is followed by a bad part. Considering how much I liked Part 4 (my favourite, just above Battle Tendency), I had braced myself, but this one still fell flat. In my review of Part 4, I said how a simple change of genre and deletion of the "save-the-world" trope fixed everything that was wrong with Part 3 for me. That was a very creative solution but also a roundabout way of going around things. In Part 5, Araki is more direct because this is a very simple rehash of Part 3. Now, I think ...
I bought Fire in His Fingertips -My Childhood Friend is a Fireman blu-ray in the United States by Ascendant Animation, an American recording studio and distributor. When i put in the blu-ray disc in my external blu-ray player in my computer, the bluray player software pops up to ask if you want to watch the on air or uncut. I clicked on the "uncut version" correctly while clicking on the english audio without subtitles. . But when the sex scenes start playing, that's when the worst part of this release was found. The company never openly stated or informed fans that this so called uncut ...
Well, yeah. The plauge of the "stupidly naive and dense moral-compass protagonist" trope. I mean, when I see this archetype, I already know, I'll feel bad for all of the people around the MC, because they'll suffer a lot while they try to protect the dense protagonist from his own stupidity. I really don't get it why do people glorify recklessness. Not to mention the complete ignorance of the safety of the loved ones. Sadly, if I see these absolutely avoidable situations, I cannot hate the "bad guys", I can only blame the MC for his rush, stuipd, and stubborn decisions. What makes this even ...
This is a review taking into consideration that I've watched the OG anime from 1984. Expect some trivia! I won't spoil anything that wasn't shown in the 1984 OG. In case you want to know at what point the new content starts for those that have watched the OG, you can start watching this on the 2nd half of the 24th episode, onwards.. . Visuals:. 1) visuals aren't faithful to the manga (like the OG series was) but I like how they are much more colorful. 2) recycled animation. 3) dislike the "mask visuals" that never existed in any of the previous adaptations. . . Sound:. 1) Not a fan of ...
Bleach is just your typical generic shounen. The beginning wasn't that bad and soul society is the best arc the series had to offer, but after that it becomes a repetitive, boring mess. The author's lack of imagination is astounding. So we have a whole arc about Ichigo and the gang trying to rescue rukia and guess what the next arc is about? Ichigo and the gang trying to rescue Orihime... The power system was interesting at first but then it got boring quickly. Ichigo vs Byakuya, Ichigo pulls out his hollow mask. Okay. Ichigo vs Ulquiorra, this time he transforms full hollow out of ...
After a long time after the release of the original anime, this final arc is released to be the exact same thing as it's predecessor. A very average Shounen anime full of filers, repetitive and boring.. . Only if you liked the previous arcs (a lot) will make sense to you to watch this mess of an anime because you will use the nostalgia factor to react to character outcomes.. . Characters: 6/10. Animation: 8/10. Dialogue: 3/10. Art and Style: 7/10. Story: 4/10. . Favorite characters won't appear like Yoruichi Shihōin and other beloved characters will have too few time for them like Nelliel Tu Odelschwanck. While other honestly annoying characters such as most antagonists ...
I was hopeful and excited about this anime before it released. Ninjas? Awesome! Ninja school? Even better!. . .......too bad it fails to generate any excitement from episode to episode. I'm about to watch the 8th episode and it still has not shown much of anything worth continuing to watch this series. There is almost zero action......at all. What action that is shown is very brief and boring.. . The "ninja suits" might sound like a cool theme, but they look stupidly bad, the appearance is the same as one another, and still has not shown much difference in capabilities despite being told that there can be differences ...
If Ray Bradbury had an anime.. . The concept is fun, pitting two sides against each other on the side of censorship or preservation, hence a "Library War". To think that books would cause a war, right? With shooting and bullets and guns and boot camp. Even with "war", it keeps a semi-light hearted tone, it's kind of hard to describe but to me "stringy" sounds good. It doesn't get gritty or bloody and it's not a rom-com, but it has slapstick moments, an in-betweener, I suppose.. . It's been said before with a handful of anime (I know Kuroko's Basketball had this problem) but it applies ...
The art style and designs are obvious hommage to night on the galactic railroad, or, rather "Because it worked once for Miyazawa, let's not reinvent the wheel." The problem is, as always, they just copied the approach without ever getting into why it worked.. I, personally, don't mind any design as long as it doesn't get in a good story's way, but in this particular case it's rather irritating and distracting. It's like they're saying in your face, "You can't enjoy a story intended for children as an adult, because we enforce childish designs over it for no good reason." The same can be said ...
I enjoyed watching the anime and it was a real pleasure to watch, however, the last episode and the ending made me really sad and angry. i really wanted them to have a good life, it had so much build-up, then for it to be completely ruined by the end. Never have i been so disappointed by an ending, i completely didn't expect and it im mad about this more than i was with school days. Some much build-up, yet it was all for nothing, a very cruel and sick story. Hayami deserved better, this frustration is going to take a while to go. i ...
I could not understand how can so good looking anime score only 6 points, but now after watching it, it became completely clear to me.. You could make story that makes less sense with worse development and less likeable characters that never make any sense only if you hired ex-twitter workers and asked them to write their biography. To invest 11 from 12 episodes in to the worst character this series has (girl of cold powers that never makes anything likeable but people unreasonably risk life for her and everyone says nice things about her for no reason) For example she will say" You ...
English.. This is a recap of season 1.. Only it's a recap with Kurumi's perspective.. From my point of view you have to necessarily watch season 1 to see this recap.. This chapter serves so that you can see the series from another perspective, that does not mean that by watching this you will already know what happened in season 1, so I recommend that you better watch season 1 and then see this chapter to refresh it (it is still worth it more see a summary of the series elsewhere).. . Español.. Esto es una recapitulación de la temporada 1.. Solo que es una recapitulación con la perspectiva de Kurumi.. Desde mi punto ...
Thought this show would be interesting as it had a solid premise and a good overall score (it was at an 8 at the time of this review). Unfortunately, I was left disappointed. I feel like there’s so much they could of shown when it comes to what life is like after a major earthquake, but instead the show decides for the two child leads to have awful communication skills and just leave the group whenever they feel like it which would then lead to 5 minutes of the person/people left behind looking for them. This is pretty much all that happens in the show. ...
Revenge stories are boring, since there is very little you can do when a guy is obsessed with punishing a bunch of people. You might appreciate the methods he is using but it certainly doesn’t evolve characterization past the 2 dimensions. Avengers do not seek salvation, they don’t expect forgiveness or a happy ending, they are self-destructive and turn away from catharsis. V for Vendetta is a rare case that mitigated this issue with lots of social commentary, turning the punisher into an ideal besides a vigilante.. . 91 Days doesn’t do any of that sort and remains throughout its course a straightforward revenge story of a ...
This anime really had a chance to redeem itself and chose not to. The biggest problem in 91 days is a complete lack of character depth and development, so a special should be used to give these characters more traits and more likeable. But the special did nothing. Seeing some of the characters as kids isn’t gonna help the watcher understand who they are now, at least not with how poorly done this was.. . The special is so forgettable and just lifeless. Don’t waste your time if you are feeling like 91 days left you incomplete.. . If you loved 91 days and just want more ...
First off, this was my first Gundam anime I've ever watched and I came into it with high expectations. Sadly enough it disappointed me in all but the visuals.. . The story is meh, the main thing that "makes it special" is that the school is not a school but in fact just a children's political playground with no regard for safety. Apart from that it's pretty generic. That wouldn't bother me if it was the characters or the plot itself was good. But at as you can see from the rating im giving they just weren't. They try hard to portray the MC as an innocent ...
Our Tatsuya, who art in heaven,. hallowed be thy name.. Thy kingdom come.. Thy will be done. on earth as it is in heaven.. Give us this day our daily bread,. and forgive us our trespasses,. as we forgive those who trespass against us,. and lead us not into temptation,. but deliver us from evil.. ...
Came here from. [1988] Maria Kawamura - The Five Star Stories (CD Mini Single) - MartyMcflies v2 • 1.6K views • 87 likes. Found none of that soundtrack in the movie.. . Stunning imagery, yet utterly lazy composition. Kinda sad such animation effort has been wasted on this generic kind of story about ~true love overcoming your superiors' will and even the mind control~ which, if you think about it, also would make no sense, had characters been driven by at least a smidgen of rational thinking.. This is even more stupid a loss if this was initially intended to just promote manga/game/whatever is was based ...
If you liked girls themselves in the original Puella Magi Madoka Magica, then do not watch this one.. . It just ruins everything there is to love in the original, undoing the whole sacrifice of Madoka as well as ruining Homura's character beyond repair.. . As one guy on this forum put it: 'it spits on everything Puella Magi Madoka Magica is. This is a good example of how you do not make a sequel.. . i gave it 4 instead of 1 because plot is still somewhat reasonable. Unique art style and feel of Madoka Magica is as present here as well.. . As to people who can watch it without ...
Kingdom Season 1 is a big disappointment. The show is a historical epic about wars and heroes, but it does not dig into the setting deeply. It is closer to an action adventure show about a kid fighting strong opponents, but follows a simplistic, obnoxious protagonist that barely develops. On top of these, the poor production quality hampers the excitement and the storytelling.. . I had a somewhat high expectations for Kingdom:. - I had heard the manga described as one of the great historical epics, mentioned in the same breath as Vinland Saga. I had not read either, but I was absolutely blown away by Season 1 ...
This shit is awful. I'm not transphobic but, ngl this femboy thing isn't it, also this anime is just straight-up weird. I saw the main character get raped by a dog twice, how tf?!? How did I see bestiality and yet still no titties?!? I'm absolutely outraged, disappointed, and pondering my titty-lacked existence as we speak!!. . . . MAL wants me to continue on so I will, only the most titty-lacked individuals will take part in watching this absolute train-wreck of an anime to close. Even I--The most titty-lacked individual I know still don't like this anime. That should tell you a lot.. The characters are all one-dimensional cliches ...
I wasn’t surprised I wouldn’t like this. I was curious to see how good this would be due to the cute art and title, but boy I was wrong.. . STORY: 3/10. Basically nonexistent. Random, inconsistent scenarios that never match up with the previous episode, except for a few episodes.. . ART: 8/10. The art was the best thing about this show. The designs matched the character personalities and the colors were contrasted just right. But it’s very generic and you see this everywhere. Nevertheless still good. . CHARACTERS: 6/10. You don’t see these characters develop and we only get a few shorts with them. And they are all played out cliche tropes. ...
At the time of writing this review, I dropped this anime, with no plans to ever return and finish the remaining episodes.. review summary:. This show is for girls under thirteen, that can laugh at silly comedy scenes with no solid logic in the anime world.. Watch the first episode if it feels good then we have a completely different taste. Sorry for the inconvenience. "Dōzo" Go ahead!. . If you didn't like the first episode (first 10 min was enough for me) and you feel like there is something wrong because it's highly rated so probably there will be a twist that changes your opinion, drop the anime and ...
The show has definitely gone down hill in quality since the first season, but not nearly as much as most of these reviews suggest. I loved the first season, and it got me into reading the manga as well. I know this is a review for the show not the manga, but the manga is relevant to determining the quality of this season in particular. I will not be spoiling anything either.. . The manga so far is divided into 3 main parts, each one very different from the last. The transition between these parts is always bumpy, because each part follows a big time skip, and ...
A poorly written series that appeals mostly through erotic aesthetics rather than good directing and character immersion. It had a big fandom when it aired, most of which were fujoshis. It was also made by DEEN, the studio anime went to die, with lazy production values and poor directing by the guy who ruined Record of Lodoss War and Beelzebub with his dull handling of the source material.. . A blend of medieval fantasy and science fiction, visually it can be attractive with its fairy-talelike aesthetics. It combines clergy life, occult mystery and military super-soldier projects for some rather surreal backgrounds. It’s also a series full of ...
I once said that Samurai Champloo has a female protagonist that is combination of all qualities, men hate in women.. . Well this show beats Champloo on that one. Lil is the worst anime character ever created, at least from what I have seen.. . That is partly because she is very unambiguously written. There is no room for interpretation of her character's motivation.. . For example for Himari and Penguin-hat in Peguindrum is less clear: it could be that Himari is a simply a victim for mysterious neural parasite hat, that makes Kan and Sho do stuff for her to get their sister back, or it could be that ...
Just read the Manga instead.... . Not only did they skip the entire opening arc, but they keep skipping over important details and changing essential parts, only to add them as flashbacks later on, to the extent of making the main character unrecognisable... They also decided to add random bits and parts, which have nothing to very little to do with the original source material. All in an attempt to make the main character more mysterious, leading to a complete personality change of the main character.. . If you have read the Manga before you'll definitely want to stay away from this one. If not and your into ...
Taifuu no Noruda is a short, original film from Studio Colorido, which I remember as one of the studios behind Burn the Witch and for nothing else. But that one was okay so maybe this one will be as well. Let's have a look.. . Story:. . We open with a group of students preparing for a culture festival. There's a fight betwixt two boys because... one of them doesn't want to play baseball anymore. Maybe he just wants to do something worthwhile and not boring as hell. The one who wants to quit, Azuma, is about to go home to avoid further conflict when the news comes ...
For an anime that has a whole plot revolving around ASMR, it does it's best to not stay true to that whatsoever. Now I love ASMR and I was excited when I heard a show about it was coming out, but this was without a doubt one of the most boring things I have ever watched. The ASMR if you can even call it that is about 8 seconds long in each episode and has loud sounds over it like the dummy head mic doing the generic happy anime character sound. I know each episode is only a few minutes long, but I feel like ...
Wow, what an absolute mess this is. Imagine an exploitative chanbara film from the '70s, with multiple complex plot threads, numerous warring clans, and countless opposing characters, but for some reason only given less than 50 minutes to attempt to be told. That's what watching Sword for Truth is like. It's like if Lone Wolf and Cub tried to get its point across in the runtime allowed for a pilot television episode, setting up all sorts of storylines, introducing characters, and then just ending, with nary a resolution or any sense to be made of the proceedings. Nothing here stands out, the animation isn't even ...
It has never ceased to astound me the extent to which people have convinced themselves that this piece of media is worth the time spent watching it. Naturally this show has it's detractors, both in Japan and internationally, however the fact that this show has achieved a level of unearned prestige within the online anime community, with it's sheer amount of both monetary and personal investment that the fans of this show place into it and the many many other seasons has never made any sense to me.. . Sword Art Online should have remained as the poorly written light novel left to the most obscure corners ...
I always find it amusing to watch BL as a straight guy. While i don't relate well to the relationship it is interesting to get the perspective. To start it seemed promising it was more serious than not. Nothing wrong with suspension of disblief, but always refreshing for a mature take. However, as it started to go past the first 10 minutes i was starting to get more confused.. . Having looked at other reviews i now understand that this is an adaption, and they are right that it is a very poor adaption at that. I somewhat understood what was going on, but at the ...
Tried to watch this because the trailer shows some cool scenes, and nice music, but i just cant, its too cringe.. . The story its as lame and bland as they come, written by a kid who is easily amused.. . The art style its ok, but the animation its very simplistic, the gore is nice.... . The characters seem to have very low IQ, the dialogues are horrendous, the situations and how the characters react its on borderline comedy without the comedic part, its just lame, not funny, and the 2 main protagonists have a weird and disgusting relationship, a kid and a supposedly adult girl who often must kiss.... . Dont ...
'𝘚𝘩𝘪𝘨𝘶𝘳𝘶𝘪' is a show that attempts to create an immersive representation of the Edo period/17th century through every aspect of the show, from its classical style soundtrack, muted colours and swordsman focused story, setting a tone which shows the hideous sides of this time. However, was '𝘚𝘩𝘪𝘨𝘶𝘳𝘶𝘪' able to effectively immerse the viewer and tell a compelling tale? In some ways yes, otherwise, mostly not.. . The strongest aspects of the show as previously stated, are the artistic elements, but they are certainly not without their drawbacks. The soundtrack is solid and is reminiscent of what the Edo era would sound like, it is also applied ...
For the better half of my life, I have been looking for an anime series where bunch of kids --who don't know what sexual intercourse is-- fight against tensai super robot power rangers inside settings which has plot for 6 episodes, but still lasts for 24: Filling the remaining air time with b-grade melodramatic past stories, and current time with slice of life soap opera which looks like the anime version of Jersey Shore. For such a specific request to be filled, I had almost lost all hope. Then my boy Trigger arrived to town and not only did this exact thing, but filled the ...
Episode 8, 12:28. I have unfortunately died of cringe... Some of the cringe throughout the show was bearable, but I reached a breaking point and had to drop... rip. The beginning episodes were fine, just some stupid fun with decent action. Pretty basic, but can still be enjoyable. Some lackluster villains and basic characters, but EVERY one of them had some kinda tragic heavy backstory. They never feel relatable and they end up just value signaling all the time. Maybe watching the show without sound could work? Plot elements often feel convenient and annoying too :(. There are too many characters, because this show throws a bunch ...
About the Anime,,. So, Horimiya... I can't find something to write about this anime and this is basically the reason why i don't recommend you watch this anime.. yes it basically has no story whatsoever so I'm going to treat this section as the "what's bad" section,,. . This thing has no story like srsly no story at all I didn't think something like that is even possible.. it is not considered a slice of life anime for some reason but i'd say it is very close to those it focuses on the lives of a certain high school students group and man their lives is so ...
To put it simply, this anime is slow af. The pacing is absolutely trash, i watched 100 episodes waiting for it to "get good" but it never happened, the anime does not get good, not for a long time at least, don't get me wrong the world is amazing and so are the characters, however, no amount of character development and worldbuilding can redeem an abhorrently paced show with little to no sign of getting even half decent 100 episodes in. I'm sure the show does get good but i don't believe it is worth watching hundreds and hundreds of episodes just for the ...
I tend to like weird-ass anime that flies under the radar and goes mostly unnoticed by the mainstream, and the trailer for Aragne certainly made it look like it would scratch that itch, but I was quickly proven wrong. While the atmosphere, score and creature design can be striking, everything else is bottom of the barrel quality. Really bad animation and bland character design, which is punctuated by awful directing that utilizes this jerky camera technique that is distracting as hell is bad enough, but the story is what really kills it. Clearly this was written by someone that either thinks they're way smarter and ...
I haven't seen this since I was a teenager in the '90s, and I remember being pretty underwhelmed after all of the hype surrounding it back in those early days. Having revisited it, my feelings haven't changed. This is only the second film animated by Gainax, and when compared to their first, Royal Space Force Honneamise, it's pretty obvious where all the money went. Appleseed looks like amateur hour, with a lot of stilted animation and just an overall bland look, which considering this is based on a manga by Masamune Shirow, is a massive problem. All of the characters are weakly defined, and it ...
I thought this anime had potential.. But while the story and world building was quite original, the characters just lacked personality and the fanservice was just excruciatingly bad and sexist.. . But I'll be starting with some positive vibes here:. The first intro was great. I loved the song so much, it even ended up in my Spotify playlist. There are much better shows with much worse intros out there. (But I'd rather give the budget to those). . Also the whole concept of fire fighters and spontaneous combustions was a refreshingly new take on action anime.. The aesthetics were great too, with lovely backgrounds and detailed designs of the ...
Blue Lock as a concept is a failure. Since this anime has had a lot of hype, I was interested in watching it to see if the anime world has finally adapted a football anime to the same quality as Haikyuu or Kuroko in the sports genre. I was deeply mistaken. The show deviates from football to the idea of "blue lock", rather than applying basic football knowledge and conceptualizing a great plot: the show is too busy making it about being the "best striker." I'm an avid football fan; any football person would know by watching the first episode that the show is not ...
The huge difference between the prologue and the actual episodes makes you wonder if it is made by two different sets of writers. It’s like they ran out of budget and decided to hire some random writers who prolly did not even watch the prologue.. . I sincerely hope that I could warn enough people not to be tempted and watch anything other than the prologue.. FYI they had to take me to the emergency room after vomiting blood from watching the ep1 of the show.. . The prologue set up for a somber undertone that is greatly insulted with the sudden change to some weak attempt to a high ...
Reviews on MAL are so opinionated I usually try to stay far away from the review section. However, watching Danmachi III frustrated me so much I need to vent somewhere - as every other reviewer also fails to provide an objective analysis this is the perfect place. Anything past this point may be a mild spoiler, although I made sure not to be specific.. . The main reason this anime frustrated me to no end was the bad plot devices. There was one group in this season that could be classified as evil, and they were dealt with fairly early on. After that, the plot is only ...
Finished. 5/10.. . 21:25. 21/11/2022.. . Isekai animes can prove that even though they are... well, isekai... they can still deliver a promising story with a cast of characters that is sure to be compelling. Unfortunately, this anime doesn't belong to one of them.. . The main character is someone who has no weaknesses, is instantly overpowered, and is just very generic in general (a common sight in isekai animes). Other characters that accompany him don't really have any good qualities that make them stand out either. They all have it in common: painfully generic, and just boring.. . Another gripe I have with it is its attempts to raise the stakes in ...
The first 25 minutes are a recap of the series. 25 minutes of the film are a recap that contain more or less, a couple new voice lines which serve to remind you that Goblin Slayer was traumatized as a child.. . What follows is rushed, incoherent, and lazy. A lot of this comes off like weird fanfiction. Everyone is loosely out of character, the fight scenes are not done nearly as well, the plans are even more halfassed than in the Water Town arc. Much of the movie is inconsistent in details such as where characters are standing in a scene, or what they're doing, ...
It would be impossible for a show to hit you over the head with its paper-thin concepts and premises in a more obvious way than Beast Tamer. Every character, line of dialog, and story beat serves to remind you that the good guys are good and the bad guys are bad. At no point will you be left conflicted over a character's motive - they will, instead, be spelled out for you three different ways four different times all in the same episode. The main character is selfless, while the villain(s) - the main character's old party of "friends" that cast him aside one minute ...
This anime is adaption from its origin game, its retell exactly what the game story show. At first it was interesting to watch but it gets weird with its "bullet truth" interface that show up like in Danganronpa game when trial start.. No changes everything are exactly like the game for main plot, no filler. It is better to just play the game directly rather than watching this.. Artstyle are fine pupil still look like Danganronpa style thing, animations look fine and simple just fine.. . Dont bother watch this unless you just want to know the main plot, just get the game for your entertainment. The adaption ...
(EDIT FINISHED). Bland, this season is just bland. . I'm not gonna dwell long on this anime. Average, through and through the characters, the writing, and the story are just so unbelievably bland. Later in the season, it focuses more on the Uzaki family and they are somewhat interesting but they are not enough of a reason to watch the show. The main duo barely progresses as characters if at all, I can't recall ONE character developing moment. They are quite literally the same characters from the end of the first season. Whereas the first season introduced you to the characters and ...
1. Plot 0/10. I don't see any development in this story, so I would have to give it a 0. The entire story revolves around the MC with zero personality. He just wants peace and strives for nothing. He has no goals/motivations/purpose. Any development that happens... gets reverted back. So much for development. Maybe there is development after 9 episodes, but I got more disappointed and upset after every episode.. . 2. Characters: 2/10. The main female protagonist pisses me off. She falls in love with him because of a simple magic dispersing spell that left her breathless. ...
As a Half Deaf person, i HATE this movie, and hate the fact that people enjoy it.. . I have a condition that made me lose 60% of my hearing since i was born. With my hearing aids i can hear almost everything like someone born with no condition. Its like using glasses, but in my case, i hear less high-pitched sounds than bass. I cant say im enteriely represented in the movie, but its almost there. I also have suffered with bullying in school, not because of the hearing, but just for being different. So, i can understand Shouko in many ways.. . The movie gives me anguish ...
No one else has written a review for this anime, so I guess I’ll be the first one. Ginga Reppuu Baxingar is a space action-adventure mecha from the early 80s, involving a bunch of galactic vigilantes on motorcycles going around the solar system kicking ass. I encountered this by random one day and out of general interest checked it out.. . The story involves Shirou Mahoroba aka "Billy The Shot" and his friends known as the “Cosmo Rangers” going around bringing justice to the universe. They eventually are hired by the overarching government or Bakufu. They go around riding motorcycles, and when a really big threat comes ...
This anime started out pretty interesting, until all the weird BDSM, sub-male/dom-female fetish crap started really becoming pronounced.. . When the adult male protagonist acts like a subservient dog human, is there meaningful character buildup? Does it relate to the plot in any way? Does it improve the anime in any way? No... It's extremely forced and awkward, I swear it's like I'm watching someones personal fetish movie, or perhaps propaganda that's the next step after the "permavirgin shy protagonist" meme we've all been seeing for the past 20 years... It totally pulled me out and was unable to continue watching.. . Thus far, the story seems ...
This negative review is mostly because of the plot holes. Keep in mind, while I did drop this in the middle of the Hunter Exam arc, I skimmed the wiki.. . The world would logically be a dystopia. (hunters can kill without legal consequence) This is never shown, mentioned, implied, or hinted at.. . In addition, the hunter exams are very poorly made. They measure things that are only tangentially related to hunting monsters and finding treasure. There are thousands of overpowered abilities that would be disqualified solely because of being useless in distance running. The tournament would promote surrendering until your last match with the biggest loser, and ...
A big 22 eposode nothing burger, where nothing happens and nothing gets resolved. Lost faith with this one boys. Can't say i didnt like watching the first CCS but this one was just bad.. . Slow pacing, no real substance to the plot, doesnt actually start to get intresting till the last 3 episodes and then nothing. No movie, no second season, just leave you there with a clif hanger and no explanation. I am very disappointed in this season. I feel this was a waste of my time. I try to do diligence and give evey anime i watch the benefit of the doubt but ...
Brilliantly put together nonsense.. . This has everything, except a well developed plot. The visuals were stunning, the use of technology and futurism was really cool, and I loved the korean themes.. . The storyline seemed like it could be really awesome, but it just wasn't there. I felt like I was having a seizure sometimes because scenes would skip all around with almost no semblance of being tied together. I even had to watch the first episode three times before I could continue on with the series because I thought I was having a personal problem & was super confused, until I realized that was the intended ...
It complimented the manga really well, I will give it that. It is really well put together and a fairly enjoyable watch if you are into romantic comedies. Based on the execution alone I would have given it four stars.. . However, personally I did not enjoy it very much. It isn't one of my favorite genres to begin with, and nothing really drew me in or kept me engaged. I did watch, but during a lot of parts it was simply background noise bc I struggled to stay focused.. . If you like this genre you will like this series. It just was not for me.
I'm sorry.... WHAT. . Seriously, what??? What did I just watch.. . I have not read the manga, and after watching this I really don't want to.. . It is styled like a harem, with aspirations to be a shojo but instead it was made for the male gaze... or rather... teenage boy gaze? I don't know. Basically, it was creepy, sexist, overly fetishized, perverted, predatory, and to top it off.. vapid. If anything it is closer to a hentai without the, uh, hentai . But if it were an actual hentai, and you were into it, the FBI probably has you on a list somewhere.. . It was so hilariously ...
AI is not real life and shouldn't live, the fact that the fake Aiko (The fake is AICO) lived, it's a joke, only the original should keep living, the anime was awesome until the last episode, really, the AI fake one should have died.. . ps: at LEAST the art style is well done, as really LEAST, because watching this was a waste of time, i don't recommend it to anyone.. The history wasn't predictable, the characters were ok.. . I don´t know why MAL force me to write more, i already said everything that i wanted, so i'm writing more so i can be able to publish my opinion, ...
Nostalgia can be such a nice feeling, evoking vivid memories and moods. On the negative side, it can result in a depressive malaise or obsessive longing; more positively, it can lead one to aspire to something new, even greater. In the case of media, though, the rose-tinted image from memory is usually better—especially if it leads back to childhood. That's certainly the case for Record of Lodoss War: It's visually striking enough and well presented to the point that it can seem grander of a fantasy than it really is, and contrary to the emperor with no clothes parable, RoLW is an emperor peacocking in ...
Like most people here i was lured by the trailer, i followed the articles saying the studio struggled to find a TV network to air this show, i got hyped for the possibility of a show that really pushed the limit of this underdeveloped genre in anime, and got this crushing disappointment of a dumpster fire of a result. This anime always comes up in discussions as the only one I'd rate as 1/10 and for good reason. Us horror fans have been long abused, I'm sure just mentioning the Ito Junji Collection is enough to cause PTSD flashbacks to some. The Uzumaki project has ...
So incredibly boring. Don't listen to anyone who tells you that this is a realistic portrayal of a same sex relationship because it is not. The characters are paper-thin and don't deserve to exist in a work that is longer than an episode. The two main characters are tropes and they will never surprise you. The music takes a backseat to the terrible drama. The pacing is tedious. Plot was predictable. Animation was alright but you can't appreciate it when everything else about the show is disappointing. The side characters and their relationship is just almost interesting but falls flat. Don't watch if you're over ...
I gave this show three episodes and I regret the wasted time. This is a highschool romance parading around in a Gundam skinsuit.. . The animation is middling. The story is painful. The characters are ugly, boring, generic trash.. . The main antagonist is named Duel Jerk and his personality is that he's a bully jerk that only cares about dueling. The main character is a weakling that can't make complete sentences escape her mouth to save her life and hides behind anyone within arms reach at the whif of a confrontation. Then there's supporting character/love interest? Who hates her rich daddy and wants to escape to earth. ...
I can only describe this anime as mediocre and extremely silly, and if it´s only word, it woul be AWFUL. The harem genre usually tells a story that most people say it´s silly and very convenient for the very cliché but usually not annoying: main male characters; there are exceptions, but this one, without a doubt, IS NOT.. The only sense of humor that he has, the only thing that his jokes consist of, are sexual jokes so bad, that they cringy to watch, not even the most immature person could laugh, which could perhaps be ignored, if it wasn't literally all humor. That's it, ...
Lots of hype for this title led me to it, and enjoying Kimi Ni Todoke & WataMote's exploration of female protagonists with social anxiety issues, I had fairly high hopes going into this. After seeing the first few episodes, I found the intial premise massively bogged down with lots of obnoxious supporting characters. The main protagonists, Komi & Tadano have a nice dynamic and are interesting characters, but I found the story was polluted with several irritating supporting players that quickly derailed my interest in the story going forward. I mentioned Kimi Ni Todoke & Watamote above and would strongly suggest either for a more ...
TLDR: Like arcane or the recent tekken animation - fanservice artwork, animation and choreography, stunning soundtracks, mid to bad story telling (feel free to fight me on this comparison lmao). . I don't want to say much, but it's not worth watching really :/. . I didn't want to know anything before the film, so I went in not knowing that is was a musical. That being said, the moment the first song played, I accepted it and tried to watch the film in a normal way but I couldn't. The story was all over the place. It was not compelling, barely related to shanks. It was an action ...
Writing this because of so many comments saying this is the greatest sports series ever on it's crunchyroll page. It's not. Cookie cutter edgelord MC with black hair. And every other character is another common Anime trope.. . The story is about some kid who messed up his dream of playing at nationals. Gets a chance at Blue Lock where they want to find the best striker in Japan. The structure of Blue Lock means that if you don't pass their various tests, you get eliminated. What's even worse is that your career as a striker is over. I think this premise is completely dumb. There ...
I don't think this anime is good for quite obvious reasons: the lack of plot and character development. I understand that in 12 episodes of 15 minutes each it is very difficult to make a well-articulated plot, but I don't understand why a person should watch an anime full of comic gags already seen (in other series and repeated in the episodes). The characters don't even seem interested in the main plot, generating a feeling similar to that which certain actors generate when they play a film reluctantly. The idea of explaining magic tricks is nice, but I think the way in which the explanations ...
If you love the game and REALLY want more content, go ahead and watch it I guess. Just don't expect it to be that good.. . To be fair, they only had four episodes to work with. It's still pretty bad.. . There's blood, there's gore, and if you're a fan of the series, that's a good thing. It nailed that aspect of the franchise, but fumbled pretty much everything else. The characters don't get much new or interesting development. In general, they're less fleshed out and explored than they are in the game. That's understandable since it's only four episodes, but that doesn't make it any less frustrating.
The ratings really had my hopes up.. . Visuals and designs are cool. Animation is great. And we have some hype moment and interesting backstories. But that's all about it.. The story follows the exact same formula as classic Bleach, or just any typical shonen. There is really nothing novel or refreshing.. The characters' judgement so far has been a huge mess. The whole plot is driven by forced, unnatural dumb decisions made by the cast and it's touching my nerves. I am literally losing braincells watching the show.. . Expect nothing more than typical Bleach experience and you should have a good time, but this show definitely does ...
I expected a story like what the title suggested.. . The story could have been like the main character and his family being poor and him taking the job of a farmer to support his family. With the days passing by and grasping at the thin rope towards the light, he "somehow" gains the power to become stronger by increasing his farming related skills. "Training" if you can even call it that- and getting better and better farming abilities that double as combat skills- But NO! We needed to have the ENDGAME where everything is boring and uninteresting! Whilst yes- this one is generic, it far succeeds ...
Horimiya was one of the most disappointing anime I've ever seen.. . I found this anime when I was looking for romance anime, and this one seemed interesting, and it really was interesting until the fourth or fifth episode.. I feel that from then on the anime goes down a path where nothing makes sense, apart from the rather strange things that happen between the two main characters, the anime focuses towards the end on other relationships that are completely insignificant to the main story, which left me wanting to continue watching with each passing episode.. . Even so, I finished the anime and I'm here to tell you not ...
I wrote out a whole review but I don't think it really captured the profundity of my disappointment. so I'll just say this instead: this anime was so bad it got me re-watching high school DxD to rekindle my hope that good harem anime can still exist. . review:. Do you remember when the ecchi tag used to mean something? It used to mean that you where going to see some honest-to-god anime tiddies. Remember when harems had characters that were interesting? What I wouldn't give for a harem comedy that isn't just copy-pasted tsundere schoolgirl number 57 and factory-reprint childhood friend version 4423. Hell, this anime does ...
Not recommended.. . The anime was hyped up massively for some reason but the first episode was really bad.. Excessive use of cliffhangers in basically almost every episode.. Cringey and unfunny jokes (subjective, but eh). Poor/terrible character balance and screentime,. Main character is "flanderized" at best or some even say borderline insane. And your usual op/broken isekai MC of course.. Slow pacing, things happen very slowly.. Anime tries too hard (to be different and just ends up falling flat on its face). . ...
man this show is an absolute train wreck. death games are usually edgy anime that rely on shock to keep you interested, so the characters are unlikable the main character is a bitch and also unlikable. the story is stupid as hell and the ending leaves you unsatisfied and miserable.. . . . however this has yuno gasai, she single handedly carried the show and made this pile of turd somewhat watchable, she was so good in fact that when the creator made another death game he made sure to create another yuno gasai with a different name and hair color but ultimately failed to make you want to ...
i enjoyed the first episode but after that it went down hill for me its extremely bland and predictable.. . Scores are 0-10 (10 being very good and 0 being very bad). . Animation 5/10 looks ok nothing flashy but still clean and easy to watch.. . Plot 5/10 cool plot idea but poorly executed and will get very boring after the first couple of episodes.. . setting 4/10 its a school nothing new or inventive.. . ...
I never wanted to mention this but,. Here we go.. . Main issue in my opinion is character and story is quite bland I feel like cold in mind. Especially Ittoki as you can see he is to nice that got me not interest mode.. Also don't remember well but, when he transfer to ninja school with no experience. I m like ha or what is this suppose to mean.. Also first 3 episode I was very unsure.. Sound is good and art is very average.. I think the developers should took their time to do the story part but. ...
While being a fan of the game I need to say that this show sucks. And sucks hard.. . As story presented in-game through a visual novel, so script in the anime is pretty poorly written and uninteresting for viewer. There is no character development, there is no engaging events. Main heroes teleports between abandoned locations and “entertain” you with self-explanatory dialogues. Action scenes are straight up badly put together. Not to mention there is nearly no action at all. OST is nearly non-existent though it must be written by Yuki Hayashi, maybe later in the series it would be better. OP is bangers, ED is ...
I don't recommend watching this anime at all, you will only be disappointed, it also doesn't promise to be exciting at all.. The only thing that interests me about this anime is the title, I would have expected a lot more than just bad 3D animation, bad fight scenes and a bad plot. The characters are all pretty annoying. Some situations are also almost unbearable to watch, who wrote this and thought it was a masterpiece?? Yep, that's all you can say, more or less you could also criticize the poor basic quality.. . But yeah, I think I'll torture myself and watch the next episodes just because ...
I have no idea how this show is about Ninja?. . Shitty world building with silly characters especially the Kakashi girl, and why there's no Sharingan?. . Useless MC, surrounding by beautiful girls. . It can be worse than Boruto,. +. I really don't understand the point of the Mecha suit? seriously. If you trying to build a Ninja world don't ever use make-up shits like this, It should relevant to the Ninja culture. ...
What in the frickety frack happened. What in the scribbledydoodyloo happened? Please, if you enjoyed season 1 of this show, stay far, far away from this monstrosity. This review will contain a few spoilers but honestly, I doubt it matters because nothing makes sense anyway.. . Where to even start? Probably the art style and animation. Considering it's been nine years since The Devil Is A Part Timer's original release, me and probably many others were hyped to see an updated art style, along with smoother animations. Instead we got, well... Whatever this was? The art style looks more simple that it used to, and the character ...
Oh Boy! a generic isekai! i wonder what gimmick protagonist-kun will have this time? maybe a cellphone? maybe he will turn into a slime/spider/vending machine? or maybe he will do literally nothing special and just be another over overpowered brooding generic mc that gets all the hoes and also has a giant wiener.. . Isekais usually have a lame gimmick to set themselves apart from this creatively bankrupt genre. and this one has a R`pe accusation as one.. . bitch-chan accuses mc-kun of the stinky of the not consensual variety and gets shunned by the rest of his hero group and the rest of generic isekai world and ...
Wonder Egg priority is an absolute mess. It's a pretty mess, and a sometimes fun mess in a guilty pleasure sort of way, but make no mistake that this is a huge, huge mess. Like, train wreck levels of mess. The list of problems is extensive. If you enjoy criticism and negativity, boy do I have the review for you!. . Throughout the entirety of the show the plot is a disaster. Lack of explanation plagues the entire program, plot holes and logical inconsistencies larger than moon craters are everywhere and as a whole the show is difficult to follow (and NOT in the "this is intelligently ...
While I don’t think this anime tries to be anything special, most aspects of its presentation come across as wooden.. . The characters feel like lifeless puppets. All of the introduced heroines seem to want nothing more than to be property. As soon as the protagonist introduces himself and solves whatever mildly inconvenient issue is bothering the girl in question - like a switch they become extremely familiar. It doesn’t stop with simple gratitude, nor does it stop with friendship or even infatuation. The girls meet the protagonist over a period of hours and want him to own them. Why everything has to be mirrored with ...
Honestly this was just horrible. As someone who listens to ASMR and overall loves ASMR, I was very excited to watch this anime. However, it just didn't do justice. Yes, this is ASMR but the ASMR is very mediocre and one of the main problems I have are that some episodes specifically focus on one ear (mostly being your left ear), and a big part of ASMR is feeling the sensation through both ears.. . As the title says, "Can I Make Your Ears Happy in 180 Seconds?", each episode is 3 minutes. You go through the anime being a regular dummy head, a girl, and ...
This show is a horrible and even though it is to late for me, I believe that saving even one soul from watching this show will make the world a better place. Firstly lets address the MCs. BORING. They are both a literal snooze fest of unoriginal and recycled prototypes. I mean seriously, another gojo? How many more do we need? Not only that but this one is lame. He is easily washed out by the other much superior gojos making him both unremarkable and unmemorable. Further more his design is garbage. like if you're going to be another gojo out of thousands at least ...
so it was good like maybe approximately 40-50 episodes and then everything went to hell when he defeat his cousin's brother for stealing his bone. by hell i mean they literally made MC into some garbage trash. also don't go by the frecking genres tags there is a harem and that's also where everything went to hell MC got 1 too many girls and honestly like none of the girl characters aren't worthy to be in a harem-like they frecking surpass his stupid harem they should have been in the league of their own MC wasn't worthy of any of the girl this is basically ...
Another season and yet another shallow isekai. (I know im one season late lol). . Inittially the show is sooomewhat interesting, the first episode has some good art and "decent" combat. For a isekai lover like me it whas a pretty good start. Unfortunately, it all became a mess.. . Story - 2.5/10 -. If you want a anime that a random cute girl appears each 2 episodes than this is for you! The plot feels rushed as hell, there is absolutely none character development, the girls just spawn in your screen. Maybe worst, it has NO other main plot, except for the final ep which ...
I dropped after the first episode but picked it back up after seeing the high review score. That was a mistake and a letdown. If I had to describe this in one word, it would be dull. Its basically about a couple of girls trying to pick up the pieces of their lives after having been kicked out of the main plot. Young assassin/gunslinging girls is a plot that’s probably been done to death. This anime attempts to try something new by crossing that genre with a slice of life story about two girls trying to find meaning outside of ...
I watched this show a long time ago, so I don't really remember much, but the amount of nonsense made me cringe basically every single episode.. . The power system is one of the worst I've ever seen and names of Deku's moves are super cringe. You use a stronger move? Just add some % to it! Use a detroit smash 100000000000% instead of 100%, you dummy! Ehh, idk what to say really. Also "quirks". Why not just name it "powers" or smth? It really does sound weird. Why are 99% of quirks actually useful and only a few are dangerous and good only to cause harm? ...
Children of the Whales. . . I read the synopsis and was actually interested to see what this anime could offer to one. The first episode also gave me very slight Avatar-like vibes, from the presentation and atmosphere of the world. So far it was also still decently convincing despite slow entry.. Long story short, in the end, this was an even more traumatic event than I could have ever imagined. And I ask myself again, why are there no quality controls before something like this even gets a budget for adaptation? There's no way there were serious people who thought this anime was a good idea.. . . The ...
Here's the main concept: We have a city for rich people, advertised as being one of the best places to live, except you have demons regularly invading it. The problem here is that a overused topic was taken, and there really was no dramatic twist laid out on it, so the result is painfully average.. . Story: Engage Kiss takes place in Bayron City, which is built on a resource-rich field. In fact, it's suppose to be so amazing that it should attract the attention of every civilian in the country. Right? Wrong! Demons invade it pretty regularly and the city's security ...
Finished. 4.5/10.. . As many rom-com animes come and go, many people laud Horimiya as one of the best rom-coms you must absolutely watch. Perhaps they're right, perhaps they're wrong. As for me... it's not really.. . Horimiya's plot revolves around two unlikely people who might get together with contrasting personalities. On one hand you've got Hori Kyoko, who is an outstanding student and is everything a student aspires to be: good grades, beautiful looks, and unfazing personality. On the other is Miyamura Izumi: gloomy, rarely standing out, and mediocre when it comes to academics.. . The thing is this anime is very predictable, something that is unfortunately common with a ...
I remember when I first heard about this show back in early 2022. So many people were hyped about it and so I wanted to join the hype train so I got started on the manga. Needless to say, I dropped it soon after for one reason only and that is Denji's charcter motivation being purely having sex. Sure there are other character motivations for Denji, like him wanting to live a normal life and this i can get behind. But the sex thing kind of made it very cringe for me. After dropping the manga, i had some time to think on what i ...
It's shocking that there is a positive reception to this. The extent of content that can be drained from this bloated corpse of an animation is seeing your favorite cute girl be animated poorly.. . There's an obvious shoestring budget. It's been a while since there's been an anime this clearly underfunded. It's hard to say the animation is bad, when it's barely even existent.. . Voice acting is noticeably poor, especially for previously unvoiced characters. Mephisto especially misses the mark. I'm unaware as to if the casting was bad or the direction was. It would not be surprising were it ...
Just watch Mahou Shoujo Madoka★Magica, it doesn't look like much on first sight but it can hit very hard, the story is really interesting and builds up well, while Persona is really boring and keeps repeating, the characters are so predictable. It wasn't possible to connect to the Characters because their Emotions were too weak. The Labyrinths designs weren't very creative. The Soundtrack was very good because the songs were the same to the Game. When I first saw the Anime I gave it a better rating because I didn't see something comparable yet, I was still bored from it but I lied to myself, ...
You can not follow the story. Beautiful soundtrack. The animation held up well.. . The story doesn't make any sense, and there's no effort to explain what is happening. You just watch events happen that seemingly correlate to nothing else in the story. Do not watch this if you have any interest in the story.. . The soundtrack in this film surpasses every expectation you could ever have. The soundtrack is written by Joe Hisaishi, and orchestrated. Fits most of the scenes quite well.. . The animation held up quite well. It doesn't look modern, but it was well-animated and looked quite nice. There were some inconsistencies in the animation, but ...
Elfen Lied had potential- the concept of vectors and diclonii (? dicloniuses?? idk) could have made at the very least a *bearable* anime. The biggest problem, and the most obvious, is the CONSTANT and extremely weird fanservice. whether you're into incest or p3dophilia, the gang's all here! Honestly, this feels like neon genesis evangelion but if NGE was one of the worst things you've ever seen and also a harem anime complete with the most boring main character ever. This show attempted to be horror, social commentary, softcore porn, harem, and something else entirely all at once, and failed miserably.. . CHARACTERS: 0/10. None of them have ...
I am someone who has never played Arknights and never even heard of Arknights before this season. I've given this 3 episodes and to be honest I have found Arknights to be a very average anime.. . The animation is ok, but the unsaturated palette and the fact that Reunion has a budget to give their grunts a uniform is very telling about how cheap it really is. But they do take the time to make most of the characters look unique so there is that.. . The OST is very average too. Not terrible, but it doesn't grab your attention either. In a season of banger OPs this ...
I really wanted to like Bocchi The Rock!. I truly did. I genuinely enjoy the genre of "cute girls doing cute things while they're in a friend group performing some joint group activity". But what exactly does Bocchi bring to the table? I'm not exactly sure.. . Sure, the character designs are not bad for how simple they are, but they're way too basic, especially considering how Cloverworks went fairly light with the animation compared to other shows like Dress Up Darling or Akebi-chan. If I wanted to watch cute girls with simple designs I'd just watch Do It Yourself! this season.. . If I wanted to watch ...
So many people praise it like it is next best thing since sliced bread, I can't quite understand that. This show is painful to watch.. . Neon Genesis Evangelion does not deconstructs anything at all. At best it is about feelings I cannot feel or understand. At worst it is just a confusing mess about child abuse that is painful to watch for anyone with abusive parents.. . It is about the guy who somehow hates himself, believes he is worthless and deserve to suffer.. . I cannot relate to any of that.. . That is why it is painful to watch what other characters subject him to, even more painful ...
What's the plot? None. Blue Lock is one of the most overhyped garbage this season. After watching 5 episodes of it, I saw the real reason why it has so many fans, "Fujoshi Bait." Typical strategy of authors when they can't write a good story so they rely on the yaoi shippers instead to make their works popular, making their characters do some loving-loving hug and blush, naked scenes and spoon feeding. For blue lock fans, "good looking characters = peak fiction". Lol. . So everyone asks, "Is blue lock good?" No it's not. If this is your definition of "good", then your taste is trash ...
English.. I did not expect anything and in truth there is nothing to highlight, it's good, it's not bad and I think it's a very strange idea for an anime but it manages to entertain, from the beginning you know what will happen in this one and that there will be nothing interesting to highlight, It is the typical anime to pass the time that will make you laugh and will keep you entertained for the twelve chapters that this season or good anime has.. The main idea is of a child whose parents die and leave him with an inheritance not so big to support himself, ...
It is somewhat fascinating just how goddawful 'Demon Slayer' really is. It follows a narrative repeated in television and film for well over a century, consistently choses the least interesting way to convey what already is built from contrivance, and somehow manages to bloat out what has been condensed into a lean 90 minutes countless times before it to a ridiculous 26 episode (or over 10 hour) saga. Admirable up to a point for its lack of filler, yet at the same time, I cannot help but long for subplots that lead nowhere, as they are infinitely preferable to stretching out every set piece from ...
i do not recommend watching this anime. it had much potential from the start but soon became repetitive and boring and there is a plot flaw that i can't ignore! the love decahedron it is such a mess, over the top and it just kept going it was far too much. i almost stopped watching this anime 3 times. it is sad because this anime had so much potential. just like the art and how it is pretty and unique i feel the creator had many great ideas but they were poorly executed. poor story telling, the art was good but i got sick ...
No idea how can anyone enjoy this anime. It literally introduces 40 characters in each episode and does not develop any of them. The worldbuilding is pathetic, the comedy is completely regular, the protagonist is pathetic 90% of the time, and this harém is one of the most forced haréns in anime, for no reason, there are hundreds of girls completely loyal and devoted to the protagonist. What a shame, I was really hoping this would be a great anime. But the first episode is a good episode, I would recommend anyone interested in this anime to watch the first episode and then drop it. ...
Mostly spoiler free. One small one at the end, but you'll know it's coming before it's said. It's inconsequential to the plot.. . I never thought I'd watch an anime that doesn't answer a single question.. . Well, that's not quite accurate. It answers why there are kids doing parkour in an apocalyptic Tokyo. That's it. We don't learn anything other than that.. I have a lot of issues with this movie, many of which I can't discuss without spoilers, so I'll avoid talking about those issues. I think that some of the concepts of this anime could have made a really great movie if the story was ...
Appalling!. . What happened? I'm sure that's what all non-LN readers like me who watched this have thought too.. . I'm going to keep this short as there's not much to digest here. . So I'm pretty sure that every to aru series fans were excited and happy to see that index 3 is finally going to happen. But this is what we got, an absolute horrendous adaptation of who knows how many volumes crammed into one season of anime.. . From pacing to character introduction to character development (wait no, there's no time for them to develop here) it's all done trash.. The pacing is absolutely terrible, for example when ...
How to describe Spy x Family in one word? Overhyped. The plot is not interesting at all and usually it's repetive. I hope people will forget about this show soon because it's almost everywhere. Mostly edits with Anya and Yor.. People are obsessed with Yor because she's hot and that is enough for some people to get hooked on the show. She's an assassin but we only get to see her do her fake normal job.. Loyd is also handsome and perfect Gary Sue. He can deal with all problems somehow without any fail. He doesn't have any weaknesses (expect eating Yor's sh*tty food) or bad side. If ...
I had high hopes for this anime, I like madhouse studio and the plot didn't seem bad. Well, the art is simply GORGEOUS and that's all. The plot story is incosistent and the characters are cliches, that's not bad to be a clichè but this one in particular it's boring. Eliana is your typical shojo girl, pure, innocent, naive (too much) and a bookworm. At the start it didn't seem that except her book's interest she had something more to offer, in the second episode random stuff comes out like how she helped people with her knowledge thanks of aaaaall the years of reading and ...
I was pretty hyped when it was announced that it'll be getting another season.. . But, after seeing it. It was a complete DISASTER! The art style was okay, it's the quality is one of my issues. The storyline was HORRIBLE! The characters are CRAP, and the villains are TERRIBLE! JUST TERRIBLE! Hell, even the writing was also TERRIBLE!. . The story was just AWFUL! The characters are treated like CRAP!. . High School DxD: Hero was a complete waste of time! This anime is the WORST season of 2018 and a total piece of garbage! I cannot stand it!. . High School DxD: Hero gets an "F". Final Rating: 2/10.
To Your Eternity (TYE) is lost,. What do I mean? Well TYE is a show about many things; too many things if you ask me. The show can't decide what they want their watchers to feel. Is this show a comedy? Is this show a drama? Is this show a slice of life? Is the show an action Shounen? It can be made into a way that these themes could work together, but TYE doesn't.. . The shifting setting is annoying.. It doesn't give us the time to feel for the characters before they are killed and replaced by a new cast. It's cool to meet new ...
This is one of most awful animes I've ever seen. I regret watching and spending time on this load of bs.. Bibliophile Princess is one of the most clichés animes ever made, but you might think - yeah, it's not that bad, right? Well, generally I'd say yes but not in this case. Bibliophile Princess is one of the worst of its kind, I myself don't like writing reviews but had to in this occurrence.. . The story is pretty linear and very predictable but became one of the most awful I've ever experienced due to many holes being created in the story in which stuff happens ...
This is the seventh One Piece movie, theoretically taking place around the Water 7 arc. It is the first movie that is not dedicated to a crew member, despite the fact it is heavy on machinery and could have easily been about Franky. He was still not officially part of the crew at the time and the unbearably slow anime wasn’t helping. As a result the movie is about nothing in specific. Without a character to focus on it has no real theme or message. And no, being a filler story is not an excuse.. . The plot is about a treasure they are looking for, and ...
Chainsaw man was hyped up by the anime community and MAN I don't get it. The dude just likes touching boobs. This show is essentially the Minoru Mineta Shonen. There are times when I PRAY, I BEG to the lord, the motivation is going to evolve from sexual desire to a more intimate desire of friendship or love OR that he'll realise, sexual desire is a very shallow desire and he won't find fulfilment. He has a moment of this more complicated line of thinking but then a girl in the show will offer him the opportunity of OPPAI or a kiss and that's it ...
The show starts mostly underwhelming; goes into straight up awful and disappointing by the end of the Dark Tournament arc; then goes on to its best written and IMO its only good arc, the Chapter Black; then hastily finishes neatly but underwhelmingly, supposedly diverging from the manga which the author didn't even want to work on at that point.. . I wanted to see hxh's older sibling show, and even if it was mostly underwhelming mixed in with awful, it wasn't all bad. Crazy how much better hxh is, but there were hints of that brilliance in the Chapter Black arc which I could guess might've been ...
I don't usually drop animes, just few crap like redo the healer, however i had to drop kanamemo. Do not misunderstand me, it is not up to the aforementioned garbage, but it fails in the most basic and at the same time important thing in a comedy, making people laugh. Although it begins with an argument that could lend itself to something else, the development of the story and characters is excessively superficial (if we can call it development). Again, that wouldn't bother me if the show made me laugh... but it doesn't. The whole show tries to sustain itself based on moe and fanservice ...
This anime is pretty bad not gonna lie. There really isn’t any storyline to it. The main character teleports to another world from like a game and decides to spend all his time and money for a week to get a beautiful slave he sees the second day he came. He ended up not having enough money and purposely killed people, bandits or not, and took their bounties just for a slave. He finally got the slave and they just go to a labyrinth to defeat monsters and don’t even got that far into it. This anime isn;t even about fighting. He just has s*x ...
This has the vibes of Alice in Borderland/Squid Game/Battle Royal, in the way that there's a bunch of people trapped in an enclosed area & they have to kill each other to survive. However the execution is nowhere near palpable. There's random moments of serious story, followed by the same character, after finishing a serious montage, having a weird panty shot moment or their boobs falling out. It's absolutely obnoxious and makes this anime hard to watch. ALSO - The male protagonists never have these sorts of moments, its just the female MCs.. . Besides that, it's really hard to follow the ...
This anime is really bad. The premise was interesting enough, but it really wasn't anything that I expected.. . The animation is terrible. It looks like your average, dime-a-dozen daytime children's show with terrible computer graphics. Ordinarily, I could look past that, but the story wasn't very good either. It was overly emotional and way too preachy. It spent a lot of time falling into cliches and it was very predictable throughout the entire show.. . The music wasn't bad. It was actually kind of pretty. And it was also only four episodes long, so it didn't waste too much of my life. Still, I'd only recommend this if ...
I usually love isekai. Nearly every isekai I've watched - and there have been a great many. But let me tell you... this one is trash. Bland as all hell, and the companions are supremely annoying.. . I don't have a problem with overpowered isekai protagonists. In fact, I usually like them. And sure, this certainly has one. That's not why it's bad.. . The story is mega lame and it goes out of its way to prevent any kind of character development. Not with the MC, not with any companions (that are largely nameless slimes with annoying voices), and the MC goes out of its way to make ...
This anime is a waste of time, there is nothing new, nothing good, the tropes are very old, maybe if you like romcom/Harem you "may" find something. But honestly I've seen R18+ anime in one episode having more substance and plot twist than this anime is likely to have in his entire run. There is nothing to spoil too, because this anime has nothing, every character is a cliché, every scene as already be seen on older titles, it's a ballad for a cliché to another cliché with no inspiration whatsoever.. . I don't want to be rude to the studio that makes it, it has proven ...
i don't know what the hell the makers of this anime were thinking when they made it, it feels more like a children show because of the way they treat the viewer like a fucking idiot with the oversimplified plot or the fact that the MC is overpowered AF but not in a fun way.. if you're gonna make an MC overpowered, make him ACT like an overpowered MC, not some wimpy ass virgin kid who wouldn't knockout a possessed girl without her permission xD. the fact that he's a farmer wannabe feels like a bad joke, they only brought up farming once or twice and the ...
Judging by the date of the first episode released and the date of this video, and the fact that Marco didn't even continue to talk about this anime, I draw my conclusion: this anime is really bad lol. . The promise of the first episode for what happens at the end is even a joke: well done art, ok music, interesting characters but it doesn't have the main thing: story. We are simply thrown a lot of random things from episode 6 onwards, and the impression is that there was no villain at the end and the author just used too much opium when putting together the ...
English.. Well the title of this literal series tells us the plot of the anime, this is a temporary anime that you can watch on a Sunday to relax, the format is very similar to what sitcoms are since each chapter has a different plot and there is no apparent plot line to follow. I believe that this type of anime is created to pass the time and have fun from time to time, it does not contribute anything and the truth is that the situations it shows are not that funny, nor that entertaining, they are fine.. The characters are charismatic and each one has a ...
Simply the most generic and uninteresting anime I have seen, all the characters seem all generic npcs, and the prota too generic, the story and development give too much sleep, the suitor of the protagonist too useless and without personality and her friend unbearable, If you are suffering from insomnia watch this anime, all other characters were weak only the protagonist with personality and power generico, then he was strong, the other characters without any development and if they had was a development created by someone lazy, I did not stick to any character, none of them is striking, finally I did not like this ...
there is not much to say about this show. First episode actually shows us something unique, and good. You get captivated, but then at the end, it turns around for the worst.. . Every season needs an anime, where the plot is thin, and you can just lean back and relax, because you already know what the fantasy show is about. A strong mc, that can live out every weebs wet dream, of being strong and gets all the girl by looking at them. And even doe the show is far from finished, it is easy to see how it will end for anyone who have watched ...
Sigh, tricked by the score. Here I thought it was something special because of how much attention it has clearly been getting.. . It was a bit painful to watch this trainwreck right from episode 1. Don't get me wrong, the animation quality, sound, VA wasn't bad at all. It was great. The problem is the story, seemingly a lot of people think that cute girls and action can justify such horrible writing.. . This anime is a mish-mash of clichés, cute girls doing cute things, stupidly illogical gunfights and one of the worst secretive organizations I've ever had the displeasure to be exposed to. It's idiotic on so ...
Even though the first season of Maken-Ki was your average harem/ecchi show that contained many common tropes, I still enjoyed my time with it and I was at the very least interested in the plot a bit. While not original, I was curious about where the second season was headed. Unfortunately, the second season of Maken-Ki is a disappointment and a downgrade almost across all boards.. . If you were curious about where the story was going to go beyond the first season, keep your expectations to the lowest point because there is essentially zero plot/narrative throughout. No arc, no continuation of the overarching story, no further ...
The Failure of the Shield Hero: Season Poo.. . Remember the trench wars the anime community had over whether or not the objectively 6/10 first season of The Rising of the Shield Hero was an example of isekai done right or one of the worst isekai ever made? In hindsight, The Rising of the Shield Hero’s first season was a mediocre isekai affair. Sloppy writing, world-building, unsatisfying conclusions to conflicts and a tendency to romanticise slavery are littered all over the 24-episode season. However, the negatives were off-set by its incredibly addictive pacing, a really good first episode hook (despite its edgy, touchy subject matter), a likeable ...
“Ai to Ken no Camelot: Mangaka Marina Time Slip Jiken” is a shoujo fantasy movie (it seems that it’s not an OVA) based on one of the books in the “Mangaka Marina” series of novels. While its art, animation and music are passable, the story is rushed and full of confusing narrative decisions, and the dialogue is hackneyed. In addition, the characters suffer from a lack of background information that would help the viewer empathize with them and differentiate them from one another, making this a forgettable watch.. . “Mangaka Marina” is a series of novels that were published from the mid-1980s through the mid-1990s. The series ...
The basic premise seems decent, supposedly being a "first-person" anime where characters talk to you about their day. The series however, fails at its most basic conceit before even getting to its other issues. First and foremost, the camera changes angles frequently, sometimes jumping behind the character and back to their front within seconds. Other times there are conventional establishing shots, shots where the viewer is clearly higher than they should be (one even being high up outside a window before teleporting back into the room). Not only does the show frequently violate the 180 degree rule, but half the time the camera appears to ...
Music and animations were the only things worthwhile in this movie. Characters were either unbearable or forgettable.. . Scenes were either drawn out too much or made to short to make any impact whatsoever. Natsume was incredibly irritating, selfish, and kept putting everyone in danger and never learned from her mistakes. The main leads obviously don’t care about any of the other side characters. Kousuke had no real personality aside from being a brat, caring about the female lead and disagreeing with anyone and anything.. . When Reina, though bratty, calls out and tries to hold Natsume accountable for her many mistakes, she is instead painted as ...
Like others have mentioned, G-Witch is meant for romcom weebs and kids aged 9 and below. It lacks the tension building, adventure, thrill, large scale serious political warfare. In G-Witch you get small scale 1v1 battles in a school setting, all to resolve personal family feud. This should not be called a Gundam anime as Gundams are there only as a "topping / bonus".. . The main focus of this show is harem, lesbian, romance, family and comedy. I've dropped it at ep 4 and I want the 2hrs of my life back. The plot is also slow moving, from ep 1-4 its basically the main ...
The Show is painfully average its the same deal as hundreds of others, its disappointing as this premise could be really good. Rooting out corruption and the mind games associated with it while also trying to change a class system. But its just the same old. born strong has all of it figured out, with a couple 'lovable' companions. Even then its fumbled, its just 'oh, there dumb but I'm smart so ill teach them but not a interesting way'. I would suggest something like slime or overlord, I relies that probably isn't a fair comparison but they both have similar elements with something similar ...
How do I put this? This show is undoubtedly the most stupid ecchi/romance/comedy show I have ever seen. I went into this show expecting a trashy fun time but, least to say that was not the case. There are so many moments in this show of exponentially nonsensical one-uppage that, instead of leaving me laughing, it left me in shock. Furthermore, the romance in this show frankly makes no sense at all. The plotline feels like something made by an alien race who sped-run a romance movie at 8x speed. This shows spice counter is completely off of the Scoville scale, I may revisit this ...
THEYRE BROTHERS. THEYRE FUCKING RELATEDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD????????????????????????? AND ONE OF THEM IS A LITERAL KID???????????????????????????? ARE YOU PEOPLE INSANE OR SOMETHING. . THE WHOLE PREMISE IS DISGUSTING IN ITSELF AND DEFINETLY PEDO BAIT. I COULD NOT WATCH PAST HALF OF THE FIRST EPISODE. THE ART IS SO UNBELIEVABLE MID BUT THAT DOESNT REALLY MATTER BECAUSE THIS SHIT IS QUITE LITERALLY ILLEGAL???????????????????????????????????. . ok now for the review that mal wont let me post this without:. - story. i literally dont even think the story is worth talking abt bc its literally just about a 16 year old preying on his 8 year old stepbrother. - art. extremely mid. - characters. literal pedophile and victim. ...
Somewhat interesting Groundhog's day mystery, but the step-sibling love triangle was completely unnecessary (literally could have made them neighbors/childhood friends and nothing would change with the story). The fact that the show bends over backwards (and reality) to make it a thing is even worse.. . The animation is fine, nothing too dynamic that we haven't seen before. Main character is a blank slate, secondary characters even more so except for the writer because of her backstory.. . Characters (since we are dealing with time loops) do learn their lessons, but it feels like in the later episodes the show tries way too hard to outdo the ...
After watching the first 4 ep's, i can honestly say that I'm having very mixed feelings. so to keep it short and sweet with no spoiler's.. . Art: for the most part the art has been good and fitting to the mood, this being said it also feel inconsistent with some parts looking much better than others that can break immersion slightly, notable some "special effects" aka attacks look much more detailed than the world and this can give an odd vibe.. . Audio: once again for the most part it's good, but once again inconsistent. there are times the music is just pure messy and should never of ...
Okay wow, the heck did this one get an 8.0+ rating? Such a massive fan of the manga, But this anime adaptation can't even be called "mid". It is such a shame how poorly directed this adaptation is.. . The pacing is so fked. Haikyuu for example, though completely different sports, The pacing made it still feel smooth even though they are still talking mid-game. I don't think they did their homework of actually watching a real football game cause of how awkward they made them look when they were on the field.. . I don't actually mind the 3d in this. The animation is fine but in ...
After season 1 I was so stocked for the 2nd season...and it all ended in dissapointment. I dont know if I'll finish it because it's just not good. The animation looks worse, the plot is worse and I don't enjoy harem...so that point was already borderline in the previous season but now it got more into the center which is sad. Well I had high hopes but nope...the plot now seems kind of messy compared to before and rushed which I think takes away most of the fun. I also feel like everybody just took a couple steps back in chracter growth they had before.
A "gundam" show that is completely made for normie weeb kids. Prologue was pretty good but it turns out to be all about your brainless generic romantic comedy that's been done to death for the past decade. Set in a school but no classroom or studying, there's an exam with some random students deliberately "hack" to make others failing for fun yet no serious takeover from the teachers. It's already stupid for a school anime, can't say any more thing for a show that held the word "Gundam" on it's title. To be honest, Guilty Crown or Code Geass is more "Gundam" by it's story/plot ...
I was skeptical at first and the first episode was comical, interesting and looks like there is a lot to look forward to. It looks like only the first episode was somewhat good and that was its peak, the rest is a steep run down the hill into the ground inside the Earth and you come out of the Earth's rear end, to put it simply. This is exactly a show which could have been an average decent on but as I said comes out the rear end.. . Character starts with himself surprised and his ambitions and plot seem like the same nice comical action will ...
Platinum End has nothing to say.... . Platinum End is the newest work from Obata, Takeshi and Ohba, Tsugumi mostly known for Death note and Bakuman. So this series should be up to the same quality of those shows right? No, not in the slightest.. . Platinum End makes me annoyed, how did it end up this bad? how did the people who created one of the best psychological thrillers also create the worst?. . First lets talk about its anime adaptation before the story:. . Animation: Fine...Its fine. Signal.MD animated this adaptation of Platinum End and it was mediocre. It was never poorly animated but it was never fantastic either, it ...
This is just your typical power & isekai fantasy that you can insert yourself into, at least it feels that way. I do not understand these newer power & isekai fantasy animes where you start out fully "developed" at god-tier literally, have 5+ hot girls around you and solve everything without breaking a sweat because you're a cool edgelord. Teenager me would have loved this anime so I guess these animes are made for people around that age mentally.. . The story is very predictable, art style is very generic/whatever.. There is no character development whatsoever because it is not needed when you're at god-tier already and to ...
This was the first one-piece movie that I watched in the movie theater and it was, in a way, boring.. . Like, I get it. This movie has good animation, and good sound designs, the plot is not so bad, it has all the characters that might raise your expectations, and also has some songs. But I will be straight to the point. This movie did not give me the one-piece vibe I was looking for. This movie was more like a typical Disney movie. The songs were good up to a point. But I think there were six songs and that is a lot for ...
This is film is about a little girl who gets temporarily “transported” for a lack of a better word, into a supernatural, fantasy world. Which is supposed to be both fascinating and frightening, but fails to be either.. . To be completely honest, this film was quite boring and way longer than it should have been, perhaps it was trying too hard. It does a really bad job at making you care about anything or anyone in it. If anything, the characters’ sentiments and reactions all feel disingenuous. This “alternate world” is nothing more than obnoxious exaggeration. The so-called “deep themes” are only thrown in and never ...
Its like they didn't try. Its not a horrible concept over all but horribly executed. I love the Isekai genre but this sucks. Sucks may be to general of a term. The writing is boring, The animation is low budget, The action scenes are weak, and the world building is vague. One last complaint is I get that he is a farmer. I don't need it referenced every two minutes of every episode.. . Ep1 and 2 were alright but after that each episode seemed to worse and worse due to bad writing and lazy story execution. By the 6th episode it was just too bad ...
First of all, I'm writing this review based on having seen 3 episodes of the original series and the exact same amount for the 2022 reboot. I'm definitely not qualified to write a review when it comes to a more comparative one or otherwise on this particular series. Which is exactly why I'm writing this.. . A problem with this series is that it's unneeded. The original, from what I've seen, was fine. What's the point in remaking a series, only to do so little new with it? They both begin in similar fashion, but quickly diverge into different episodic content. It's not a 1:1 remake, ...
The movie is just an Ado concert. An expensive MV with the main characters special moves.. The film's formula is: they took a list of the audience's most beloved characters, did some marketing research on metaverse and generation z, took a ready-made fanfic from the internet (Shanks' daughter) and a singer who is very popular in Japan at the moment.. The main character is annoying and dumb. Unfortunately she has more screentime than all the Mugiwara.. Her motivation is weak and makes no sense. Oh, to top it off, have her power create dozens of new figures for fans to buy complete sets of a cute ...
My one and only review: I don't know what else to say other than I hated this, this movie should never of been made, it made me feel so gross that I wanted to scrub my flesh clean with grease removing soap. The world building is great, I hate the fanservice, I never want to use the bathroom again, prushka didn't deserve that. Don't watch this movie, or this series. If you liked it, you are either numb to it all, or very very weird and I hope I never come across you in real life.. thank you for coming to my Ted Talk :D
A running gag comedy show about the metaphoric inner fight on forcing stereotype on people.. . Sadly the show was made by the wrong studio. The typical Hisashi Eguchi plot actually really had some potential, but the production and the director made the choices to ruin the subtleties behind the peripeties by enforcing the edginess! That only made it appear as a regular adult show made for wanking. So a big part of the plot has been lost in the process. A running gag comedy show as edgy it could be, mandatory needs its subtleties to make pass the message behind the subjects.
(Edit: My beliefs did 180 at the end and actually liked it but won't change my prelim review. But I didn't like it as much to write a fresh review. Stop pinging me). Maybe I am too boomer to understand what this show is supposed to accomplish in the post-Isekai Ojisan era.. . Is it really a satire to isekai? No doubt it is not a run of the mill isekai but where is it poking fun at isekai though.. . MC has delusions of grandeur, okay. He peddles a lie about a malicious illuminati to his harem, okay. But the illumaniti exists, okay.. Here have this girl who got assaulted ...
I found this anime very bad, it's a lack of love and attention around all the characters.. For having a very positive evaluation, I decided to try it, I thought the anime would be very good, but it's very bland!. At the beginning of the story I was waiting for the anime to improve, to have a little comedy to have an interesting story, in the middle of the anime it started to improve a little, in the end I thought the ending was good but nothing very exciting, although the characters still reached the age of majority , I found them very childish.. I thought the secondary ...
This movie is for already-fans of the series, its basically just fan service and a random story that's hard to care for.. . Visuals are always nice to look at, i wish the battle scenes near the end weren't chalk full of cringe moments, it felt like i was watching a power rangers combination scene. eugh. . However I thought the whole musical take on everything was a really nice spin on a one piece movie and the music was just really fun and enjoyable to listen too, it would have tied in really nicely if the story wasn't lame.. . I wouldn't recommend this to people who aren't already ...
I do not understand how this movie has such a high score. Is it from all the One Piece fans that have yet to see it and just assume it is going to be great, so they give it a 10? Don't get me wrong, I'm a huge One Piece fan, but this movie is the worst One Piece film out of the bunch, taking into account when they were each released.. You can feel the force of the movie, from the beginning, trying to rush you through. It felt so choppy and there were instances, that I will not spoil, that simply did not make ...
I watched this show in 2020 and no hate if you like this show. But for me, I must admit this is honestly still the worst show I have watched completely thus far. Once I was finished with it, I ended up feeling bad I hadn't just dropped it. Guess my drive to watch isekai's at the time kept me wanting to see it through. But in all honesty, for me, this was so bad, watching it made everything feel dull immediately after. Like when you feel extremely bored, and can do nothing about it because everything seems tasteles.. But if you are wondering if you ...
LAZY. this is such a badly executed and directed anime, this anime wishes to create a female version of Johan Liebert, a charismatic female who is complex but the issue is this anime has been tried out before.. everything is textbook, that's the main issue, this anime is unbelievably lazy, there is nothing refreshing.. Magase is brought to station to get questioned and during the conversation, she mentions how the name of the Main Character is about justice (textbook and pathetic attempt at hinting the message of the show to the audience), then she says she will cooperate if the MC talks to him about his personal life ...
There are people that seem to believe this show is parody, a deconstruction of the ridiculous power fantasies of isekai-genre enjoyers. If that was the authorial intent, then they missed the mark. They missed it by a very, very long way.. . This somehow manages to be a deformed mash up of a typical irony-poisoned rom-com and a real isekai offender like overlord. If it is a parody then lacks any sense of humour in its execution, somehow imagining that just being irony-poisoned would carry it through, but, what possible literary objective could you have with an irony-poisoned god who is not crippled by a soul rending ...
This show gave us the travesty that is the Promised Neverland Season 2. That alone is enough to not recommend this. From removing most of the story to becoming a PowerPoint presentation, this has become such a funny comedy to watch as the fans were losing their minds about becoming the reincarnation of Game of Thrones. However, it has something good to show, history. One of the most important things, why we learn about history, is to not repeat mistakes again, to learn from the past and do what our ancestors were not able to, to redeem people and lead people to new ways which ...
This show gave us the travesty that is the Promised Neverland Season 2. That alone is enough to not recommend this. From removing most of the story to becoming a PowerPoint presentation, this has become such a funny comedy to watch as the fans were losing their minds about becoming the reincarnation of Game of Thrones. However, it has something good to show, history. One of the most important things, why we learn about history, is to not repeat mistakes again, to learn from the past and do what our ancestors were not able to, to redeem people and lead people to new ways which ...
They literally took a manga which was a parody of all the worst cliches, power fantasies, and haremology. And turned it into an unironic anime with all the worst cliches, power fantasies, and haremology. Where they fuxxing high? If you value your sanity don't watch this.. . Admittedly the type of humor is inherently subtle, and it makes sense that it would be hard to pull off. But i get the sense that the makers of the anime didnt understand at all what made the manga so appealing. perhaps They are cringe lords who embrace all the same tropes that make many anime frankly embarassing ...
If you want a mediocre movie, you can toy with a concept; if you want a good movie, you can ask questions about a serious concept; but if you want a masterpiece, your movie has to represent a timeless idea.. . Sadly, Ghost in the Shell is a mediocre movie dealing with an outdated trend. It is advertised as a philosophical and thought-provoking movie with some deep story elements that make it way ahead of its time, but in reality, this movie is just another ride on the 90s' sentient AI trend.. . Even in 1995, better movies discussed the topic GITS tried to touch way better than this ...
Eternal is an anime that looks good when you look at some still shots and the trailer. The animation is still choppy but with some average improvements here and there. It does not have the power to outshine a lot of modern counterparts in this respect. So someone who has not read the manga would likely drop this within the firs 10 minutes.. This arc was more interesting in the manga, this looks like a vanilla adaptation, everything is serene, no impending sense of doom or scary villains, they all come across as non-threats to our main characters. The funny scenes are very underwhelming, I ...
Plan to watch: don not, if you care about your mental sanity,. Watching it: you could still get some help,. Finished it: too far gone, nothing to be done anymore, got only yourself to blame.. . To sum it up briefly:. A psychotic abomination of a rushed "anime" consisting of low quality 3DCGI that portrays a messed up gore shitfest that's trying to be cute.. They're not even attempting to hide it... episode 11, at 9:52). . If you were just thinking that's a good thing, there's a good chance you enjoyed Redo of Healer or that infamous scene from Made in Abyss.. Not even a good psychiatrist could do a thing about your ...
As it always is with these kinds of rom-coms, it gets us hyped with first few episodes with some unique plot point – being exchanged in hospital to another family, and parents of both exchanged children decide together to get them married to each other. After this event, it is as basic and average as one can imagine.. . There is no element that ruins the show. The problem is that it is incredibly plain. Nothing major happens, no real development, just day-to-day mundane life of a betrothed teen couple living together. Although the show sometimes brings some interesting twist, it fades away after some time or ...
tl;dr: Bland power fantasy isekai story for edge lords.. It's really bland. It's a power fantasy isekai story. The show says MC is OP whenever he show up and bulldozes and terrorizes the villains. As far as blandness the show places the MC in a sword and magic high school. There's little world building. MC wants basically be a mix of superhero powers with no weaknesses. Batman(vigilante, fight at night, wear black), superman (invulnerable). For some reason on top of being untouchable, he can instantly heal any wound. I almost forgot the background characters. He gets a massive background harem. They just popped up out of ...
So I've read some of the other reviews that say the manga was supposed to be satirical, but the show comes off more like a chuuni incel fantasy. The first thing I thought of the MC in the first episode was the quiet kid in the back of the classroom and then the show immediately proved me right as the MC goes full vigilante just to make himself feel cool. Then he gets himself isekaid by throwing a tantrum because he finally realized he's no one special.. . Move on to the fantasy world and he continues to "act average" or in reality just look down on ...
*SAD NOISES INTENSIFIES.* (REPOST.). . The fans have been waiting for 9 and a half years for a sequel... in exchange for this? NOT WORTH! You done messed up, Studio 3Hz. Everything about the show screams poorly constructed, from overblown reactions to bizarre camera angles to malformed appearances to cheap animation. It felt like the show was made in the early 2010s. You know you've fucked up when the sequel to KanoKari outperforms you. It makes me wonder if S2 should have existed at all.. . Let's start with the obvious downgrade in art style and animation. While the differences in the art styles of the characters are ...
Before I started the anime, I only heard good things about it. Unfortunately, I got a bit disappointed, mostly because of the main character, Michiru.. . The story itself is very interesting and it has a nice few turns. BNA discusses politics as well as discrimination and racism. The whole concept of Anima City, his social construction, is well thought through.. . I also liked the animation, which is heavily based on western comic culture, mainly coloration. It perfectly suits Trigger's portfolio. Maybe the action scenes are a bit exaggerated, but this is my personal taste.. As mentioned at the beginning, my main criticism is Michiro, a young girl ...
Three episodes of slice-of-life padding and semi-promising racism commentary that goes nowhere, building up to an explosion of unjustified chaos that I would say "must be seen to be believed" if I wanted anyone to waste their time on it. Nearly every plot thread is dropped, even ones which were introduced earlier in the same episode, and numerous more suddenly take prominence for reasons left very unclear. Half the finale is clumsy infodumping and it still ends up maddeningly vague as to what the point even was.. . The big dude's really cool, and the finale has a smattering of brief interesting moments, albeit ones that come ...
MC is deliberately kept in the dark about his situation for no good reason, and his "childhood friend" bodyguard interacts exclusively in passive-aggressive comments, insults, and violence. The entire show consists of MC being clueless, being attacked for reasons beyond his comprehension, then everyone around him insulting him for not knowing what's going on.. . Apparently MAL wants me to add more information to this review now, since it apparently abhors brevity. So I'll point out that the writing continues to get worse as time goes on, with each episode only adding weight to the weak foundations the show has been built on. At no point ...
5 episodes in and my first impression still has not changed at all. The concept of this show is exhilarating and unique, ninjas and their role in the modern world. However, it was a complete disappointment that these so-called "ninjas" are just bulky Power Rangers that look like absolute jokes. On top of that, it's just completely generic and none of the characters (with the exception of Kousetsu) really stand out and just feel like overgeneralised tropes.. . The main problem with this anime's cast is the MC, Sakuraba Ittoki. He's demonstrated to be idealistic, optimistic, and nice, the problem is that none of these traits resemble ...
Judging by merits of other trash isekai animu... this is not really good. I gave it a 5, and I'm already doubting that it might be too high.. This is just way too cookie-cutter sort of plot, I mean it's not even isekai, but you get a harem, check, OP plz nerf powers, check, completely unredeemable sort of characters in antagonist role who exist solely to grief you and be beaten up by newly upgraded hero? Check. It's that sort of "grievance revenge fantasy" I think, where you're supposed to just take most base and animalistic glee from bullies getting their comeuppance without any actual ...
Saying Digimon Adventure Movie: Last Evolution Kizuna is bad is putting it nicely. Considering all the weird things that happened with Adventure lately with the addition of the Tri movies, it creates a bunch of movies if those "Movies" or "Specials" are counted as canon to this movie as many things are unexplained like why Genai is a good guy all the sudden.. . This movie also seems not to know what exactly it wants as it seems like a love letter at first going as far as showing the 02 kids and giving hints to their dreams that were shown at the end of Digimon Adventure ...
We start this review with the classic disappointment of a source reader. I have read all the source material and was keen to see it get an adaptation.. I want this to be clear, the source material is lovely, if you enjoy the genre. It's not for everyone but that mild tsundere secondary love interest take, is the cake for some. If you DID actually enjoy the show, please take a second and go read the source material, at this time it is only 52 chapters, you can read it in 2-4 hours.. . Now I have A LOT of issues with this adaptation, take everything with a ...
Bluelock takes everything good about sports anime, turns it inside out, grinds it up, and then tries to sell it as innovation. Or something like that. The only good thing about this series is that it highlights the biggest flaw with soccer: that there can be players that carry a team singlehandedly and can get away with it.. . Characters: 2/10 All of them technically ripe for character growth, but the overarching environment ruins any sensible possibility of satisfying character growth.. . Story: 1/10 It's totally contrived beyond recognition as a viable plot.. . Acting: 6/10 The horrid story and bad characters make it difficult to make a call for ...
Review contains Minor Spoilers.. . Even if you just want a trashy b-movie horror anime this show will still disappoint you. 3/4 EPs are basically just a SoL drama about elderly japanese people coming to terms with their new foreign neighbors with the only "horror" element being a bunch of random dead animals. There is a subplot about some past conflict that happened at a religious site near the apartment complex that might tie into the main characters current life as well as a few characters randomly disappearing but it's never actually the focus of the show because obviously you would much rather see the elderly japanese ...
I cannot take this anymore. The haters and critics were right. This show is worthless.. . This show is dragging out the manga as one piece and dragon ball. Barely anything is happening episode by episode. You are going to have to wait years till the later manga chapters and the manga would probably finish by then.. . The comedy isn't funny and expects us to laugh like we're in pre school. Adam Sandler movies have better humour.. . The characters monologue the most obvious things.. . There is no stakes.. . Anya keeps and having that evil smirk and does nothing about it ultimately alienating what we are supposed to think about her. ...
Narrower scope at start,. very good grimy type setting getting you into the degenerate vampires in a ubran london feeling,. good at sucking you in, making you feel the world is alive with SAS agent training, MI5 investigators doing. independant work, ancient passive vampires being informants and a really awesome Hong Kong Scene(best scene in the show). . ^ But the fact the HK scene was the best scene, alongside, maybe the impalement scene, says a lot.. It's just boring, not really fun or interesting or having memorable moments.. . I tried to compliment as best as I could, I think there's something to be learned about the positives of atmosphere and ...
The first few episodes immediately hook you, suggesting a fun and light hearted series of a girl who decides to court the demon lord to avoid dying in an otome game. Aileen is endearing and crafty. Claude, despite being the demon lord, is surprisingly soft and affectionate. How Aileen decides to avert her own doom, sometimes through ridiculously concocted plans, is hilarious. The song for the ending credits goes hard.. . Only, the pacing is entirely off. Somehow, the series feels like it's planning to adapt 8 volumes in a short anime. Supposedly emotional movements are introduced and discarded within the minute. Most episodes after the ...
I knew almost instantly what this show was going to be barely into the first episode, then I confirmed it by checking the latest chapter of the manga. This show is, and will only ever be, a constant string of 'romantic' moments without any foundation, nor any chemistry between the characters. There is no point.. . The main character is pathetic and spineless. It's hard to properly quantify just how frustrating it is watching him babble and whine and allow himself to be verbally abused and physically dominated (the main girl forcefully grabs his shirt a couple times in the first episode and he just takes it). ...
From someone who gave the 1st season a 10/10 masterpiece rating, it pains me to say that this one is just a plain insult to the 1st season.. . What the 1st season had was a coherent plot with interesting characters and a smooth pacing. Well the 2nd second season has none of them.. The first 6 episodes or so was good with a pretty interesting story but after that it just turns into a directionless disgrace. My long wait for the sequel of one of my favourite shows was ruined and for naught.. . The character design especially for the shield hero was appealing and really fresh in the ...
Sometimes I can get over the pervy nature of certain anime if the plot is good; like, does the way that women are drawn in One Piece annoy me? Of course it does! Yet, the story itself makes up for it, and the women are written with actual substance; in Seven Deadly Sins I honestly felt disgusted and I cannot believe people are rating it so highly. The story was not that interesting and neither were the characters and MELIODAS.. . I struggle to understand why everyone is just looking over his lewdness; his behaviour is misogynistic, and the 'dumb blonde ditz' attitude of the girl ...
I am going to try to keep this review short for any potential viewer of this show: The first 3 or so episodes are actually entertaining and showed quite a bit of promise, however, after that the quality of the content within each episode seemed to exponentially drop. While the first episodes are really cute and wholesome, the following episodes become boring, poorly paced, and outright "cringe" at times. It is a shame honestly, as the series initially had so much potential but it all seemingly went to waste. In all honesty its a miracle that I actually completed this show and I have no ...
Where is the story? After completing it on the strength of the animation alone, I realized Shirou has so little personality that my brain somehow achieved the unprecedented feat of learning muscle memory, as in whenever this garbage character's mouth began to animate, my brain shut off and went on a vacation to something, anything more interesting, such as summoning memories of corporate meetings with interns freshly out of university who only know how to say "synergy, win win, vis a vis, breakeven point".. . I could maybe tolerate this garbage "protagonist" if the plot is actually interesting, but the plot can be described as "hack ...
I saw this show on the popular section on crunchyroll and decided to watch it, what followed is a close simulacrum of when I tried to read from the New York Times best sellers list, believing the false notion of "the wisdom of the crowd". It appears that there is more "the poor taste of a society in decline".. . Even for a slice of life no-consequences story, this show is easily some of the most vapid, uncharismatic, stereotypical, off the shelf garbage I have ever watched. None of the characters have any charisma, any plot twist has zero impact. The entire story can be summed ...
I’ve Somehow Fallen Asleep Whilst Watching This Crap.. . In the comment section of an episode of Chainsaw Man on Crunchyroll I saw someone describe it’s story as generic. The person who wrote that comment obviously doesn’t understand the meaning of the word generic, but if you want a raw, prime example of what a generic anime looks like, then look no further than I've Somehow Gotten Stronger When I Improved My Farm-Related Skills.. . I’ll be honest, I fell asleep half way through episode two or three because I was that fucking bored watching it so I can’t reliably confirm that my recalling of the premise is accurate, ...
Anime Genre Roulette 🎰 Review 1 🎰 Samurai. Since i started playing this amazingly fun game i thought it'd be cute to start a review series of all the anime i'll be watching in this gambling anime challenge, starting with roulette win n. 1: Mushibugyo!. . And unfortunately there is no way in hell i can recommend this first anime.... The script is beyond mediocre, with a plot that is very disconected and often completely nonsensical. . If i had to give it a couple of very minor good points. The first OP is an absolute banger and the giant bugs look super cool. It also has some interesting character designs, combining costumes ...
Horror is anime's weakest link. It's quite possibly the one genre that the anime industry just cannot pull off well at all. To them, horror is basically just gore and jumpscares with the occasional reference to the supernatural. This is a genre that thrives off of subtlety and atmosphere, elements that the medium generally does not pull off well nowadays. "Housing Complex C" serves as another reminder of that.. . I was kind of hyped for this show to be fairly honest. An Adult Swim original produced by Production IG and whose premise carries this very surreal, almost dreamlike vibe about it; I was expecting the ...
Where do I start with this anime?. . The first episode was probably one of the greatest first episodes I've seen. It establishes the overall tone of the show while giving us insight into the protagonists background and motivations. The soundtrack played AMAZING music at the BEST moments, and helped to hype up the action and storytelling. The first episode built up a storyline that you would think the main character would embark in. A poor loner, whos only friend was a demon, forced to hunt other demons to pay off his dead fathers debt to the yakuza. After being driven close to death, he merges with ...
Please, let this serve as an example on "how to kill an anime before it even aired"... Blue Lock has been fed to us for month as being the greatest football anime we'll ever see, and yes, visually it is, but that's about it.. . I don't like to compare anime, but if you take AoAshi : It had simpler animation (to not say "bad"), but the character development was pretty high and there were some slice of life included in it so that the whole story wouldn't revolve around football (well, it does, but not entirely).. . Here with Blue Lock, we have good animation (not insanely good, ...
Think of a children's anime that references other games and anime, this is the only cool part for me!. The anime is about a mega powerful character, who doesn't want to draw attention, the main character is the one who talks the least, not even a secondary character talks as little as this one!. The secondary characters besides not enchanting, they don't add anything!. I watched 10 episodes waiting for the anime to evolve, I expected something to impress me, but nothing happened.. If you're around 12, I think you'll like it. I found him very childish.. If you're looking for an anime with engaging stories, don't watch this one, ...
Gonna make this one short since this was 3 minutes, so here we go.. . If you've come from a moistcr1tikal video about this "piece of media", well congratulations, because this repulsive piece of shit is literally the most hideous thing you'll ever come across in your entire life.. . The imagery of it is really weird, it feels like something you'd see in a wild fever dream you'd have on random nights. This isn't helped much at all by the sound design either, since it's really mostly random noises and has no idea what the hell it really wants to be at all.. . Everything else about ...
Ok think of the most generic Isekai possible, now imagine it being 5x more generic than that and you got this anime. This show does literally nothing new when compared to prior Isekai shows. The plotline is so bog-standard that even I someone who "occasionally" enjoys a trashy Isekai plot was completely bored out of my mind. This show possesses characters that are mediocre at best, and a plotline that is so obvious you can probably guess the end of the season by episode one. I made sure to watch through the entire show to see if it ended up doing a 180 like some ...
I swear whoever made this dropped out of an economics course in community college in the first semester and then decided to make a anime based on what little knowledge he had gained. Or he lost money on some stock like a /biz/tard usually does. Well whatever, regardless of who made this one thing it is for certain. It isn't a very good anime. It doesn't help it was nothing more than a battle shounen trash without any originality whatsoever. Every trope under the sun was used here and outside of some odd visuals here and there it just didn't do anything right. The ...
Dribble of Mana.. . What a surprise. Another anime adaptation of a beloved 90’s video game from a franchise which could use a bit of love… and it sucks.. . I myself enjoyed playing “Trails of Mana” and “Legends of Mana” back in the day, but theres a difference between immersing yourself in the world of an RPG and watching an anime pantomime of that RPG with the story completely streamlined and the charm taken away.. . Look, if you’ve watched a bad video game adaptation then you’ve seen them all. They all have the same problems. Poor pacing, a main character says and does things contrary to how you’d ...
Highlander is a cult classic film from 1986. It's so ingrained into pop culture that even if you've never seen it you know the basic premise and the classic line "there can be only one." It's also a very divisive film where you tend to either hate or love it and critics are largely in the former camp but there's enough of a fanbase that it spawned multiple sequels, several TV versions and an anime film. Which is what we're going to be looking at today. How did our old friends at Madhouse handle the property?. . Story:. . Colin MacLeod is one of the titular Highlanders. For ...
THIS SHIT IS SO FUCKING TWISTED. . HOW TF U GET OFF OF RAPE AND INCEST THIS SHIT SENT ME DOWN A DARK SPIRAL I WOULDNT RECOMMEND IT (i binged it back to back and didnt skip a bit) BUT STILL DONT WATCH IT UNLESS U R A SICK FUCK. . DONT FUCKING WATCH THIS SHIT PLS ESPIECCLY IF UR A TEENAGER U GONNA TURN INTO A SICK FUCK. . THE STORY IS JUST AS MORE FUCKED UP LIKE HOLY SHIT WHAT KINDA FATHER WILL DO THIS. . the characters are also all sick in their own sense like imagine liking it when ur dad fucks u and ur dad calling u ur ...
This is not anime.. this is a fucking game!!! That's why This game is terrible. Like you watching someone play an RPG game but you just watch there not play!! Things that make me mad are how other characters behave. Just like NPC in a fucking game!!! I watch another anime like bofuri before and on bofuri, each time Maple meets an NPC I just like, ok they give her quests that's what they do. And that's ok in bofuri, because that's all they can do... But here in this game that is definitely not anime, NPC really behaves like NPC in a game "AN ...
Plot: the main character used to be a talented musician pushed by his mom. His mom is one of those people who failed at something they wanted, so they pushed their kids to opt for the same thing in order to live vicariously through them. The issue is that after his mom passed, he couldn't even hear his own sound, so he gave up playing professionally. This is his life until he meets a free spirit who plays the violin. This is actually a promising premise, the issue was the execution. Though before we dive into that, let's talk about ...
(for context this review was made by 3 people, more details in our pfp). . -Isekai Lover (rating 1): No. Unless... no, even if you like it you shouldn't, just no (plus rushed ending). . -Isekai Hater (rating 1): no, just no, only no.. . -Isekai Coyote (rating 1): So, someone needs to say something for this review to be posted, so that will be my work.. Starting with the characters, we got the protagonist, generic Kirito horny man who will do anything do get ladys, Roxxane, the first slave and a very flat personality that is just kinda there helping the protagonist and doing sex with him, there is also ...
Although the original premise is good, there were a lot of cliches that were really hard to look past. All the love interests in this series so far have no personality other than being eye candy and I really wish they would have added at least a couple of female superheroes. Most of my time watching this series was spent thinking "man, the girl deserves better than this".. . The art style was a mix between DC comics and anime, but not in a good way. The main character had a lot of flaws, and he seems very unlikeable to me. Maybe if you really like ...
This anime was good but it was a let down when it came to the end of the series.... I thought the story was progressing really beautifully there were many moments that both characters were developing and trying to be better versions of them selves but when it came to the end of the series it felt like a let down.. . I really am not a big fan of anime that really end on a cliff hanger like that. A season should be contained and while its fine to have unanswered questions, i am not ok with a story reaching its climax and never getting ...
It's been a while since an anime opened up without a cold open and jumped straight in with the opening song. And the opening of Kakkou no Iinazuke is pretty great. It's punchy, catchy, creative, vibrant, well directed and animated, and overall just feel-good. Everything this anime isn't.. . Warning: This review CONTAINS SPOILERS (but this show sucks and has very poor sense of foreshadowing so it honestly doesn't matter) and is quite long. . The Westermarck Effect is clearly a product that has not yet found import into Japan. I haven't seen such aggressive pandering on incest since Domestic Girlfriend. But whilst Domestic Girlfriend actually went into the ...
Mob Psycho 100 (2016). . Who knew that those Youtube videos of fights would be literally the best bits of the whole show. This has to be one of the most overrated 5/10 shows I have seen in a long time. It's just an Isekai without leaving the world, so yes not an Isekai but still the overpowered main, with average friends and people trying to contain him. You do get rage and overpowered moments but then it tries to be funny which the show isn't by making it all comical.. . The story tries to be a slice of life but misses out on most of the ...
i think the art is change a bit !! or this is because it is a movie !nevertheless1the art is good !Can't say the same about the plot though!. somewhere in my heart i knew that the ending will be terrible but i still watch this cause of the scene in season 2 where all girls became bride!i thought maybe i mean maybe there is some hope of harem happy ending but i was wrong !horribly wrong !the ending did try to give a satisfying touch but it was too late as nothing can't be undone at that point!!in conclusion if this wasn't based on a ...
As someone who has not watched the original anime series, I forced myself to watch through all four movies in the series hoping that plot would start to make more sense the more I continued watching, while reassuring that myself that there has to be something redeeming about the movies with how much praise it seems to get. Now that I finished, I can confidently say that I still have no clue what's going on.. . I really have no clue about the motives on any of the characters or the reasoning for any of the events that occurred throughout the show. It was never explained why ...
I... don't remember watching this. I hold maybe one or two memories that were only brought back by another person's review of the worst anime of the year that year, and only then did I remember that I had seen this show. I honestly couldn't tell you if I had finished it, it left such a miniscule impression on me. I'm pretty sure that means it's not good. There's not a single person to whom I'd recommend this show, nor is there any reason for me to go back and refresh my memory. It's standard Isekai fare, where a group of already incredibly blessed people ...
For what is suppose to be an ASMR anime, its really loud! Each episode gives you maybe 10 seconds of ASMR and then is just the cast speaking at normal volume. Its even worse when the main character (the dude who is a reincarnated object every episode) opens his mouth and really ruins any chance of experiencing any ASMR. Even then, the ASMR is ok at best. At least every episode is like 3 minutes so its over quickly. If you enjoy ASMR, I don't really think that you'd enjoy this very much. I'd recommend just watching any ASMR youtuber instead. Much better quality and ...
This my friends is truly a cinematic masterpiece brought to us by those of the highest caliber.. . Story 100/10: This has to be the most descriptive piece of media that I have ever rested my eyes upon. Considering that this grand-scale godsend is only a mere 19 minutes, this is an exquisite accomplishment. This story follows a wonderful cast of skelters, humanoids and an old-men-filled infantry fighting against the fearsome sky squid. The backstory and 10 minute long view of the moon really speak to me in particular, and contribute an awful amount to this already S-tier storyline. It is very relatable and shows the ...
I don't know if the director has severe myopia or something, because he completely missed the whole point of the manga. . The original series is a satire, a hilarious comedy about an edgelord that was isekaid, and a story that makes fun of all the classical edgy isekai OP MC tropes. It's essentially a gag series, in the same sense that One Punch Man makes fun of all the fighting shows - it's so exaggerated and stupid that it leaves you with tons of memorable fun moments. The manga is so incredibly fun, which ended up setting the bar too high. The anime basically just seems like ...
So from a production standpoint this is barely a movie, it feels like a 2 hour 16 minute episode of a TV Anime. Like theres a couple of sequences where it kind of tries I guess? But man, if this just so lifeless here. Theres a sequence after a scene where the characters do just a very mediocre dance, they had the audacity to have 8 straight stills, I counted, 8. In a theatrical released animated film that did nothing but shut down any momentum this movie maybe could have had. Now I know this is a widely successful Harem manga that don't really need ...
If you enjoy every isekai anime that comes out, then you'll like this one as well. If you laugh at them, you'll laugh at this one too.. . So. I had some, some, hope this might be a semi-okay show. I had some expectations regarding it.. What kind of limitations did being inside a sword have? Examples. Can't move on its own. Can't attack its own. Requires a master to wield it.. Answer: No. To all of them. Master is optional. Free movement. Unlimited movement.. Would it be funny? What kind of humor was it aiming for? The generic kind so no it wasn't funny.. . Conclusion.. A generic adventure show about a ...
I cannot get over the lewd scenes. Karen and Koyomi in episode 8 just hurts my brain so much. Like WHY. WHY. The whole basis of monogatari series is the harem of Koyomi, and it is unrestrained, including an elementary school girl and Koyomi's sister. The fanservices really destroys the whole plot.. . The animation is the only thing carrying the show. Literally. I look at comments of the episodes, and it is full of people who simply watch for the fanservice. Episode 8 apparently has "THE toothbrush scene", something someone like myself is unaware of because I do not watch anime for the hint of ...
Plot: a group of knights called the seven deadly sins are wanted for a reward. We follow the main girl, Elizabeth, and the perverted owner of a shop. Plot twist, he's a deadly sin! The sin of wrath!. . Honestly, this anime isn't good, but it's not the worst ever. It has cool magic powers and some interesting lore to keep you from dropping it. The issue is that it gets more and more disgusting as time goes on. It starts with the pervert. Then it gets to the loli crap and then even more problematic shit (so I've heard ...
The lesson of the day: Less is more, way more!. . Plot: The main character never wins a cooking competition against his dad. It's understandable, since he's only in middle school. The kid gets tired of it and explores the world of cuisine to finally be able to beat his dad.. . This is a great concept! It's not only a cooking show, but it's a cooking competition between parent and kid, and then they go on an adventure to learn different types of cuisine. This is a genius concept on its own.. . Too bad they ruin it with disgusting fanservice. Having middle schoolers grown ...
After an amazing Prologue episode that was full of action and tragedy, the show decides to leave war and politics and become a generic girly comedy show similar to many moe/otomoe/SoL animes with recycled, cliché jokes, overused character templates, and other dumb tropes.. . Not only the show decided to rip off Utena, but it's really plotless. 4 episodes so far and there is no real plot. it's just "haha awkward dumb girl getting in awkward situations and everyone wants to bang/bully her xD" kind of show.. it's cringe, it's awful and is tasteless... specifically made for the average standardless anime fan who just wants to lust over ...
VERY MINOR SPOILERS for episode 1 and 3. . CSM is not a terrible anime. But it is not an anime which I would recomend.. . . First let's talk about the positives. The episodes are quite well paced there is not a moment when you would get bored and at the same time it is not chaotic. Viewer can easily folow the plot and will not be confused by the sequence of events. There is no(as of episode 3) situation that would happened for pure shock value and lacked any in show explanation. So it's safe to say that CSM passes th"3 episode rule" test.. . The character design ...
Tite Kubo has seemingly not developed his character writing since 2005. It's the same pony show that disappointed everyone back in Bleach's original anime run - Extremely weak dialogue, lifeless world with no interactivity, laser beam sword fights that pause for 90% of their runtime so characters can exposit their all-too-serious feelings. The plot moves wherever the writer wants with no pacing and no setup, we just need to get to the next baddy of the week.. . In the only fight of note in three episodes of this battle shounen, the upper hand is traded back and forth between protag-kun and evil-kun seemingly at random just ...
Crazy Boring University.. . Crazily enough I was slightly looking forward to “The Human Crazy University”. From what had been shown through promotional material this would be a fun, absurdist comedy told through a 1960s, minimalist animation style about a death row inmate surviving his death sentence and recovering his memories. And it is that… minus the comedy… and the absurdity… and any reason to continue watching it….. . The biggest problem this show has is how seriously it takes itself despite its goofy premise. The first episode is told completely straight-faced from start to finish, setting a strangely sombre tone that overstays its welcome. Even the introduction of ...
Komi Can't Communicate. . This is such a huge missed shot at showing people what social anxiety is like. It started promising and then it fizzled out like a wet firecracker. The characters are fun and full of potential but the writers got bored with the story or something and instead of showing people what social anxiety is like and how debilitating it can be they showed us that people will social anxiety are weird and boring.. . Repeating the same explanation about how people with social anxiety are not against connecting with people over and over doesn't make it any better.. . Started to watch it because the ...
My first ever review on this site, a review on the adaptation of my favorite visual novel.. After watching 200+ shows, I only decide to review one now, why you may ask? The answer is simple.. This 2 episode OVA actually offends me on a personal level.. . Lets talk a bit about the original Visual Novel first shall we?. The original visual novel has some of the most masterful storytelling and setup I have ever had the pleasure of reading through, especially its second installment. It presents the story to you in a wonderful fashion, providing you enough clues and at the same time keeping the mystery going until ...
For an OVA about a guy with a magic earlobe, this anime is woefully mediocre.. . A young man has inherited the power of "The Dragon's Ear" which gives him superpowers. Every time he removes his earring, he goes from cute fop to wild-haired Lothario, able to use the superpowers of incredible luck, weather control, hyper-seduction kisses, super agility, and the ability to see the future. These he uses to conquer an evil clan of women and save the girl he loves.. . The series starts out pretty tame, but by the end of the finale, the show devolves into bonkers. One would assume that a story ...
Jizzcock The Powerpoint Presentation.. . Vazzrock The Animation is more a test of endurance than an anime. You sit and you watch what I think is supposed to be an idol show, but the challenge is to see how long it takes before you start pressing the ‘skip forward 10 seconds’ button multiple times, let alone just dropping the show in it’s entirety out of sheer boredom.. . To describe the story as a story is an insult to story telling as it’s more akin to a large circle jerk than a constructive narrative. Granted the premise is about idols sitting and doing a live stream to promote ...
"Bleach has finally made its way into the midstream"*. . Out of all popular shounens, Bleach is perhaps the one that checks off all the stereotypes anti-shounen anime fans like to throw at shounen fans. It's a mindless battle-shounen, has badly written females (Yes, it's controversial to say Bleach has badly written females as it's often hailed as one of the series with the best female cast. That notion comes from the sheer number of females in the story, and their level of power in the action portion of the story, not from the fact that their writing is any good. Good designs and fights don't make ...
English.. It is an anime that I really do not know what it wants to do, according to the trigger of the plot is that Komi has 100 friends but in truth that is not the focus, but more a love series and a series that you see eventually, if you did not see each chapter every week that came out it will cost you work to start it since nothing interesting happens in the entire anime.. What shines the most is the animation since it has a great style and it feels refreshing compared to anime from the same era.. In my case, I didn't like this ...
English.. It is an anime that I really do not know what it wants to do, according to the trigger of the plot is that Komi has 100 friends but in truth that is not the focus, but more a love series and a series that you see eventually, if you did not see each chapter every week that came out it will cost you work to start it since nothing interesting happens in the entire anime.. What shines the most is the animation since it has a great style and it feels refreshing compared to anime from the same era.. In my case, I didn't like this ...
After reading the synopsis and watching the trailer I was interested in seeing if Shinobi no Ittoki is going to bring something fresh or remotely interesting to the table.. . Unfortunately after the first 4 episodes the show has yet to give us an actual reason for its existence. It starts off fine with the first episode introducing us to the MC and some of the supporting characters as well as the conflict at hand. Instead of building up more on the ninja clans lore and introducing an intriguing premise, the MC gets sent into a generic school setting, but with ninja activities. Honestly I wouldn't have ...
In the three episodes that I've seen, the show explains absolutely nothing of the premise. Maybe it's nice to keep some degree of mystery, but there has to be a limit. You can't expect me to go along with this nonsense without giving me at least a tiny bit of reason. It doesn't even have to be all that sophisticated or anything, it could just be something like "we wanted to make a crazy maid blood and gore show with no logic and all action" and that'd be enough for me but give it to me in advance, so I know what to expect. Don't ...
Part 2 of the show that somehow managed to make it two seasons without giving anything away.. . In season one I complained that the show was missing the 5 Ws of basic story telling. I don't know who these characters are, why they're doing this, what are the stakes or even the when and where since they keep bringing up this alternate world/history where vampires hide away from humans YET they keep running into them at random times because plot.. . In season two we continue with this tradition. Vartis and Noe's personalities are... yeah I still have no idea. I just know the fanservice sections are given ...
Comparing this to the fist would be an insult. The story while yes this is a hentai, the first actually put time into it and made it a watchable good anime with a interesting story. As a sequel follow up the story that is put forward this time around takes everything I liked about the first and threw it over a cliff. You can tell it was cheaply made and not well written or was they didn't care what they wrote as long as they got a product out thee door. This smells like a anime that was made to just make a quick buck. ...
Deadman wonderland, the amazing first season of a series that would never be. Chained to mediocrity not by its art, characters, or plot but by its lack of continuation. Leaving the viewer wanting so much more yet painfully asking "that's it!?". . Deadman wonderland is quite an interesting and entertaining anime. An anime with lots of promise for the road ahead. Its characters are portrayed very well, being dynamic with conflict and exciting yet with much mystery as to their full motivations and backstory. The story is captivating and entertaining to watch unfold, yet also holds an air of mystery as to how the story will end, ...
I want to preface this with the fact that I came into this series with knowledge already on the Three Kingdoms period and the classical novel that most adaptations are based on. I say this because if you do have that knowledge going into this then it may make this particular movie of the series a bit difficult to watch as their are more deviations from the source material than there were in the first movie.. . The animation is decent for the period, but is is not stellar by any accounts. The voice acting is done well enough and there are some likable character portrayals. ...
This show is not nearly as bad as it has been made out to be. The story is half decent and the power-system is actually well explained in comparison to other isekai. That being said; the show possesses lackluster characters who leave much to be desired. The protagonist Kazuto is very one dimensional and does not really possess a likeable persona. Additionally, Kazuto falls into the typical OP protagonist trap that many other isekai fall victim to. Additionally, there are many moments in the first season that I felt like would have been better left out to pad out the runtime of episodes. You would ...
I went into this series having no prior knowledge about it other than my younger brother (who watched this series with me) telling me it was based off a videogame. So this a review coming from someone who just jumped right into the series with no knowledge about the game. However, I think regardless of that, the other reviews on here for this series from people who HAVE played the game and are familiar with the storyline, but are also just as disappointed in this series, speak for themselves.. . The first episode was intriguing enough. I liked how it set up the setting for the ...
You shouldn't watch this unless you don't have anything else to watch and are desperate for something from this genre.. . I hated all the characters. The interesting aspects of the characters were left unexplored.. . The story was interesting. However, there's no real focus on the story. It's also one of those shows where people survive the most ridiculous events, when they clearly should have died. Then, later on someone will die from something far less lethal, not because it makes any sense but because the plot now demands it.. . To be clear, I don't know anything about the source material; and, there are good points about the show. ...
When I went into this show my expectations were pretty low, I saw a cute guy with black hair and another with a tan + white hair. Dude I'm in, how can this possibly go wrong!. . Well, they found a way.... . This show knows it's target audience. Cute guys being unusually close and physical, holding hands, close ups of their eyes and hair fluttering in the wind, kissing submissive women that kindda look like the other male lead, licking submissive women that kindda look like the other male lead????. . Anyway the show is aiming directly for the fujoshi's loincloth!. . Which is fine, if it stuck to a tone.. . I kept ...
I love romance, and I love comedy. Throw in some action and fun combat scenes, count me in.. . . But one area I just cannot get into is when the animation is so focused on Fan service and ecchi that is borders on the line of no plot and could have just been a hentai.. . This specific anime is once again with your OP MC that started out being concidered weak and dismissed from his party, to finding a super op anime girl that kicks ass for him, and loves him. Rinse and repeat for every episode.. . Some people love this genre, for me, they just dont make ...
As usual, a video game anime where the game is never balance... Hear me out, a level 1 can beat Level max that has grind for years in one hit. I think i have cleared everything for this review. Bye.. . Anyway, this anime is about a video game VRMMORPG which use the same nerve gear as SAO. Infinite Dendogram is a game with infinite possibilities, you can be anything, anyone. That's what they said. Hardwork and Talent are pointless, you can grind all you want, you can have great reflect or high intelligence, those are literally useless in this game because why? Because LUCK exist. Basically, ...
I don't usually drop animes or well, anything, and it is equally as difficult for me to rate anything under a four. I'm a very easily pleased person, so no matter how goofy an anime gets, if you make me laugh I'll most likely give you a decent rating. Not Sword Art Online, however. I first watched it in high school and was fresh into the anime scene, and watching it nearly made me quit anime altogether. I never made it passed the first episode which is something I've only ever done for SAO. Congratulations, you beat statistics. When friends of mine ask for anime ...
Stories touching on Lovecraftian mythos tend to vary between "okay" and "garbage" and C-Danchi ends up closer to the latter, but not without its bright points. If you're watching this for Cthulu terror or because it has Yoshitoni ABe's name on it, I'm sorry to say you're better off watching something else.. The plot is a very protracted mess of remote island and ancient cult mystery. It has some decent ideas, or at least borrows some them from other works in this sphere, but fails to deliver those well with appropriate set-up and pay off. Rather it wastes a sizeable chunk of its limited runtime with ...
not enough hamsuke screen time hamsuke is the greatest character in history and for them to just blatantly ignore hamsuke this season should be considered a crime against all of humanity ainz is a total pushover who gets peer pressured into conquering the world by a bunch of npcs who technically arent real like the shows literally called overlord he could really just be like lmao i dont really wanna do any of that im your boss lmao listen to me and they really cant do anything about it considering that they all pretty much worship him also best outro but worst opening ik thats ...
It feels like it was written by an 8th grader.. . The action scenes are campy and badly organized, the source of the main character's power is stupid, the main character is annoying... but worst of all, the plot treats you like an idiot.. . They treat obvious things like big reveals and I have to wonder what audience would have to watch it for it to be so.. . I tried really hard to watch it, I really did, but I'm done torturing myself, this show is a drop from episode 4.. . I recommend you don't watch this show unless you're a middle-schooler who doesn't know any better.
Unfortunately, the second season of shield hero is quite a bit worse than the previous installment. In comparison to the first series the plotline is more stagnant, and it feels like many sections of it are "just going through the motions" with the rest of the isekai genre. This is especially true for the first 6 or 7 episodes of the season. While the later episodes of the season are better, it hardly makes up for the poor start that the season had. I would only really consider watching this if you are really invested in the characters or if the upcoming third season ends ...
A very interesting premise that got my hopes up in the first few episodes, but unfortunately it's not developed and leads to nothing as you watch more. Explains why there were just 10 episodes - even that was probably hard to squeeze out of a "story" with no story. Even when we get moments with hints of possible development, like the risk of the ghost girl being recognized by a die-hard fan of hers, the authors chose to not shake things up. Disappointing.. . Well, I guess most people aren't in it so much for the story but for the music. Those will be happy with the ...
The show is about the same as the initial release of the cyberpunk 2077 game, over hyped with lots of garbage and some nice moments thrown in.. . . From about the point of the third or fourth episode I started to fell like I was waiting for the show to be over, all the way up to the last episode. I might've not finished watching it, but I decided to give it a fair shot and save my judgement till the end due to how many people told me how amazing it was. TO BE CLEAR, I really wanted to like the show, and I felt like ...
I don't like No game No life.. . Art: The anime doesn't look good. It still is my personal opinion, but the colors are too bright and it's pissing me off. Seriously, these anime make you regret digital animation.. . Sound: The opening is really good! Don't remember the ending and the ost did fit the anime.. . Characters: The two main characters are two gamers that are super smart and can't stand to be separated. Shiro is just a cute loli, and Sora is a perverted introvert guy. Shiro has a super good memory and to offset that, Sora is a strategic genius. Their relationshop doesn't get ...
i was initially excited, i've been interested in scooters lately and wanted to learn more and since there's an anime for everything i searched one for scooter/bikes and found this one.. . To keep it short my problems with the anime were:. . - everything is too white, pale, faded, dead: i dreaded every episode cause everything looks so dead and hurts my eyes on how white it's , that's pretty bad for an iyashikei anime that was supposed to be the genre about healing and bringing new meaning to life, there was barely any life in the visuals of this.. . - the girls are boring: they have no other ...
I gave Dr. Stone a 6 and this a 3, so you can probably deduce quite a bit from that. More so, my first take in Dr. Stone was how the first 5 episodes were incredible. You really could graph how I feel about this show in its entirety as a steady downward slope.. . I was disappointed by the ending of season 1. I came into this excited that Tsukasa would finally be relevant again: because the show was at its best when he was on screen... And that still didn't pan out. The writers just didn't know how to make him relevant again. Opting instead ...
The first 5 episodes were some of the best that I have ever seen in a shounen anime.. . Giving initial narrative control to someone who isn't the protagonist was intriguing. When Tsukasa was "the show" the show was among the best anime. It's always fun when a villain is principle based and not just anti-the-hero. It's even better that Tsukasa is actually right about how the downfall of society was property over people. And his willingness to achieve anarchs-primitivism by morally dark grey means makes him all the more compelling.. . How did the show go from good to bad? I'm not entirely certain. Said another way, ...
C Danchi is a stinky stew of Lovecraftian horror, on the nose social commentary, and CGDCT/SoL stylings, all of which combine to produce a whole lot of cringe-comedy, in both intentional and unintentional fashion. The main focus was obviously meant to be the Lovecraftian horror, but all of these other elements subtract from building tension and atmosphere, so the horror has no chance of being anything more than "so bad it's good" b-movie horror—but there's a thin line between that and "so bad it's bad.". . When it comes to attempts at evoking Lovecraft in visual mediums, there's usually the slow-burn horror intent on building atmosphere; ...
FOR A 12 EPISODES ANIME, STUDIO SHOULD'VE STOP FOCUSING ON TOO MANY CHARACTERS. THEY SHOULD'VE JUST FOCUSED MORE ON THE MAIN 3. they shove so many characters onto my face but i still don't remember most of their names. since they decided to focus on many characters, the anime feels rushed and we can't see the main 3's character development.. . Some episodes are painfully boring especially the beach episode. i usually like when they make an episode where the characters are chilling and interacting more with each others but this episode disappoints me. it was so boring i almost considered dropping. i noticed that they didn't ...
Yikes. What have we got here? A jumbled mess of excessive and unneeded gore, unfunny comedy, and completely not scary horror.. . The plot is…. ok so actually there isn’t a plot and there isn’t even a story, not even a premise. It is just a bunch of girls acting completely normal and goofing off during a zombie apocalypse. If there was more too the plot then I would write more but that is the entire plot so this is just going to be short.. . . The characters have out of the ordinary and nonsensical reactions. If you saw a zombie you would run away and hide right? Nope, ...
I know i’m gonna get hate for this but.. this is definitely the most overhyped anime of 2022. I mean 8.74, seriously? How did this heaping pile of trash surpass so many other good shows? I won’t go into that though since this is a review and not a rant so let’s continue.. . Plot: A spy who goes on a mission has to adopt a child and get married as part of the plan. And he can’t let them know it’s part of his mission. Predictable and lackluster. Just another anime where some grumpy fool adopts a little girl. Definitely haven’t seen other animes with ...
Well hello there, i think you already see me next door right? yes, why u are here? to tell you that this anime is perfect main character that never do anything wrong in his life and make everyone agree whatever he said even said go kill yourself. . So how about story? story about get banished from hero par...., BORING!, wait let me finish it, boring i know what it gonna be, so what gonna be, he is powerful right? yes, hero party is total evil right (cant say the word it begin with A end with E and 7 letter) right? yea how do you ...
Overall rating: 5, further review below.. . This season of Haikyu has a special place in my heart. Not only is it the first anime that made me fall asleep in the middle of the episode. Not only is it the first anime to do it twice, but this is even the first anime to make me do it 3 times, I'm even considering going for a nap as of writing this review, this is just how boring I find Haikyu to be.. . So, if I were to explain what is Haikyuu, the only thing I could answer is, Haikyuu is a sports anime, a volleyball anime in ...
Boring. I want my time back.. High school drama with romance seems like a shit-show combination for me, got to know more about myself.. I used to think I would never rate things below 5/10 but damn, good to know that there's these types of films and those who like them.. It has many flaws, and I personally think it isn't even worth writing a review for.. I don't remember seeing any ocean waves in the movie, I just watched it. So the title seems totally random.. Female lead likes male lead for no apparent reason, and rejects a fairly decent guy by making some stupid excuse about not liking ...
tl;dr formless and aimless, I fell asleep multiple times while getting through it. . I really wish I could've given this a better score than a 4. Cute character designs and an interesting premise are unfortunately not backed up by actual content. 24 episodes was perhaps a few too many for this amount of development and plot that honestly could've fit in a single 12 episode season or less.. . Kakkou no Inazuke was enjoyable and funny at times yet astoundingly boring and frustrating elsewhere. Perhaps it's part of the decline of the harem romcom in general; one can only watch the same trope a finite amount of times ...
For all the powerful and creatively disturbing iconography, the detailed art design, and the gratuitously over-the-top gore and violence displayed in some of the best quality animation you can expect from a 90's OVA, at the end of the day, Genocyber feels like a uninspired rehash of a lot of tropes and ideas previously and posthumously seen in other cyberpunk media.. . With a plot that is convoluted at best, and utterly nonsensical at worst (especially as it goes along each subsequent episode), a main character who barely has a semblance of a personality (let alone any clear arc or direction), and a flat cast that ...
OK. Listen. I absolutely love this series its actually hilarious. The MC is funny, hes unique, hes different from other common loser anime mc's. This guy is hilarious. HOWEVER, THAT IS IN THE MANGA. The manga is 10000000000000X BETTER THAN THIS GARBAGE. please take this from someone who has read the whole manga, it is so funny. I love it. Do not use this as your impression of it, because they jump around and skip over things. The anime is horrendous and puts this amazing series to shame. I genuinely believe this is an amazing piece of art and needs to be spread, but NOT ...
The animation is fine, the voice acting is fine. It looks and feels very Gundam-ish.. . Where is all falls apart is the plot and the characters.. . The characters are annoying and one-dimensional. Honestly, the best characters are the AIs, but the writer decided to make them glorified virtual secretaries for the teenage pilots, despite it being incredibly clear that the AIs are far more capable than humans.. . The main character is a whiny, crying idiot for most of the show. He's in the middle of a war, yet he doesn't actually want to fight or hurt anyone and cries constantly any time they take even ...
this anime has an interesting concept and it has potential but the plot and storytelling are messy as hell. i was confused most of the times. i wasn't sure about the anime's objective until episode 10. some episodes are not necessary. some characters are not necessary to be introduced, they should've just use the characters that was already introduced earlier for certain things (example: like that episode when they play the game).. . i'm not a fan of the art style. the 3 main characters that they focused on, uta, saku and sousuke are ugly, uninteresting and annoying. other characters are better than them in all aspects. ...
I was very hopeful when I started watching, but after I finished it, I didn't feel satisfied at all. I sensed the mood of Ghibli Studio's, Your Name and Evangelion, but it was not as successful as they were. The plot was good, if it had been handled better, it could have been a great anime movie. The setting and character drawings were beautiful. I didn't like their music at all, I don't even think there's any decent music in it. As a result, I think it is a waste of time and I do not recommend it to anyone.
Absolutely terrible. Not sure how anybody could handle anything above episode 1. I thought this might be actually a good show. But what was I thinking? As soon as the third girl came into play, I realized that all of these girls have absolutely no flaws and are the definition of mary sues, which I hate in anime. They're all annoying and brain dead. Even Sueharu.. . Also, it's good to mention that Sueharu is so dramatic it actually got irritating.. . STORY:. You aren't missing anything if you choose to skip this show. This is the exact same thing you see about fifty times. Guy gets all the ...
This overall is the worst anime series I've seen, and I've seen a lot of them. There are many things wrong with the series.. . Now looking onto all the problems with this show.. . First, the storyline: I'm not sure what the series' creators were going for, but they utterly failed. The story only got worse and worse as it progressed from episode to episode. The narrative lacked logic and purpose. I don't mind comedic shows as long as they are actually at least funny and have some sort of plot. The story was completely uninteresting, and the show's pace made it seem like nothing was happening also ...
Right from the opening scenes, it’s clear these characters are destined for a horror. They shall descend, not just down a literal abyss, but an emotional and psychological one as well. And so to- will the viewer.. . This reviewer fell in love with the original series about 3 years ago; its entire world: the bright light and sharp shadow, the wonderous scenery, the determined characters, the shocking violence and brutality. But most of all- the music. No soundtrack to any movie or tv show ever had such a strong effect and ultimately changed my listening habits forever, opening up the world of modern orchestral music. ...
It was a very bland show. Just barely watchable at most times. The jokes were always stale to the point of being bad. They relied too much on the shows premise in a bad way, it really isn't that interesting how everything unfolds.. . The show feels like a bad rip-off of sayounara zetsubou sensei, especially the main character, just with a more positive vibe, which didn't work out at all for it. There were times I wanted to give it an average rating (5) but then they remind me why I choose not to right after.. . The characters were average at best, most times it felt ...
Another reviewer said that they omitted the rape scenes from the anime, that was in the manga, however, there are still SA undertones and a general lack of consent and boundaries between the two leads. If they could remove the rape, they could've taken this out as well.. Had to drop it at the very first episode near the end of it because it was simply unbearable, the blond lead is intolerable. And the black-haired lead is easily manhandled and manipulated.. . Not worth your time, it's your average rape/SA-filled yaoi.. If you want to know how the rest of the show goes, read the other reviews, I suppose.
I have no idea how this is so highly rated.... . There should be way more comments about how seriously creepy Touko is. She is pushy, manipulative and jumps at any opportunity to push the boundaries regardless of how uncomfortable Yuu seems. Very quickly Yuu gives in and simply accepts her pushiness, even though she's clearly not interested and feels uncomfortable.. . The art itself is pretty damn good, and so is the music. It's a shame how utterly fucked it is by the terrible dialogue, character development, tropes and the sexual assault.. . This show is fucked up and is a terrible portrayal of WLW romance. I guess I'm on ...
This is not a spoiler review!!. You can also apply this review to the 2nd & 3rd season of this anime.. TL;DR at the bottom.. "Danmachi" or "Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka" is an Action adventure type of anime, while its not listed as an isekai it feels like you are watching on of the average repetitive isekai animes (The concept of guilds, adventurers, magic, etc) it can be considered a Harem too, since there's lots of girls surrounding the MC (for no reason) and lots of "fan service", let me first state the problems about it ...
I'm assuming this is The Great Rulers anime because the description literally describes world setting but the anime tell the story way too differently than what the manhua does so im entirely confused on what the hell going on because i literally read novel half way through and and still currently read the manhua since its not finished and the first episode starts somewhat like the manhua and novel but then somewhat separates itself because after he gets pushed out after violating a rule in the mirror of judgment it almost unrecognizable. . The animation and sound is decent but its skipped way to ...
I begin watching this show and i started to really like it! The characters are complicated with many different issues of thier own that they have to deal with on a daily biases. As the story progressed you really saw an attempt to grow each individual character and maybe become a better human from this experience.. . The most disappointing story i have watched so far was this anime... You find out that at the end of the show that the characters decides to not grow as a human and rather just stay exactly who they are and purposefully through out all the growth that they ...
It's been a while since I watched isekai trashed, so you can bet I was super excited to start this one. To clarify, I LOVE these kind of anime. I know a lot of folks hate them, but eh- they do me well. So how was Isekai Meikyuu de Harem wo? Honestly, it certainly is Isekai trash-level, but uhh...it didn't bring me the same joy as other isekai's.. . The premise is pretty much the same set up as other isekai's, so there's nothing special there. To me, this anime's biggest issue is the MC. To put it bluntly, he is a total creep. After he transports ...
THIS IS LARGERLY BASED OF COMPARISONS BETWEEN THE FIRST AND SECOND SEASON. . I'm just gonna be real here. When watching the first season, though it is average at least it went to a certain length you would expect an anime to at least have the audacity to go with only 3 minutes to work with. This isn't me trying to reason the FIRST SEASON being average. You may ask why I'm talking about the FIRST SEASON as being average and not reviewing the SECOND SEASON and that's because the SECOND SEASON is honestly atrocious (just tragic). There are examples of strange use of CGI (aka 1st ...
How not to do marketing.. . First of all, PSA: this series is a gun bunny blood opera - Black Lagoon, John Woo, Quentin Tarantino. Hot chicks in fetish getups dual-wielding pistols and murdering each other in campy over-the-top shootouts. The creators decided to completely hide this fact from all the promo materials, probably thinking it was clever. It’s not clever, it just makes the potential audience miss out on the show. I am the target audience of gun bunny shows, I had seen all trailers of this series before the season started, and I had decided to skip it because those had given me a completely ...
This is a story about Border agents and their fight with otherworldly invaders. aka Nighbours Invaders want Trion that are some sort of a spirit energy that reside within humans inside an invisible organ. This story kicks off with Osamu, a border agent's meeting the Neighbour Yuuma. Yuuma is attracted to Osamus kind heart and his selflessness and so the story begins. The plot was very interesting and compelling and Yuuma is a very well written character.. . And yet with such a good plot it is one of the poorly written stories you could ever come across. I have waited for a whole 50 ...
This anime is basically hentai with filler arcs. From the first episode, it was evident that the main goal of the main character and the anime itself was to have sex with many people. However, somehow, it takes him 3 whole episodes to even get to the first girl, and 10 to get to the second, despite all 6 of them showing up in a weird flash forward in episode 2. Pretty much this entire anime is isekai harem maker simulator but they also give you every thought that could possibly cross your mind while on said adventure while they are at it. This is ...
In my subjective opinion, Engage Kiss is not a very good show. It has some impressive animation, some of the time, although there is a tendency to lean in a little heavy on big light flashes that don't do a good job of communicating the tactile feel, the tangible nature, of a fight. But, I've just got to say. There's very little of substance stringing those fights together. Without revealing any plot details, near the end of the series, the anime threatens to maybe introduce some interesting ideas that might cause the characters to experience real conflict. Unfortunately, it has already wasted to much of ...
It isn’t easy to understand the objective of this story.. Harem in the Labyrinth of Another World is about a guy who enters a video game land, but instead of fighting against a terrible enemy, the story limits to show how this guy adapts to his new life. The problem is that this new life is everyday life, not an epic life.. . When I finished episode 5, I believed that the author was planning to the left the story unfinished to continue it in a second season.. . But that didn’t happen. The story finished without any significant unresolved issues. That’s not necessarily bad in a traditional tale. But ...
At first, the opening scenes seemed interesting, a story told narrative style about one typical-HS-president girl with a dark past; and how her life intersected with- the boy who is I suppose the MC- but from her perspective. The slow and plodding way it moved, the dark undertone, was a nice touch. But then in the kidnap scene this show’s hero-. I forgot his name, Edgeward McEdgelord probably, but just call him Kirito for short, drops in and takes on the thugs with: f—-ing crowbars. CROWBARS. And this wasn’t just a typical beat-up-the-baddies fight with some bloody noses and wounded pride- it was an all out ...
.::The premise::.. The set up is actually pretty neat. A world under the threat of some monsters called earless fought back by some famous dudes called players based on actual musicians fighting on their mechas which are actually their amps. Episode 1 starts with the Echo finding a mysterious girl (Myuu or µ) which is an unknown player and also she doesn't have any memory. Now Echo has to travel the world trying to know who she really else all while they meet up with other players.. . Sadly, it just doesn't deliver what you might expect as the music undertone is severely missing almost in every aspect.. . .::Characters::.. Echo ...
I am not a big fan of shoujo shows (or manga). Mostly because it is the most formulaic type of all media. But that doesn't mean when one title catches my interest (like this one) I don't give it a try.. . I liked the cast of characters. The personality and acting of the main female lead makes her more of a hit or miss (I had no issues with her); but the way she and her friends act together is really heartwarming. Their friendly interactions are likable and it seems they trust each other, since they are willing to talk about their issues to each other ...
Do It Yourself is one of the most disappointing anime of this season. When you see the animation, you meet striking designs, relaxing compositions, lively and naturalistic gestures, and lovely lightning. The anime visually invites you to comfiness. However, the anime doesn’t live up to its technical ability. Do It Yourself is just a set of gimmicks and themes attached to an unoriginal setup that leaves no amazement whatsoever. It is like a viral Tik Tok recipe. Yes, it looks good, but they didn’t care about delivering the flavor, and you ended up eating a bunch of parmesan cheese.. . The main shortcoming of the series is ...
Another isekai, before the famous isekai trend started. And I would say that this is the main culprit behind all the trashy isekai shows we have been getting for so many years. Maybe all bad isekai tropes can be tracked right here.. . Story progress is almost non-existent; it’s all about the main duo winning one game and moving to another one; some are interesting with a cool concept, some not. Winning of the main duo brings no impact since we know from the beginning they are going to win. They are super-genius after all. Every challenge is a piece of cake; zero impact.. . The main focus of ...
Did you want to watch Eizouken ni wa Te wo Dasu na! as a simulcast but missed your chance back in Winter 2020? Fear not, you can do it now, because the series is on air again for some reason, although under a new name Do It Yourself!! Other than the name, it's still mostly the same old show with the same old flaws (and the only new stuff is even more flaws):. . Pretentious future setting that doesn't add anything meaningful to the core premise of cute girls doing crafts, and exists only to make the show appear more creative than it actually is.. Pretentious "primary school ...
Even despite how Japanese-centered the comedy is, even if you can understand most of the jokes and gags, the fact of the matter is that Teppen !x15 is simply not that funny. It has funny moments, and the characters are slightly unique, but the jokes in this anime are not what you'd expect from "professional" comedians even though we're expected to believe they're the best of the best and the audience is supposedly laughing along with you as the story plays out. There were a few good gags and jokes, sure, of course there were, but any semi-decent slice of life has some comedy bits ...
Story 3/10 - It's just worldbuilding and nothing interesting happens for 5 episodes, because the world isn't interesting.. . Characters 0/10 - A bunch of teenagers that've been at war for what I gathered was an average of 3+ years amongst them. The problem is, they're the opposite of what you'd expect from teenagers who were forced into military servitude as expendable frontline soldiers. They show barely any signs of fatigue, anxiety, depression, anger, and so on, but when they do, they're way too level-headed about it. Why are they so chill and accepting of their situation? Whatever is going on in the world of 86 is ...
Dragon Ball Z Kai is an inferior version to Dragon Ball Z lacking what made it so great to begin with. The selling point over the original DBZ is that it is closer to the manga as Z has too much filler and suppose to have awful pacing. This has been all addressed in the a review of Dragon Ball Kai.. Dragon Ball Kai (2014) is adapting the Boo Saga which comes with two problems already. For many who liked Kai, the selling point was the lack of the Boo Saga adaptation as many wanted Dragon Ball to end with Cell's defeat. Now that the Boo ...
The idea is great and I was actually curious and entertained during the first episode. This has the potential to be a great romcom.. However, things happen way TOO fast and things get resolved off-screen, only being metioned through dialogues. I don't want a character to tell me how something happened. I want to SEE it happening.. . Because everything goes too fast I have NO idea how much time has passed from episode to episode. It is never clear.. While it is a good thing that there's always something happening, having such a rushed plot actually makes it really difficult to see any character development, and thus, care ...
The worst about it is that it does not deliver.. Most of the characters are nameless faces you see once and then forget forever. The "main cast" suffers from almost the same low resolution. Nearly all the plot motion happens by sickeningly repeatful "deus ex machina", and, as in my opinion "mystery horrors" should in some fashion, the anime never begins to even try to explain the "machina". You are just carried through the episodes with some sort of confusion, trying to, as, again, in my opinion, you should do while enjoying "mystery horror", come up with some initial theories about the reasoning of the ...
The first 80% of the movie is really bad imo. Very childish and many "musical"-like scenes, overall very cringe and not enjoyable for me. (My friends got dub ticket's on accident which made it even worse lol). Many plot essentials like Uta's motives aren't really made clear. Shanks action isn't enough, imo calling the Film "Red" is just a marketing scheme.. Then once the final battle starts I find that the music fits much better and you get the usual one piece hyped feeling. And if you don't want to be spoilered in the movie, you should either have read the manga or wait till the final ...
As the title suggests, “Riki-Oh 2” is the sequel to 1989’s “Riki-Oh.” This OVA explores the titular character’s past and his quest to find his twin brother from whom he was separated as a child. While “2” has its fair share of gory violence, it’s toned down compared to its predecessor, and the stilted scenes, animation errors and jumpy narrative do it no favors.. . Presumably, the events of this OVA take place after what happened in the first one, although it’s hard to tell. Riki-Oh is searching for his twin brother, Nachi, who has similar powers to his, except Nachi has a swastika on his hand, ...
I mean it's about NINJAs so of course, I gave this show at least 3 episodes to get the feel and vibe. And, it is a little disappointing, to say the least. The show and plot have the potential to be a good anime. I would even give the animation a solid pass (no cgi and doesn't distract you from the show) even though it doesn't compare to the top-budget animes. The trailer was what introduced me to the anime.. . The problems:. VERY GENERIC - no real interesting characters besides the Kousetsu who has a pretty sick design and a personality that matches the show. The ...
What in the devil's name happened here.... . The first season of Hataraku Maou was a pleasant surprise, utilising its premise of reverse isekai to effectively generate comedy from the "fish-out-of-water" situations its characters are being placed in. It was a breath of fresh air and genuinely entertaining to watch because of this.. . Then Season 2 finally arrives after a 9 year hiatus, and it turns out to be none of the above.. . Right off the bat, we are introduced to the baby daughter archetype who literally popped out of nowhere, and the two leads must now take care of her, the laziest way for an anime to force ...
*Spoilers ahead, but I still wanted my review to be seen, so I didn't check the box. Don't bother with worrying about spoilers for this show anyway. I implore you to read on.*. . Keitai Shoujo translates into 'Cell Phone Girl', but despite that name, the titular 'Cell Phone Girl' Rin is nowhere to be seen, save for a strange cameo at the very end, but let's not get ahead of ourselves here. Beginning with the story, it's certainly nothing to write home about. It is neither good nor bad, just incredibly basic, and beyond that, very sparse. The 6 minute episodes, which are really only 3 ...
The choice of story structure in A3! is bizarre. The time spent on the seasonal troupes is evenly divided, so you get six episodes with each of them. The show starts off with recruiting mostly theater newbies and watching them learn how to act. Then, six episodes later, the show throws them to the side to focus on finding five new guys, who you watch learn how to act, get tossed aside, and repeat. And repeat is the keyword. The whole show is just watching some bumbling idiots learn how to act four times in row. Most of the characters don't get enough screentime to ...
C Danchi, a horror anime.... . Exactly, it's suppost to be a horror, but absolutely nothing happens in the entire first episode, i don't necessarily expect it to go all splatter gore fest instantly, but i expect it to have some level of suspence. With characters that are flatter than a plank, there is nothing that even attempts to spark your curiousity and push foward the nonexistent story. . Though i did initially drop this after one episode... review guidelines say "minimum 3 eps.". So i did check out the next couple episodes to see if there was any sign of improvement. There is none, the next episodes are just as empty ...
Hey you, yea you! you want to see that new "isekai/fantasy plot" that are not boring right? how about farming? Nah its boring, I know its boring but hey how about he get overpowered by just doing farming, seriously? yea im serious his farming stat is 100 also his strength 100, Wow amazing farming time, farming time indeed. . Seriously real review here, first at all here, sorry to shoot down your expectation, it's not about farming, it's about that MC save the world with his overpowered abilities that he already born with. But title clearly said, "he gotten stronger when i improved my farming skill"? Sorry again, ...
Le Portrait de Petite Cossette is an ambitious attempt at high-minded horror which falls flat on its face. It is a bland, overwrought mess, and even at 3 episodes is a genuine waste of time. Beginning with the story, there is little to say in its favor, as it's broadly bad. Though, at the very least the concept upon which it is built is interesting. There's nothing wrong with the idea of haunted antiques attached to an 18th century murder, but the real problems come with how the show chooses to execute that idea. The 'twists', if you can call them that, can be seen ...
1. This wasn't needed after s1. It's stupid comedy masquerading as psychological genre.. 2. Kaiji is a fucking moron. He keeps making the same mistakes and expect us to feel pity for his sorry ass. Nobody is this retarded.. 3. The narrator is damn annoying. Not only does he take the audience for fools but also spoil some scenes before they even happen.. 4. There's no character you want to root for except for Miyoshi.. 5. After dragging it on for what seems like an eternity, the show ends abruptly and leaves us hanging without a proper ending.. . If you want to feel frustrated and annoyed, go watch this. ...
Kind of a miss on every front. The initial design is almost there but lacks a uniqueness. Then moving on from there the story back story characters fight scene magic system are all card board cookie cutter paper thin trying to be an interesting product for the start of the big 3 era. Thankfully other series have moved on greatly from that time and I hope this studio catches up as well because with a bit of risk and the lessons of its influences this could've been a great show. The alter ego made iconic by jojo its here with a blandness I never could've ...
I really liked Made in Abyss season one (I gave the first season 9 out of 10). It was a breath of fresh air. While other shows focused on battles, Made in Abyss focused on survival and discovery. Other shows had characters who were too strong to lose while Riko and Reg were constantly overwhelmed. Then season two came along. In theory, I don’t mind that the show changed, I just don’t like what it changed into. Most of the action and survival elements are gone, replaced with long, boring exposition. Lore can be interesting but it shouldn't be the focus on a show. The ...
How dare the creators of this show forget about best girl Sheska?. . At it's core, Fullmidal Alchemist: Brotherhood is a bog-standard Shonen anime. Like most Shonen, this show makes it hard to care about anyone with a bloated, uninteresting cast (aside from a few great characters) it doesn't bother fleshing out. In equivalent exchange for sticking more closely to the manga, Brotherhood sacrificed almost every character having a bigger role and more development that was present in the 2003 show. For example, Lust is turned from a homunculus pondering her own mortality and desiring to be human by any means necessary even if it meant going ...
it's overcomplicated at the point that you question the fact that the author knew where it is going.. the story is not clear at all nonethlesss i hope you wiill enjoy the show guys !. MINI SPOILER WHICH IS NOT REALLY ONE : NISHINOSONO MOE IS A SPOIL KID TO STAY POLITICALY CORRECT : ). . it's overcomplicated at the point that you question the fact that the author knew where it is going.. the story is not clear at all nonethlesss i hope you wiill enjoy the show guys !. MINI SPOILER WHICH IS NOT REALLY ONE : NISHINOSONO MOE IS A SPOIL KID TO ...
I will be really fast reviewing this anime. IT'S BORING AS HELL. This 12 episode anime feels like a 200 ep long-running shounen anime that doesn't know how to build climax. However, this show is not an action shounen, it's a romance anime, so it's less action-packed and the entertainment highly relies on the quality of the plot and the characters. However, the characters all feel like they have NO personality, except Rui and the american transfer student. The characters get poorly developped throught the anime or just a little bit. And the show really fails at portraying adultery, and just feels like they're forcing ...
This anime is not good its boring and terribly paced the characters are all one dimensional and for some reason the author thought that having 2 MC's was a good idea, leaving you with 2 characters that you feel no connection to as instead of fleshing out 1 MC you have 2 half baked boring characters.. Anyone who says that they enjoyed watching this anime is a liar, the world is cool and the magic system is interesting but that's it there is nothing else good to say about this anime. I got so bored of watching this anime I decided to watch it at 2x ...
Reviewing a series from 2007 in 2022 because why not.. . As a fellow dark fantasy fan, I'm very disappointed, especially that there are barely any anime of this genre, we have SNK or Berserk...or Berserk... Maybe also Berserk!. . Claymore is like the Witcher 3, but without the lore or its' charisma, actually only with the bounties part, or Dark Souls, but without any memorance for world design and boss fights. It's a very cheap, poorly designed souls-like with barely any story at all.. . Plot:. I hate describing series as "boring", but Claymore really has barely anything interesting to hold on. Side-plots lack any meaning or bright points, they ...
Bubble is a movie that I was really excited about. It seemed exciting and really pretty. Check those off. The problem? It really didn't have a ton going for its actual story.. . Story: Bubble tells the story of a strange phenomena, where a large bubble explodes in the middle of Tokyo. After the explosion, the entirety of Tokyo is encased in a gigantic bubble. This follows by smaller bubbles falling like rain into the streets until they eventually pop, flooding all of Tokyo. Since the bubbles slowly flood the city, its citizens abandon it and declare it an illegal ...
The English dub of Ghost Stories is what you get when you boil the concept of comedy down to the lowest possible denominator. Remember that celebrity? Remember that thing that was popular in the early 2000s? Remember this? Remember that? If you have seen the individual clips on YouTube already, you have seen the best Ghost Stories has to offer. Otherwise, you will suffer with 20+ minutes of a very basic, juvenile story (which, to be fair, is equal in crappiness to the original Japanese version), and painful attempts at "comedy" such as the 4Kids reject voice actors reminding you that celebrities exist or that ...
I don't know how this anime has a high rating.. . It's painful to watch, very bad CGI mixed with ugly animation which also seems to be made in a computer.. . The plot is also not interesting.. . I recently discovered Macross and binge watched all there is available.. . The only good ones are from the 80s and 90s. Animation is beautiful and the story is also super nice.. . ...
I'm not even kidding, I need someone to please explain to me why this show is so good. I will admit, when I first saw the poster and premise, it looked unique and promising. Everyone would keep talking non-stop about how good it was, and I kept seeing all the high scores. I finally watch it, and just kept thinking "It's going to get better now, right?" And just manages to be boring garbage every episode.. . This is a comedy anime, but after the first two episodes of introduction, all the jokes become way too predictable. Literally every joke is:. Dad/Mom/Anya do something crazy. People act shocked. Sometimes people ...
An extreme generic anime, without innovations, with the old tale of the bored demon king, who in this case reincarnates, but with the same powers without any sense of difficulty, surrounded by pretty girls and trying to contain himself, a plot you've surely seen a thousand times and can choose a better one than this one to mention, any protagonist is more interesting than ARD METEOR like Yuusha Yamamasu's LEO. The Animation is beautiful, but lately it's hard for a studio not to bring quality when adapting some work, the voices are also well posted and match the figures.. The plot, on the other hand, is monotonous, ...
As someone that has selective mutism I was excited for an anime to spread awareness. Nope. Extremely disappointed in the way komi is treated and the way they deal with everything, basically making it into an entire joke oof. I have never written a review before but I found this anime so personally offensive I had to.. . I hoped there would be personal development. Perhaps showing her struggles not in a comedic way, but the harsh reality of not being able to speak! Could you live your day to day life not speaking? You'd probably get fired from your job, your teachers would think you are ...
This is either a really bad adaptation or there two authors, the first one being an absolute mastermind and the second one being horrendous writer. Personally, revenge stories will always intrigue me. That's the reason why i started the series in the first place. I searched for above decent series with revenge as plot and finally came across Machine-Doll wa Kizutsukanai. Reviews were good, VAs were known. This one though has been such a waste of time. I feel like my time, expectations were robbed by reviews.... . And last of all, if you aren't fond of girls screaming "RAIIISHIIINN" in a high pitched voice ...
This mini anime is majorly just the three girls recapping each episode of the series in one minute each. The animation is very stiff and there are many better mini-type animes out there rather than this. I thought this was just very unnecessary and even boring despite how short of time each episode was. The only reason you would probably watch this is if you are a die-hard fan of the original series or are a completionist like me. The voice acting was the best part of this mini anime, like the regular show. Overall 3/10 and thats being slightly generous.
If Blood-C was a show you liked and you want to get just any more information out of it, then this mini anime will be to your liking. It isn't anything amazing but I found it slightly cute and it served its purpose of being a buildup to the sequel movie. Again, it is just padding for fans of the series, it can be skipped entirely. This mini anime features the twins as the characters reading out the information all the way through. The information presented is mostly recapped material from the series and is only served as a refresher for casual watchers that may ...
The first few episodes have a few funny moments, but the show is too one-note to justify even 10 episodes. There's basically one joke, which is that the main character is innocent but all the girls around him warp everything he says into something horny. Pervy humor is fine as long as there's some variety and the characters are interesting, but there's no story whatsoever and none of the characters have any depth. The jokes are always the single most predictable punchline possible and good comedy is all about surprise. Visually it's not great either, none of the character designs really stick out outside the ...
Fans may tell you that Higurashi When They Cry is an "emotional rollercoaster". It's more like a drive-thru. And you've ordered a nothing burger.. . Touted by internet typewriter monkeys as "the best horror anime," Higurashi When They Cry apparently proves that there is no good horror anime. Or, at least, there wasn't any in 2006. Anime fans of the time were so starved for a decent scare that you'd think a white bedsheet with cut-out eye-holes would have done the trick, so Higurashi When They Cry certainly must have blown a handful of otaku minds clean open when it first aired. But the year is ...
I'm just not sure who this show is for. We get a cute moe girl and a hitman dude who becomes more responsible. You'd think it's a setup for a comedy but instead, we get this slow slice of life where the girl is somewhat isolated and the dude is still plenty violent. If anything it does subvert my expectation but in a bad way. The story simply just doesn't get into gear and leaves me bored. The bane of anime, flashbacks, are ever so present to give a back story to each character which is annoying in itself. The art and voice acting are ...
Ok. I'm truly disappointed with this adaptation. I love this manga so much and unfortunately the anime does not do the justice to it. My first main complaint is definitely a pacing. It is painfully rushed and even though I know this story very well, I was kind of confused during the first episode especially. I have a theory, that the studio chose to present us this plot race to let the love interestes make an appear sooner, to keep the viewers to the next episode. It costs us just a sensible storytelling, not a big deal, right? But going on, the another thing that ...
Evangelion: 3.0+1.0, an unearned, incoherent, and unexplained mess.. . As a pretext, I thought the first two rebuild movies were great. Super amped up animation, great song selections, and a much needed improvement on some of the flaws of the original series. One in particular I loved is how they made the three main characters more enjoyable. Asuka was less of a total psycho, Shinji wasnt just crying all the time, and Rei was becoming human. It truly felt like Anno was taking the criticisms found on the original series and improving on them to make the story a lot more solid for the Rebuild movies. ...
Overall, lackluster. I was interested to see if they could capture and maintain the same energy from season 1… they did not. Each episode it became more and more apparent that the series was traveling down the pipeline of a stereotypical isekai. On one hand without the revenge-arc driving the plot, there wasn’t much more growth for the series. On the other hand, there didn’t seem to be a device the writer could use to renew those same feelings without feeling tacky or overdone.. . Not quite the degree of fall-off that the Promised Neverland had, but still markedly disappointing. The visuals fell short, which is always ...
This was just meant to be a quick OVA to throw on in the background, as I knew it was supposed to eschew dialogue—not quite. A-Girl utilizes title cards in the same way a silent film would, but it has much quicker pacing and often a more natural usage of the device—especially used to great effect during the walking sequence without cuts, where the characters have text near their heads.. . If silent films tended to use the device so quickly and naturally, they would have aged better. The direction is solid and some of the chosen imagery and editing borders on the experimental—or perhaps you ...
The soundtrack for .hack//sign is one of Yuki Kajiura's early works, and it is absolutely amazing. When it came out, it was unlike almost anything else. (Noir is another early work by YK, and also very good). You should absolutely buy the soundtrack. Don't bother watching the anime.. . The music is especially noticeable, because there is almost nothing else that will grab your attention on screen. The background art is decent, but most of the animation simply reuses the same sets over, and over, and over again. The first few episodes make you think that the anime is going to ...
When I was first recommended ORIENT by a close friend, I thought it would be a breath of fresh air in the shounen genre. So, even though I wasn’t seeing a lot of hype being built up around it, I decided to give it a try. Unfortunately, this anime fell flat, and other reviews of it seem to agree. The first several episodes of the series feel like they are following a formulaic approach to shounen anime. Boy + Sword + Demon = Good Anime. And while there are several amazing anime featuring a boy with a sword going toe to toe with demons, this ...
Story(4/10) - Being similar to other sci-fi stories is not a negative aspect, but being a boring clone is. It brings basically nothing new to the table, it's just your typical action-fest of smacking enemies, just a generic sci-fi show with way more ecchi scenes than it needs, it's another fan service show.. . Art(5/10) - One word, "unexceptional". It doesn't have the spark or anything remotely visually engaging, but it's not atrocious. Nothing special, the animal can be described as "meh", the character designs are overall pretty good, but it's not raising the bar higher enough to go over the average mark.. . Sound(8/10) - I always forget ...
Ridiculously overrated it’s nothing more than a bad version of bleach mixed with naruto in a highschool and city location. The only good things are the animation and opening 1 the story is less than mediocre along with the character’s and setting. please just avoid it and it’s unwarranted hype just watch Naruto and bleach you get more content more enjoyment and much better characters. If you want something unique that will hold your attention this isn’t the place to find it. If you’re specifically looking for a new gen dark shonen then watch or read chainsaw man it’s much better
After watching the series from the beginning to the fourth season I can confirm this show is so poor in all aspects and have no hope of being better in the future.. . Don't get me wrong the show idea is great but the execution is Horrible 50% of the show does not make any sense some scenes got cut and they do not explain what happened in those scenes, animation is kid channel level, voice acting is awful you will notice there are no emotions nor excitement, the power system is a mess there is no logic especially season wise :), monsters levels are random if ...
Hiroshi Harada's Shoujo Tsubaki is an incredibly faithful adaptation to Suehiro Maruo's manga, which itself is based on a popular kamishibai (paper play) story. However, this faithfulness to the source material is sadly for the worse. The movie, like the manga, occasionally detours into extravagantly surreal and grotesque visuals. Don't get me wrong, I often enjoy it when creators show off their visual prowesses, especially when such moments are able to build upon the themes and happenings of their story. However, with a couple of notable exceptions, these moments in Shoujo Tusbaki seem to be only for shock value, which turns the plot into a ...
First I want to clarify that English is not my native language, so I'm sorry for my bad English.. About this anime I can only say that it is the real representation of the world today, a very superficial and empty world where what matters is instant pleasure, easy dopamine, everything is for sale, everything is made to make money above all. A world where how you look and how people see you is more important than who you really are.. . Everything in this anime is empty and superficial, we are attracted by the look of certain characters, the typical waifu girl, the loli and etc... but ...
Engage Kiss. The title is so uninteresting that everyone has watched this anime and hoped that this was finally a good hentai. But instead, they had watched a total uninovative, so predictable garbage. The overall quality of this anime is so shitty that even my grandmom could think of a better story and title.. The whole story is situatte on a small island with our main character being a total douchebag. Somehow he is clearing the city of all demons with his demon servant, with whom he has a contract that he has to give him *redacted*. It could be summarized as: Get to know a ...
I won't spoiler anything:. This anime got hyped beyond the clouds, i've never get so confused so many times by watching an anime. Literally if someone says "cringe" i thinking about this.. It's simply bad, the story is boring, those who have never watched an anime an wants to start with this or if you are 10-14 years old here you go, just watch it, it's for you. I just changed the score i gave to it from 4 to 2/10 probably i gave it 4 because i've never gave an anime worse than a 6... yes, in my opinion it's that bad.. I remember i felt asleep ...
I am straight away saying it that I don't like Boruto bcz it is just super bad, like no one needed this show but still got it.. . MIGHT GET SPOILERS BUT THEY ARE USELESS BCZ THIS SHOW IS PREDICTEABLE AND BORING. . Here's a couple reasons why it is sh*t:. . The protagonist: Boruto Uzumaki himself, the new protagonist, is not even likeable and is just a brat. He hates his dad(Naruto) because he didn't come home.. . And after recently graduating the academy he:. . ...
What could've been an extreamly interesting story was reduced to 50 minutes of utter crap. . You have incredible powers, unexplored tech, and a dynamic between two sides so tense it could snap in an instant, all of which could've been used to create an immersive world ready to suck you in with no way you would want out, but instead none of it is explained or connected in the slightest, leaving the audience on the sideline baffled as to what on earth is going on. . The characters just make the nonsensical nonexistent plot that much worse. Every character that appears is eaither extreamly flat or annoying AF. The award ...
Didn't put me to sleep at all. 😔. This girl needs to go to an asylum with all of the ghosts she's been seeing, as shown in the fridge seen. Why does she see them? A sequel is needed to explain this??? Very curious?. . Does she do this every night? I need answers! Are we a ghost? Sleep paralysis demon?. . Groundhog day ending? How? Does she escape? Do we escape? Should we escape?? Why???. . . . Very disappointing... 😔. ...
Since it was written by a woman, it wasn't seen as sleazy.. . Let me tell you, I don't care. It might not have played out like some incel fantasy, but this is clearly someone's kink of wanting to be the perfect young wife of some depressed man. The saviour girl complex has always been a staple of shitty wattpad writing, where the girl 'fixes' the bad boy. Throw that lens away, and you get rapey stalkers like Twilight, or just dumbass CEO x Employees. It's cringe. But since it did not have a shit production that most would usually have, and have the air of ...
Terrible writing and generic bland-ass characters. When the main character opens their mouth and spouts out some common knowledge you learn in education when you're in elementary school, and the everyone marvels at him like he actually said something insightful, you know some dumb writing and self-jerking was put in here.. . Main character has some shit tastes by the way, who actually likes Familiar of Zero? Literally the only thing about Louis people would like would be the fact that she's a loli? Clearly the author reeks of teenage boy fantasy tastes and have yet to grow past thirteen. The fact that they are in ...
Alternative Title: I swear that I'm not attracted to children. Yeah, the child was attracted to me, that was the only reason why I fucked it.. . Author is definitely into that shit, but really tries to go the route of denial with the main character. If you really aren't into that shit, maybe, I don't know, quit peeping and preying on the girl through third person point of view?. . Maybe I'm being too harsh here, clearly the anime industry itself with the directors and producers have a hand here. It could be just them making taking the tasteless drivel route.. . There's literally no point in this ...
If you ever want to make a good hypno oriented hentai, I'd recommend making some ideas first, and then checking the internet to validate your ideas. If you just so happen to come across this hentai, watch it, study it thoroughly, so that when you make your saimin hentai you can make sure that you do absolutely none of the things this hentai does.. . There were many reasons for this show being absolutely horrendous:. 1. the main character is cringe and creepy. - I get that hentai protagonists are supposed to act this way, but the main character does not even look like he belongs in the same ...
With this being the third anime installment in the Love Live! saga (not including Nijigasaki which is a separate entity), Superstar!! had a lot of pressure among the larger LL community to live up to expectations that would recreate a familiar formula while also providing something new to entice the fans.. . Unfortunately, it has failed at this goal, and nothing short of a miracle can salvage this anime series.. . . While there's much that can be said about Superstar!! in regards to its plot, like retaining a common structure comparable to School Idol Project and Sunshine!!, it manages to do incomprehensibly worse than its predecessors at telling a ...
People like it for the emotional appeal of a new orphan and lots of nude scenes.. Nothing is more poorly written than Cyberpunk. Characters with non-real speeches. Paranormal motivations. Conveniences made to feed the surreal of a forced story.. Character with superhuman strength. Forced.. . We cannot begin to regard such an aberration as a work of art. This will be a snowball for animation producers to do anything. If you do not have.. This anime makes no sense! The abuse of the character who is too strong, too loved and without much purpose.. People will learn that writing a story with a surreal protagonist like this is as easy as ...
This is yet another profession based isekai anime. If it wasn't clear by the title, it's about Pharmacology. The colorful style and smiling characters means it's also one of the mindless shows designed for children, devoid of any real suspense, plot, conflict, or grander design. If it wasn't for the stellar animation and some flashy spells, it would be ridiculously boring, all of which are wasted on a highly uneventful show. There is a random villain they throw in at the end so they can tick off that box, and he is immediately eliminated after a few lines. Otherwise, it's just smooth, perfect sailing for ...
This OVA is an epilogue set one year after the end of the Vifam TV series. Without spoiling anything, it undoes several major plot points and gives closure to the more bittersweet and memorable moments of the television show. It also has a very dramatic tone that fits more in the world of Gundam or Macross than the naturalistic world of Vifam. If you enjoyed the Vifam series you will probably not enjoy this OVA, as it has almost nothing about what made that series special.. . Despite the writing problems it is decently executed. There are a lot of good character moments between the cast members. ...
“Welcome to our world!” The five girls’ first performance of this season was a warm welcome not just to the aspiring members of Liella, but also to the audience for returning to witness a new chapter. And I mean, who could resist? Superstar season one is perhaps one of if not the best idol show out currently out there. So, how did second season fare?. . Well, not great. Introducing new characters this late into the series naturally comes with some compromises, and this season of Superstar had the wrong priorities.. . Now, I don’t mean that Kinako, Mei, Shiki, or Natsumi are bad characters, they are decent. They ...
I've been into Love Live for years. At first, Liella didn't really catch my eye when they were introduced as a new project, but the enjoyable 1st season of the anime coupled with the casts' amazing live performances in their 1st live tour made me fall in love. The chemistry within the group (the seiyuus) is definitely special, and the second years have been a delightful addition to the group. I hope I'm able to win tickets to a performance in 3rd 🥺🥺🥺.. . Unfortunately, I don't feel the same passion as I do for the seiyuus as I do for the anime. To put it simply; ...
She slices, she dices and she annoys the f out of ISIS. I curse those Redditors who kept saying it gets better. This show belongs at the bottom of a volcano. In traditional anime fashion, a girl likes the most pussy useless dude you could conceive. The End. Yes, that is the whole show. Is Shikimon an athlete? Yes, like that was something new in anime. You get the vacation trip to a beach/river, girls in bikinis, a school festival, etc. If you pick any Romcom slice of life, the most generic repeated scenes constitutes the entirety this show. The art was nothing special.. . Who really ...
This show is a horrible version of the already shitty "Shikimori's Not just a cutie" where Vermeil is a more fan-service succubus version of Shikimon. The MC who I refuse to name is just as weak and annoying as the dude from Shikimon AND yet somehow made to be a mega-powerful mage. The plot....what plot? It's as sub-par of generic as you can get. The contrived sequence of events is so bloody forced it defies meaning. The sacrifices made are equally pointless. I just don't know who this is for.. Kids: NO!. Teens: No!. Adults who don't know how to use google for free pornography and are clinically ...
I recommend the series to anyone that hates themselves. It's so bad that you will overcome any hateful feelings you harbor towards yourself and channel all your hate towards this anime.. . I will be brief:. . - Rushed season, too much content for 26 eps. - Nothing makes sense. - Everyone is a bad guy till they are our best friend. - Trash characters take up a lot of screen time. When i say trash characters that certainly includes the protagonist.. - I give the series minus 3 out of 10 and accelerator as a character a solid 7/10, so let's agree on 4/10. . Holy guacamole I lost so many hours ...
This review can be summed up by “Redo of Healer, but replace revenge porn with NTR, or remove the revenge from the rape and make it gender-swapped.” This is 12 half episodes of Peter Grill being seduced by girls of other races that are not the girl he is engaged to, and trying to avoid having sex with them (and failing). Not only is it all about NTR, but there is no plot outside of it, and all the characters are defined by who they want to have sex with (except his fiance, who is also unaware of sex). On top of that, the animation ...
This anime was so bad that after we finished I sat down and had a blank mind for like an hour straight. There is legitimately nothing good with this show. I could not only summarize but completely explain everything you need to know about the plot and the characters in 2 sentences, and that isn’t even worth the time to do. On top of that, the humor is the most mind-numbing humor of all time, consisting of almost solely sex joke gags that come one after another. It was quickly evident that this came from a 4-koma manga as almost every gag was 4 neat ...
About halfway through watching this anime, I spent about 30 minutes on a run trying to think of a single thing I thought was good about this anime, and I couldn’t think of one. Now that I am done, I have to force myself if I want to say something good about it. If you want to see lots of forced and unnecessary sex and people getting punished in the worse imaginable way possible, I guess this is for you. Otherwise, this is probably the worst thing you have seen. About 50% of the scenes made me extremely uncomfortable and the rest were just, well, ...
I had assumed that I was watching the original 1992 version instead. However, that was no the case when I realised the series I was watching had 4 episodes. Upon reading the reviews of the 1992 version of Ai No Kusabi, I was quite intrigued with the prospects of a raw and very dark romance with strong themes. However what I received with the 2012 version was just confusion. I had no idea what was happening at all times of the show. I have ADHD and found it really hard to focus as the scenes and the moods kept changing so rapidly. AT most, I ...
English.. This is a recap of the original series from episode 1 to 26.. Only with better animation and the truth can confuse you if you haven't seen the series before.. From my point of view you have to necessarily watch the original series to see this recap.. There is nothing special about it (besides the supposed new ending that is really not worth it) the truth is not worth seeing, only in case you no longer remember anything that happened in the series (even so it is worth worth more to see a summary of the series on the other hand).. . Español.. Esto es una recapitulación de la serie original ...
Girl meets boy. Boy happens to be a vampire. Boy drags girl into his world of the night. Girl is unsure if she should fall in love with said boy. Other boys that are vampires appear and disapprove of said relationship. Boy must prove that he wants to pursue girl despite the taboos of his world. Now gender-flip it and you have Yofukashi no Uta.. . While watching Yofukashi no Uta, I had initially thought up a review regarding the current state of wish-fulfillment anime, of shows that encourage the drop-outs of society to continue their lives in the solitude of ...
Ok, firstly i´m going to say that these have been the worst 4 hours of my life. We´re starting review now after saying this.. This main character called Kazuya Kinoshita only knows jerking off with photos of rental girlfriends and with her friends too.. This anime is sickly, and i don´t really know how can exist people do like this.. Now i´m going to talk about story, art etc. Story 2/10: This story is so simple and is bad like the shit, firstly the mc its so fucking sick, wtf is he doing with her life spending 50.000 YEN (353 EUR) to having one day with a rental girlfriend. ...
Like a lot of other people watching this, I saw the main series as a kid, and decided to watch this for lulz. This show compared to its predecessors is lacking in every way. The tennis matches all start with one opponent leading 5-0, then a comeback starts etc. Moreover, they really bombard you with too many characters you begin to not really care about anybody. This show stopped having anything to do with tennis a long time ago, but even if you're trying to see that DBZ-styled tennis you're going to be disappointed, the matches were pretty low energy and anti-climactic besides Akutsu's. OST ...
tl;dr interesting isekai intro quickly becomes another harem collector. . I'll keep this one short. As the second summoner isekai this season Kuro no Shoukanshi is also a steaming pile of doodoo but for the complete opposite reasons as Tensei Kenja.. . Black Summoner starts out with a hot intro for sure, like Konosuba but where the goddess is actually useful. Hot off the blocks but then it trips up somewhere around the elf girl or if not there then definitely at the demon girl. After that it just becomes harem collection and the quality falls off a cliff.. . To be honest I enjoyed the first part of the show ...
I was really hoping the ending would live up to more than it did. I wanted so bad to be proven wrong about how generic this show felt. Honestly, if watching the ending alone has about the same impact as watching all 25 episodes, maybe the plot isn't quite as tight as it needs to be to pull off a time loop story. Personally I wasn't a fan of how the story was handled from very early on; the chain of events felt hollow and convenient, and the characterization is about as one-dimensional as it gets. But even despite that, I thought that a really ...
tl;dr: A mess of an anime that simply doesn’t work.. . This anime is a set of twelve half length episodes that start off barely decent and only get worse as they go on. The premise is that because Peter Grill is the strongest man on Earth, a bunch of women want his genes for their kids and are thus trying to seduce him. However, Peter Grill is already in love with and engaged to a girl named Luvelia so he does his best to resist them. That in itself is kind of dumb, but if it’s a perfectly fine premise for dumb comedy. The problem arises ...
I watched this series years ago, but I decided to write a review now because I recently read the novel. I already thought the anime was terrible, but reading the novel made me realize that the anime is even worse than I originally thought.. . Animation:. The animation is pretty much the only truly good thing about Another. It's detailed and the style fits the overall tone of the series. It still holds up a decade later.. . Sound:. The background music is ok, but not terribly memorable. The opening and ending themes are decent.. I watched the English dub version. Most of the voice acting was decent, but the protagonist, ...
[SPOILER FREE]. . First, if you watch this show and had no ideia what is going on, don't worry, everybody is in the same boat, but some people refuse to recognize their ignorance.. . Second, this show had so much potential, i can't even express in words how great this show could have been.. . Third, Sonny Boy reminds me of an experiment. Some guy made a fake restaurant reviews in a website, they put reviews of people say only good things about the food, the place, etc. Then, he open this fake restaurant with basic itens, like plastic chairs and tables. The restaurant looks real simple, and the food ...
I had high hopes for this anime. I loved the original Aoki Densetsu Shoot and I was hoping for similar vibes from this one. Long story short, this anime is visually ok, though it seems cheap and the football matches scenes are a far cry to the original's. Also, the core of the plot is classic (turning a losing team into a winning team) but in terms of pace, storyline and characters this anime completely sucks.. . It's obvious that whoever created and produced this anime had not seen the original. Even the way they are trying to address friendship as the source of football joy ...
The real question to be asked here is, why does this anime exist? if you can even call it an anime. Is there any plot? no. Is there anything educational about ASMR itself? no. Is the quality of the ASMR itself and the audio itself good considering its the theme of this so-called anime? for the most part no.. . 180 Byou de Kimi no Mimi wo Shiawase ni Dekiru ka is a very simplistic series consisting of 3-minute-long episodes where they do different flavors of ASMR. The only mystery to be solved here is how on earth such a series attracted such a roster of ...
Ah yes, the mecha genre. That glorious form of entertainment in which giant robots fight each other, popularized by stories like Gundam, Power Rangers and Transformers. Knight's & Magic (weird title, I know) enters the arena to earn its place in such a respected genre. So, is it good? Well, let's hop on and find out, shall we?. . Story. This is where things start to go wrong for Knight's & Magic. There is no actual story. The only thing that even remotely passes for a story is the main character Ernie's interest in robots and he wants to construct as many robots as he can... because he ...
Well first of all: this is technically not an isekai till episode 10. Yes, someone gets reborn at the start but not in a different world. Anyways, this anime does have a lot in common with the isekai genre and thats a shame, but in the end it happens to be one itself. Let's see.... . It starts quite funny with a few good jokes, in my opinion. Our overpowered main, the demon lord who was praised as a god in his life before, gets reincarnated as a "nobody". Aaaaand he struggles to make friends xD. Thats almost the exact title and it's incorrect. His family is already ...
- Story: A Slayers ripoff with unique names and characters, and rape instead of plot.. - Art style is great at backgrounds and comedy but a could use shading on the private parts.. - Characters were generic D&D tropes, with random power scaling for the little plot it has.. - Characters were a little too horny, cruel, and lighthearted.. - If you enjoy The Slayers but wish it had magical girls getting raped instead of having epic adventures, this might be enjoyable for you.. . Overall it was too rapey for me, but at least it didn't have too much blood like ep 1, which is ep 2 on the dubbed ...
Honestly, don't read this review thinking I've given this show 9 overall for the plot, the characters, the soundtracks etc.. . No, the only reason I've given this 9 is because of the setting and the ambience display. This one thing pulled the whole show into 9 stars for me. It was so well done by Trigger. Other than that, the show pretty much lacked everything. Plot was OK, characters were hollywood and flatboard personality (special mention goes to David and Lucy), the soundtracks were good but their placement didn't really go well with the show.. . Some good moments I could think of were the Maine's episode (Episode ...
Since this season got 8/10, I felt like I'd give Overlord a go since I stopped watching season 1 due to nonsensical plot.. I was wrong. There is no redeeming value, simply the people who continued to watch season 4 are the people who enjoyed the first 3 seasons, so of course they would rate it high.. . Towards the end of season 4, I was really rooting for the antagonist to kill Ainz. Ainz is singlehandledly the most boring MC I ever had the mispleasure of watching, and the pain continued for 4 whole seasons. This is a power fantasy for people who enjoy beating single ...
Now before you say anything the show itself was stunning, the animation, the drawing it was beautiful. But when we are talking about the story it's just bad. The story is very confusing and it's missing something it just feels incomplete. While the story is very original but it could be much better if it had more explanation or a longer movie. The ending really felt incomplete and empty, most of the story is just useless to the ending. I think the way the story was made is way too complicated and and too complex if the studio stuck to something simpler the movie could ...
Spoiler-free should-you-watch review:. . This is a movie to skip if you're looking for anything beyond visuals, and in my opinion it's one to skip even if you *are* only looking for visuals. I only recommend you watch this movie if you already saw the promotional material and thought "wow this is perfect for me". The movie gives you very little to care about or relate to, and when it finally gives you something tangible, it ends up being totally irresponsible.. . The best things I can say about Belle are that 1) the hand-drawn animation portions are really quite nice, and 2) I didn't turn it off ...
I'mma rate the series as whole, with a 6. When I watched the anime, I already had read the manga, and turned out to be a bad idea, since the anime adaptation is A FREAKING DISASTER. Most of its episodes are all fillers, and the episodes that are canon were adapted so wrong, not to mention the amount of censorship it has, which doesn't make sense since the original story isn't that violent or graphic (I came to miss Roy's mokkoris, much of the jokes lost their charm because the lack of erectios lol) , even tho the overall feeling the anime tries to transmit ...
This show is terrible. The plot moves at a snail's pace, the animation is cute in the beginning but over time you'll notice it is quite stiff, and there is not script, only cute girls eating scones. It was fun for the first episode, got dull by the second, and the following 10 were a hell of waiting for things to improve.. Interleaved are random action scenes by an inquisition that do not pay off at all. I am not sure there is going to be a sequel but I am not watching it.. Don't waste your time with this, go watch Lucky star instead.. Also I ...
This is the worst slop of garbage I have ever watched in my life, never watch it. There is no story, only character development, if you are planning on watching this eldritch abomination of a anime series, I highly recommend stopping after watching episode 15 because there is a significant decrease in plot quality. Before episode 15, I would be happy to give this show a 6/10, but the ending episodes are so unfathomably wasteful that it automatically brings the score to a -15/10. This mess of a "anime series" should never be witnessed by any pair of human eyes ever again. -15/10.
Here is my review of this anime in 2022!. . Story (4). The story is about a girl who is in the academy that has magical power. They have to fight insects that sometimes can enter the academy. On the other hand, there is another story that fills the world with war. I don't really understand the story but maybe you can understand it. So watch it and tell me what's going on :). . . Art (6). The art for this anime is quite good and not bad. But I prefer a lot of animation rather than just a static image with no movement. If only they have a lot of ...
English:. What a mess.... A really cliché script stuff with a non-sense reality that the protagonist lives (with the anime story in mind, this comment makes sense). The only thing that saves this anime is the good animation. If you want a good history, good characters, somenthing good instead of just mixing game + graphic and awful script holes between virtual and real worlds, go to an another anime. Don't give a try. Trust me.... At least, the reactions are clean and loyal at their context ¯\_(ツ)_/¯. . I think that the new spectators of this anime will not enjoy it as good as 90% of another animes with a similar ...
Good visuals and directing but this s**t is MADDD BORING. The picture book scenes were so boring it made me fall asleep. However i loved the characters! It is a spin off of hibike euphonium but much more boring. The art style was very crisp and appealing to the eye! It is also gay but cool. I can relate to mizore she is the goat. the goat ueuu poo byut goat cheese eaeaea dookie the anime made me feel warm but it was boring for the most part which is why i give it a 5 or 6 out of ten.. . The story was very ...
Jesus. Literally, since this is an anime about diabolical characters. The first season was great, even if it was filtered with melodramatic themes, as it wasnt the main plot device, and still had other elements that were well explained. The second season came, and the pacing was very quick, the characters seemed entirely new, almost as if it's an entirely new show. Do not watch this if you were expecting the same show, it's entirely different, and has shitty pacing.. . They introduce characters and do not explain at all about any of the plot, to the point where it's just a clusterfuck and insanely confusing. ...
This is quite mediocre, I would say it is an average isekai, but it's not even that.. . You have the standard Isekai tropes with the OP MC, who is somewhat of a self-insert character as the character is fairly bland, uninteresting and has no personality, so what you would then get is decent supporting cast that is far more interesting, and then lifts the quality of the anime, and carries the whole thing.. But for this isekai, that is not the case, he is on his own and travels from place to play, his only companions are his tamed creatures, a wolf and a bunch of slimes, ...
I started this anime thinking that I would get another All Out!!, or Re-Main, but instead I was met with a conglomeration of bad writing, bad pacing, and minimal originality.. . I've watched three episodes of this anime, and three episodes are enough. I will run down all the different aspects that make this anime mind-numbingly difficult to watch.. . Characters -. The characters are all so trope-ish, I could barf. They are bland and are essentially made of cardboard that has a decent art style. I've seen all of them before but in different fonts, and in different anime. We have an overly loud airhead, an infuriating shallowly ...
Went into this hoping for something along the lines of Starless quality; instead I got met with a massive amount of disappointment.. . The two episodes are a bit different and neither are very recommend worthy. The first one is just really bland and forgettable (I actually had to go back and re-watch it after the second episode came out to remember what happened in it) the second episode was just really bad unless your into male torture, urethra insertion, and no story.. . The art while at times looks pretty good and comes close to the original source material's quality, it just isn't consistently held throughout the episodes. ...
In 2022, Netflix sees a record loss of subscribers, and the same year, they produce Cyberpunk: Edgerunners, and it does not take long to see that this anime is a transparent attempt by Netflix to try and recoup some of their financial losses. Edgerunners is a notably imperceptive cyberpunk work that is hopelessly lacking in budget, creativity, or any positive characteristics to make it notable in any respect. Far more dystopic than the setting it depicts is the reality in which someone thought this was actually worth producing, let alone watching.. . The poor quality of the animation in Edgerunners makes it immediately clear that the studio ...
This is one of the worst series I have spent my time watching. I was told "It gets good at Arlong Park" It does not. I honestly cannot believe this series has as many fans as it does. It is honestly dog shit. I actually did not enjoy a single thing in this whole series. It's okay to like a series but every time I see someone say this is the best show ever, I get so mad I want to break my monitors screen. I have watched until water 7 and I regret it fully. To anyone who says this is a good show, ...
"Sorry, honey. Mama lost her courage for a minute.". . -- the following is a discussion on how poor animation and misunderstanding can ruin something previously fun. very brief run through of events to illustrate bad pacing. reader discretion is advised. --. . I've been late to the party for most recent anime events. I started my days with Sword Art Online around its release, but that's the only hype train I was apart of back then. In the years following, I frequently saw The Devil is a Part Timer shine brightly on Netflix pages and never gave it the time of day. I tried a few other shows ...
Kakkou no Iinazuke is just a plain average slice of life anime. You thought this was a romance show? well, it is but throughout this season, we only seen the characters do things that you usually see in slice of life then in romance. Do not expect any romance happening in this 24 eps anime because you will not get any. When it comes to Harem anime, what comes to my mind is 5-toubun no Hanayome. All of the girls have some kind of charm to them that makes the show entertain and feel competitive in a way that you will not sure who will ...
Episode 1 is promising, from 2-9 is ok, episode 10 there's a bomb drop but after that it does nowhere and they never follow the story after that. The ending never tied all the lose endings and we just disappointing, too bad because until the final episode it was a 7 but after that ending is just a strong 5.. It doesn't even give you that trill of "ok now I need to read the manga to see where this is going" its just a disappointment after the final episode.. Honestly not worth the 6 months invested in it and not recommended.
Well, I have to admit I'm a bit disappointed. As someone who has previously enjoyed Shonens such as Naruto, HxH, Dragon Ball, etc., I was pretty confident I would also be a fan of Demon Slayer. I was wrong. The story is about as basic as it comes and the same can be said about the characters. Tanjiro, the protagonist, has borderline no personality and there's really nothing to him except for the fact that he's talented at everything for some unexplained reason and a good person which makes for a pretty one-dimensional and boring main character. The villains are all extremely forgettable and when ...
So... we have a... uh... a character that told you not to die despite you heavily suffer from anything that is beyond anyone's help.... This anime... have criminals, and a group of girls doing anti-terrorist thing. The one that most skilled, Chisato... CHOSE NOT TO KILL ANYONE. 1-13 episodes, what do you get? A character wanting to be Gintoki that fails completely... Since you might want (or you might just do not like this review and scroll this down completely) to know my reasons, I will bring all rivers to you.. . On the other hand, first two episodes, we had determined Takina, but she lost her job, ...
I'm sorry I was just bored out of my mind watching this. The demons are barely demons and aren't interesting, the hero is kinda interesting, the idea of an underappreciated hero quitting has quite a few interesting possibilities but this anime doesn't explore them. So whenever the MC begins the episode interacting with one of the demons my interest drops precipitously. I get the gag of trying to integrate fantasy elements into what is basically a corporate renovation project but this anime doesn't execute it very well because the demon characters are all cliched as hell and lack nuance. In short, there is no hook ...
Sigh… Alright, where do we even begin with this one? First of all, if you actually finished all 24 episodes of this dumpster fire, like I did, I applaud your dedication, but sometimes I really do question the decisions I make, such as continuing to watch this week after week. Studious male harem protagonists have been somewhat of a repeating character archetype, like Futaro Uesugi from The Quintessential Quintuplets, or Nariyuki Yuiga, from We Never Learn. I am convinced however, that Umino Nagi is one of the worst harem protagonists that I have seen. He’s literally Kazuya, but gets good grades in school. He’s indecisive, ...
From the same mangaka of Magi, Orient not only got an anime adaptation but it manages to get a part 2 of the anime adaptation. So, surely it is better than the prequel. Well, it is both yes and no. Not only the story develops even more but it is also a lot more action packed compared to the last season. You can see the effort put into this anime but the problem is there is more action compared to the last season, which also means it requires better animation to properly display everything that is going through that moment. Unfortunately, most of the time ...
okay, this one was an absolute disappointment tho having some gore-ish moments. Wasn't handled properly and felt rushed. As a fan of Higurashi overall, this one wasn't the best.. . The story was disappointing no depth much, the ARTSYLE is really pretty I absolutely loved it! But it's the fact that the story felt boring and poor. Some might enjoy it since Satoko plays as the well spoilers ahead more like the main lead on this season which was yeah enjoyable though was predictable if you have seen the Gou one. If you have seen the other seasons of Higurashi and if you compare it with this ...
TL;DR first for those who don't want to read the whole rant (I understand, I wouldn't either):. The show's production quality is top-notch. Top-tier animation, top tier action scenes, top-tier designs, STELLAR voice acting. HOWEVER, beneath that and except a few neat details, it's full of obnoxious characters, bullshit situations and plot holes. But apparently it seems like I'm more or less the only one bothered by that so you can give it a try I guess, at least it looks great.. . Onto the rant. (I'll give a warning for spoilers). You know, a wise vtuber said someday that recommending anime is hard, because every anime has ...
There's chill and there's boring. Don't get me wrong, I do like slice of life and isekai, and this felt very much up my alley. But 5 episodes in, I was always waiting. Waiting for something to happen, waiting for a turn to make it much more enjoyable. Just waiting. There is pleasure in the mundane and chill, but this was not it at all.. . Characters wise, they were very forgettable and pretty much one-dimensional. There didn't seem to be much of a setup, and there definitely wasn't much in way of character development. And the plethora of characters thrown at you just seemingly melded and ...
This is your usual recap that summarizes the first 12 episodes of Hoshi no Samidare.. It doesn't have any new scenes, everything here is cut straight from the anime, it's only addition is Noi's narration, don't expect any long monologues, just simple and to the point emphasizing the key moments in the show. Another new thing would be the end card with the next episode title.. . You can watch this only if you had a long break between the anime parts and want to refresh your memory, otherwise I see no point to it, maybe if you're a big fan and want to see/read all of this ...
I don't really know where to start with this one, but I guess the first thing I will say is that I've noticed that outside of Ghost in the Shell, I have not really cared much for Mamoru Oshii projects: I've started (and in these cases dropped) both The Sky Crawlers and Angel's Egg. It's nothing against him, and I recognize that he is a talented filmmaker, but there's just something about his minimalist storytelling that I just really do not enjoy most of the time.. . Talking specifically about Jin-Rou, though, I will start with the good.. . The animation quality, especially with facial expressions, is insanely good, ...
The anime and manga flaws are impossible to put in one of two reviews. I could discus them for hours, but I will keep it as short and sweet as I can.. -----Nothing to spoilers but spoilers alert----. . To start, I would like to clarify that I'm neither a Boruto fanboy nor a hater of boruto. A year ago, I was trying to enjoy my Sunday with an anime and was misled by Reviewers saying there's good action, a good plot, and it gets overheated but Why can't I find any of these?. . 1. Anime canon, mean an episode that connects to the main storyline. However, it is ...
There are no reviews for Firestorm, so I'm here to save everybody who comes across this obscure entry the trouble:. . Do not, under any circumstances, watch Firestorm.. . This is absolutely the worst anime I've seen, and it isn't even a funny bad like Mars of Destruction or Ex-Arm. It far passed "so bad it's good" and went deeper to simply "It's abysmal".. . First the plot. Firestorm involves a UN peacekeeping military unit called Storm Force 9 that protects the world from a terrorist organization named Black Orchid who's goal is the take over the world. Each episode revolves around some nonsensical plot that Black Orchid has for world ...
TLDR: it's a nothing cake. A very disappointing eye candy. Setting is borrowed, characters are dull and expendable, plot is going nowhere. Your typical story about self-insert dude and cool and handsome girl taking him into a "whole new world", I see such every season, each time new wrap. And it only has 10 episodes, which in my experience is a new low.. . My ratings:. Animation - 8/10, it is trigger, so it looks decent. Story - 0/10, none. Characters - 3/10, some interesting designs, but no personality whatsoever. Soundtrack - 3/10, was decent in the beginning, went bad. Enjoyment - 1/10, pretty much I wish I didn't waste ...
I will go directly to the subject. I liked the concept of the anime. But I hate stories in which the characters die, especially the main ones, and well this anime is one of those stories.. it's the first time I'm writing a review because this anime frustrated me. If the characters died and the anime was like the game of thrones series, I would have no problem. I am a style that wants to get attached to the characters and wants to see the good ending and the most unexpected ending at the same time.. I cannot recommend this anime because of the ending and certain ...
My first review on MAL is going to be School Days (Sorry if there's any grammar mistakes or something cause English is my second language). . Alright first of all, this anime is a friendly reminder that usually a romance anime that had sex in it usually it's bad like Domestic GF. But holy shit this anime somehow worse than that hot garbage. . Let's talk about the characters. The characters (except Kotonoha's Sister) probably have a minus IQ because they be making the worst decision ever.. Our main guy Makoto starts off as your typical harem protagonist, but more & more through the series we learned that he's such a ...
This show sets a bad precedent for future animes if it can rake in a score of 8.. . [The year is 30XX and the only anime that ever gets made is oversexualized fanfic between "generic black haired teenage anime protagonist with the social skills and awareness of a 2 year old toddler" and the "Hot female protagonist who is 3 million years old but looks like a 16 year old tiktoker with the emotional maturity of a lobotomized chihuahua".]. . The only other shows that ever get made is sequels to shows that are actually good.. . Can we please go back to shows that are actually well written and ...
This movie is absolute dog shit dragon ball has completely lost its luster. This lazy animation style full blown cgi takes away from the panels not only is it ugly the story line tries to exist but we only want to see great fighting scenes animated in dragon ball. I personally cannot stand to see the whole movie animated this way in such terrible form. TO EVEN CONSIDER THIS A DRAGON BALL MOVIE IS DISAPOINTING I WOULD RATHER WATCH ALL OF DRAGON BALL GT AGAIN OVER THIS DOG SHIT OF A MOVIE. PLEASE AVOID AT ALL COST IF I COULD GO LOWER THAN 1 I ...
This is a short one-episode Tokusatsu with one of those corny superheroes made of metal and with the glowing buttons no one presses. There's no backstory or character development at all (probably a good thing, actually) and very little characterization for our cardboard cutouts; the villain's motivations are also unclear. Granted, plotting and character nonsense is not usually the main factor drawing people to series like this, but it does help to have some kind of hook to keep the viewer interested—the appeal is the shortness and fast-pace, fun imagery, and a few bits of interesting animation. There is a mishmash of effective elements, but ...
I went into this with no context or expectations and was still disappointed. The animation is visually pleasing, the action is pretty well choreographed, but the rest is just off. The voice actors' performances felt awkward and unpolished, and the story is just so.. strange. We're thrown into this without any worldbuilding, no stage setting, we just see our group of characters get into trouble and try to solve it. But we're never given a reason to care about said characters. The sex scenes were so bizarre and out of place, especially the one in the second episode. This almost feels like it exists with ...
My recommendation is; watch until episode 4 or 5 you might have a good laugh and get to experience this odd concept. After that just drop it! You won't miss anything, not even at the end! Save your time, time will never comeback.. It is interesting at the beginning because you don't what to expect and there are funny moments.. After 4 episodes it gets bland, there isn't content in this anime, the same joke was used for half of the show, it was fine for me, I would have a little laugh here and then.. The problem is that this anime doesn't have much to provide! The ...
Yofukashi no Uta is one of the most hyped anime of this season. It’s not weird to have this kind of show where a guy with no personality finds a girl literally falling from the sky and then taking him into making his life more interesting, you know, the standard premise of romance anime, but this time the MC will fall in love with the girl to turn him into a vampire.. . Nazuna is also one of the most obnoxious girls I have seen in recent times, don’t be fooled by how she appears as being the mature one at the beginning trying to teach the ...
After getting heavily disappointed with the latest Higurashi titles—Gou and Sotsu—I was very excited about Summer Time Render. It ticked all the boxes I sought—a murder mystery in a rural town with time travel, scary monsters, two-cour without any prequel and sequel, and good production values. With the first minutes of Shinpei's journey, I quickly sold out for the series. The summer atmosphere was on point. The art style was great for the most part. The main plot was like a knock-off mix of Higurashi and Steins;Gate but still gripping, and most importantly, you could feel the thriller. So, what happened? How this propitious thriller ...
Read the first sentence of each section to quickly find how you may receive this, ignoring the first section if you don't care about me joking around. If your of the opinion that more genders exist then don't even waste your time on this it's not about anything past Male/Female and the sequel is the same.. . Enlightening, a means of catharsis for many. It's past being a masterpiece, it's so past anything we've seen before that artists of any form would look upon it with all it's grandeur in display that they would be so impressed, they become disheartened in continuing their passion. Charles Dickens, Vincent ...
It’s been a season of long-awaited sequels, with Classroom of the Elite Season 2, and Overlord Season 4 coming back after 5 years and 4 years respectively, and for this show, IT HAS BEEN 9 WHOLE YEARS since Season 1. It’s great that highly respected titles in the anime community are making a comeback after years of waiting, and that might inspire future sequels to come, for shows like No Game No Life, or Land of the Lustrous for example.. . The Devil is a Part-Timer was a top-tier isekai I watched perhaps a year ago for the first time. It had a solid premise, good comedy, ...
I had a hard time understanding why this anime is so popular and the fact that a woman wrote it. The movie has no idea what message it is trying to convey other than encouraging harmful ableist and misogynist stereotypes and tropes, such as: bullying victims are incapable of rage?? girls are dumb and think stalking and bullying is rOmAnTiC?? bullies should be forgiven and pitied just because they faced karma for being pieces of shit?? The male MC is creepy enough as it is, the side characters are just as annoying and make you want to punch them through the screen.. . Do better Yoshitoki Ōima.
A show that completely deviated from what was supposed to be a psychological drama, and turned into.....I don't know what. If there is anything that I like about this show, it is the fact that it doesn't even try to take itself seriously. The character introduction was enough to show that. Each character had a wall of text right next to them, with some vague descriptions about their hobbies and personalities. The author has already made it clear that he doesn't care about these guys. What matters is the premise of the show right? The thing is, this show has no premise.. . The show clearly is ...
studio Trigger has reached new levels of mediocrity, even though previous anime they made had amazing animation to balance out the mediocre story. but now the animation is so bad, not in a visual sense but in a sense of movement, sometimes It feels like a slideshow. they really thought it would be better to work on more lighting than on the movements in an Action anime. . In the end, It was just a glorified advert for the game. . the only good thing that came out of it was cool character design and Rebecca. the only reason I watched it was because artists were making one fanart after another, but ...
6/10 - A highly regarded classic that just did not resonate with me.. . I watched NGE about 2 years prior to writing this review and quite frankly should probably watch it again before I write this, but a recent review list led me to want to share my opinion on this show.. . Evangelion prides itself on its characters and how they interact with one another, but those strengths simple fell flat for me. I don't mind awkwardness in anime--it is to be expected--but a lot of the show and reactions within it felt disjointed and repeating. We are supposed to see the struggles our main character goes ...
I finally started to watch a Fate/whatever anime for the first time from chrono order... and this was there as well... I won't lie i had my doubts, but still gave it a shot.. . Ugh.... . Whoever find this "deep" or any other nonsense like this is just fcked up in the head... The only episode i watched longer than 5mins (i think i actually watch almost whole deal) was no7, other is just pedo garbage (and i'm so glad in a way that i had this on my disk, because i could fast forward it till the end).. . Do yourself a favor and DO judge this sh*t ...
Much to many still shots, and shots where the camera is just panning over a still image. Voice acting is basically non existent and when someone talks it sounds like someone plucked from the street and asked to speak some lines. Not just the voice acting is bad, but there are also basically non sound effects. This makes this anime almost feel like from the horror genre, because for far to long periods there is no sound at all and these long periods are not uncommon to make it worse. Characters respond to questions very slowly and all in all the conversation flow feels all ...
Part of becoming an adult is finding hobbies that enrich our life and fill the time after exhausting days at work. Wotaku centers around 4 main characters who are obssessed with hobbies society frowns upon, some of whom have little to no social skills at all. Momose, the main lead, is obssessed with manga, especially Yaoi, something she's had to hide from all her previous boyfriends and friends. The other 3 aren't much different: Hanako is also into yaoi and cosplay, her boyfriend Kabakura obssesses over yuri and gaming, and Nifuji games almost to the expense of all else. Momose and Nifuji are childhood friends, ...
after watching the 12 ep , I gave a nice 3 ... it 's a nice notation because I really liked the 3 seasons.. BUT AFTER THE FINAL episode I changed for a 2 .... . I dunno what happened to this anime, it completely changed in the very bad way... humour is gone, characters profils are ultra basic, the balance blabla /action became blabla only. it's now a very very bad anime. You have news characters coming from nowhere without any explain and next episode forgot them and move to any other arc in the season. ...
The Genius Prince's Guide to Raising a Nation out of Debt Review (5.8). . At first I thought it was good but it was boring so I didn't really understand the story.The animation was simple but it was ok.I didn't like anything about the characters because they were boring and corny.Even though I was bored watching it,I lost my boredom when I heard the op song is beautiful.. . STORY:3/10. I don't understand the story because every episode is so boring, I don't even know what's going on.. . ANIMATION:5.5/10. The animation is ok,it's simple but it's not very detailed so the animation looks ugly.. . ...
I don't know what's going on, but I'm afraid that CDPR is a religion, not a company.. . This anime is more of a formula than literary work. Predictable, unoriginal, with shallow characters and so much potential that you want the next episode to be stellar but it never is. Never ending downhill plummet and it didn't even start that high up.. . Characters with no meaningful goals or rational decisions or development It would have been more tragic if the main character died in the first episode. Show for kids who dream of being a cyborg and they really hit their demographic spot on. They just had to ...
good day to all. While searching for a hidden treasure, I came across this anime and thought to myself, "This looks fascinating, even though it only has a 7.". . The plot of the anime makes no sense whatsoever. There is no context for the major characters or the story's progression.. . Yuuki was the only character who was enjoyable. Some episodes feel like filler that has nothing to do with the story or the anime itself. I wanted the entire anime was as mysterious and action-packed as the last two episodes.. . . I was really dissatisfied with the quality of my first Hidden Gem anime.
Rurouni Kenshin New Kyoto Arc is quite disappointing and not something I can recommend.. . Cramming a 30 episode arc into 90 minutes isn’t the best idea and did not work out. They drastically rewrote key elements and set pieces, as well as omitting characters and taking severe creative liberty to condense it for time. The OVA took a darker turn which ended up contradicting many of the characters and forgoing their development. The most egregious example of which is the main protagonist himself, Kenshin. He is way more brutal in this appearance, for some reason. Nearly all the fights are inferior compared to the original ...
we're not traumatized by decades of extremely rapid social change what are you talking about. this is a good industry. and on an unrelated note we think cartoons can show you that you have to have to kids (modestly) to restore the platonic ideal of our society. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE have kids so we can go back to thinking "unskilled labor" "being not from the city" and "part time employment" are socially acceptable things. it can be your sister if you need it to be. please. NOTHING is wrong there was no war there was no bomb its always been like this your memories are ...
Overlord's main issues are that it's unpleasant and boring.. . There are no stakes because we know Ainz and his minions are insanely OP and are going to win every fight. Everything almost always goes according to plan, and if it doesn't it goes even better than expected for our villain protagonist.. . Speaking of our villain protagonist, let's talk about the characters. Most of the Nazarick crew are entirely flat and static when it comes to character development, especially when it comes the past 2 seasons. Ainz somehow does whatever the opposite of character development is, having less and less of a personality over time.. . After how decent ...
Unimaginably dull - this anime actively looks for isekai tropes to add to it's existing dumpster fire. The character's are lifeless and have no plot relevance besides *existing* as a token harem just to tick off one of the aforementioned tropes.. . The main character is, as stated by others, a painfully uninteresting mess of cliches - overpowered, has no actual character development and just serves as an archetypal overpowered isekai MC. Every time there is a chance to offer some emotional depth to the character - we see him stomp the punchbag, lifeless goombas that serve as the villains of the series. Each and every ...
The only positive for this one is the opening, the music stick to my head with only one episode.. . This is not anime, it's a power point presentation with sound effects like other user said. There's is no reason do a work like this, only 5 episodes and it's not animated. All the jokes kind looks missing something, it just can't hit same way a tradicional anime does. It feels so weird watching this cus deep down has some potential. If money was short they should try to invest in something else. But his made me interested in the manga, so i will check it out.
I watched it, hated it, and gave it a second chance, then hated it even more. Not one likeable character in sight. I understand that humans are complex creatures full of inconsistencies, but by God! I have never despised so many ppl so viscerally all at once. What an abhorrent group of ppl. And the visuals are a photosensitive epileptic's worst nightmare. This is the worst mascot psychological anime was ever burdened with. I hate that it has withstood the test of time. Kuromukuro was the best form of plagiarism I have ever witnessed in my short life. The story was there, but its bearers ...
Okay, let me get this out of the way, this review is not meant to target anyone who has a similar/different view on this anime compared to me, it's just my point of view and my opinions on the show, so please don't get offended, thank you.. And yes, I am an LN reader and love the series.. . Story(4/10) - Way stronger start & finish compared to the first season, most arcs/scenes feel better paced, the only complaint is that it's still not comparable to the light novel. The problem is not with the second season, but with the first. They had already messed the ending ...
If you are fate fan you are going to enjoy and if you are huge ufotable fate fan than you are going to get offended by it. Geez character design sucks out of proportions and out of logic with tinge of ultra bland MC. Animation quality keep jumping up and down , left and right .Fighting sequences were not in the universe they are supposed to be in rather on blank canvas. Honour and virtue left the chat after the introduction of these characters. Heck even hypocrisy is feeling shame. It was more like GenZ ticktockers got reincarnated instead of noble heroic spirites. Well soundtrack ...
Very slight spoilers below.. . If there was a World Item that would magically turn Summer 2022 into an actually good season, I would do anything to obtain it. I would set up a tent under the nearby bridge and never worry about the real estate market again if it meant I didn’t have to see people raving about a 35-year old grooming a 14-year old. I would create an OnlyFans and join the bottom 99.5% of small, unsuccessful accounts if it meant that uninitiated watchers didn’t look to an emotionless pseudo-intelligent high-schooler as a flawless role model. I would become the world’s most authentic Indian sword-swallower ...
It's funny that the original MSG—as well as many other mech titles of the 1980s and onward—would get ragged on for being the equivalent of overly long toy commercials, but as time went on and the genre became more sophisticated and scripting improved, this ceased to be a common criticism, yet it seems like we've come full circle and now it looks more like a toy commercial than ever, as the overcooked CGI varnish slathered all over the mobile suits makes them look like stop-motion action figures, zipping around through space and firing lasers and satellite weapons everywhere.. . I don't want to be too harsh ...
(Reposted because MAL can't tell Non-Preliminary reviews from Prelim ones). Tens of thousands of years ago, an underwater volcano poked its head out from the ocean for the first time. As the volcano erupted over and over, the lava cooled to create swaths of basalt, and the volcanic ash and fallout gradually condensed to form tuff. Birds, weary of the long flight over the ocean, used the island as a resting spot and brought plant seeds along. The island grew rich in foliage and fledglings, and one day, a small community of traveling humans set foot. Cut off from the rest of the world, they developed ...
SHORT REVIEW:. . I think what's seriously lacking in this show is focus. It doesn't know what type of show it wants to be and ended up being just a forgettable mish-mash of different genres. It's not funny enough to be a comedy. Not realistic enough to be a slice-of-life. Not dramatic enough to be a drama. And I know that it can be its own thing, but overall, the sum of its parts just falls flat in every aspect. The writing is predictable. The characters are one note. The animation is watered down soup. And the music is...not my personal taste. But if it's yours then ...
It's definitely a great story once they actually to get into the lore after all of that world building. The characters are genuinely unique despite following tropes and each one of them gets a more in-depth peek into their personality hiding behind their plain façade.. . The ending started off as amazing and extremely engaging, but becomes exceedingly disappointing very quickly once all of the build up the show created is tossed out the window within 30 seconds.. . If you're looking for an isekai that's out of the ordinary and an interesting world to explore, then I'd definitely recommend it. If you want a satisfying story, I ...
tl;dr: An anime that starts off with some good build up but has essentially no solid payoff to anything which is especially disappointing considering how 428 left off.. . This anime is a sequel to the visual novel 428: Shibuya Scramble, primarily drawing from the bonus Canaan scenario that was handled by Type-Moon. It isn’t strictly required to have played 428 before watching this from a plot point of view, though I still would heavily recommend doing so as it’s a pretty great VN and this anime spoils essentially all of it pretty much immediately. As such, this review is assuming that the reader has already played ...
When The Devil is a Part-timer came out back in 2013 a lot of people loved it, mostly because they had never seen a reverse isekai before. It was otherwise nothing special, just another adaptation of a light novel and a 5/10 at best. For a decade many were constantly requesting another season, and were really excited when they finally heard it’s coming. No joke, they hyped the living hell out of this show before it came out. Then as soon as the first episode aired the entire community forgot its existence. How is that possible when they were so hyped up about it? It’s ...
This is mostly the same as the hentai version.. Except that the 18+ parts were cut out, reducing the length to a bit more than half of it's hentai version.. And there are also a few scenes that aren't in the h version.. For the Anime itself. Let's say the story is fit for a hentai. Pretty boring and short.. And don't get me started on the art style! I mean, what's with those faces?!?. So if you still want to bother watching, then I'd recommend you just watch the full H-Version, instead of wasting your time here.. Although I find the H Version a bit more confusing (Scenes seem out ...
Classroom of the elite is a typical example of a media that should cease to exist. And by that I am not referring only to the anime, but also to the source material, that is the light novel. Do not get tricked by those claiming that the series shouldn't be judged because of the poor anime adaptation, as the novels themselves are anything but good. I've read them all, got into them because of the edgy quote in the end of season 1, and here I am trying to warn you not to get into this clickbait of a series. Needless to say, it did ...
TL;DR:. This show is hot garbage. It... has a followable story? but every step of it is a disaster. If the road to Miami is as messy as running over chickens, crashing into a McDonalds, and leaping to your death in a lava pit, then I do not think it's a road you should sincerely take. And that's giving the show too much credit for trying to look interesting.. . Also, if you need any more indication that this is a show not worth watching, look at how dead the discussions are and how I am the first legitimate review of the series a full WEEK after ...
It's not unusual for an anime to introduce mysteries and then utterly fail to meaningfully resolve them. That's the default state of any given anime.. . But it is striking for any thematic weight, emotional growth, or even moment-to-moment stakes to be completely sidelined by disgusting moments that are quite literally gratuitous. Imagine what could have been accomplished in establishing the motivations of our characters if screen time was not instead given to MORE THAN ONE conversation about a child's penis. You never learn the motivation of the antagonist, the lynchpin of the movie, but you may not notice if you're a perverted freak.. . Ultimately, Made in Abyss ...
*REVIEW WITH SPOILERS*. . Review in English and Spanish. . . I saw S1 at the time and the truth is that I didn't like it even at the time, but when I saw the premiere of this second season I remembered the previous season with a little affection and decided to give it a try. Not only that, in the "Top Light Novels" section of MAL it is the second most valued. So he had reason enough to give it a try.. . . Without having read a single page of LN, it shows that it is quite poorly adapted. Not only because of the animation, which sometimes seems to be good ...
Youkoso Jitsuryoku Shijou Shugi no Kyoushitsu e (You-Zitsu) a.k.a Classroom of the Elite, is literally one sweet-ass heck of a LN written by Shougo Kinugasa that even 3 years after the 1st Year ended, it's still the cult classic that has cemented amongst readers as one of (if not) the GOAT LNs ever written thanks to its typical school premise, but involving high stakes of a psychological brain-inducing mess that when all comes together, makes for one masterpiece source material worthy of a read.. . Say what you will about Season 1, but I LOVE this show when it aired exactly 5 years ago in Summer ...
Dropped this anime in the middle of the second episode.. . Holy shit this sucks absolute ass farts. I cant believe that this season is even worse than the first one.. . From my last review I didnt even wanna watch the first episode of this season. I made me some food and didnt know what else to watch so I said fuck it and started it. The first episode was ok, the MC is still annoying as ever but it was a little different than before.. . But hoooly fuck the second episode is absolute garbonzoooo. The entirety of the 10 minutes that I've seen from that episode can be ...
Isekai Meikyuu de Harem wo (2022). . This is just someone asking, what does an 18-year-old boy think life in a fantasy setting would be? Yes.. . The show is abhorrent, with lazy old animation, lacks a storyline in favour of sub-par intimacy, just a waste of time.. At least shows like Ishuzoku Reviewers were honest and interesting, this is just dull beyond dull. They didn't even try, and everyone that likes this is basically like let your lust take over. Don't watch Hentai but watch this instead? A very odd opinion.. . The animation is sub-par, lazy and just not great to watch. It would look amazing 10 ...
Sigh, where do I begin with this one...... . Does this anime have anything to offer? Does this anime do anything unique? Does this anime do anything to set it apart from the countless other power-dream isekai anime? The answer to all of these is a big fat no, this anime does nothing special, offers nothing special, and gets lost in the dramatic flow of all the other anime's of the same genres. Starting off with it, it seemed like it was going to try to go the Konosuba route and play a parody of the genre. That got squashed rather quickly. Then it seemed like it ...
Anno should be ashamed of himself. It took 9 years to make this and this is what we got? He even sidestepped along the way to make Shin Godzilla and Shin Ultraman but didn't have time to spare for Eva during all those years.. Unlike what diehard defenders of this movie likes to think, none of the plot points were planned ahead. In fact it was the polar opposite of careful planning.. The original trailer for 2.0 included Asuka's fight against Zeruel like in NGE which was changed later in 1.11's release. Mari mentions dragging adults into her business in the beginning scenes of 2.0 but ...
This is a peaceful slice-of-life type of anime. There is no massive story besides trying to save the aquarium, and each character has a side story. The story is straight forward and the characters have zero to little development. I liked the first 10 episodes, but I found Kukuru annoying. As the show progressed she stayed greedy, unyielding, childish, and pushed herself onto others. I understand these are high school characters. but the other 3 high schoolers acted more mature than her and were under similar stresses. Each time people create an excuse for her horrible behavior, everyone passes it off as "okay." There is ...
Story: You have sex Harem story here + sibling sex and cheating as a bounce. Force sexing exists too. Let me see... Sister is not happy with his brother sleeping with other women. Bad story overall. Really bad.. . Art: A complete failure. Same as Masterpiece The Animation. Women only have big boobs. Voices are not bad. Also skins are too shiny. Not a fan of this kind of art. It is unrealistic.. . Scenes: Bad made. Big boobs are not enough. Animations are bad made, like lets finish it as soon as possible. Not good.. . Non-sense: No anal sex. There are some force sexing available though, but the female ...
I value a good story and I hate wastefulness of precious things... 'Hellsing Ultimate' has an awfully boring story and a waste of talents and recourse, therefore, I absolutely despise it and disgusted by its pure existences.. . I dropped this anime after the 9th episode so I did not technically finished it but I believe if it is bad for the first 90% there is no saving it for just 1 last episode, so I valued my time and sanity so I drop it.. . Key words: Greet visual and sound tracks; weak writing/directing with action piece here and there together; badly inserted comical reliefs; zero character developments ...
If you're here for anything other than fanservice, you'll be incredibly disappointed. Also, the fanservice is PG-13, so even if you're here for that, you'll still be somewhat disappointed.. . Story: Not good. It's not super surprising for an ecchi to have a mediocre story, but nearly the entire storyline feels like they stole the story arcs from filler episodes of much better shows.. It's a magic story where the author completely forgot to explain how magic works, thus every major event and fight feel completely meaningless. MC wants to be the best, like no one ever was, but no one can tell exactly what being ...
Stop! Hibari-kun has a great premise revolving around an LGBT character (a crossdresser), and that aspect of it works out great. Unfortunately, pretty much everything else works against the show's premise. Disregarding the low-quality art style of the series, Hibari and Kosaku are great characters, and it would've been fine to leave it at just that; however, instead, Hibari is given three sisters and a variety of token cast members which seek to insert "funny" jokes. Unfortunately, the jokes and even plots rarely ever make sense. There's a continuous "running gag" about Hibari's father seeing a white alligator in his dreams and many jokes seem ...
A very very mid isekai anime.. Worse than the likes of Slime Isekai or Redo of Healer or any other generic isekai anime. Animation is very generic, Protagonist has a generic shota design, none of the side characters are interesting and everything is purely the definition of bland.. The protagonist has zero flaws whatsoever as his magical power basically forms any chemical known in existence and another magical power that lets him spot out any sickness. As he was already a famed chemist before he died, he has zero flaws and the series is just watching him cure people.. The only thing interesting about the show are the ...
I would call this anime “The show of the fkn stupidest girl alive”.. The idea of this plot/story is good! The pace was also good, but the execution was trash because Aika Miou is so bland and retarded!. In order to be able to finish this anime you have to skip ep 4 because she ruins the execution of the story with her masochist nonsense.. Isn’t making this into a movie more optimal?. Anyways, the ending is beatiful if you take it lightly.. It’s just 5 eps if you skip #4 so now go watch it if you are still thinking about it, maybe you can ...
Pathology expert dies from overwork and gets isekaied into a magical world, where he becomes basically the god of medicine, creates drugs from thin air and identifies any illness just by looking at people and throwing random illness names, until he finds the correct one. Isn't a comedy, nor a deep complex or intriguing show, just weak, generic and superficial, to the point it doest even bother with exploring its own themes.. . I dont think you can even say that this explores the topic of medicine, from how dumbed down and shallow it depicts and approaches it, being summed into basically using some medical and pathology ...
The first season set up protagonist (shield hero), the underdog as someone who didn't trust people of the world he was summoned to (for good reason) and relied on himself and 2 of his companions to fight the good fight.. . So the second season was anticipated by all fans for a reason. We wanted to see how strong he'll become, what new skills and adventures he'll had.. . Instead, we got a brain fart as season 2 where the shield hero is now a generic Isekai protagonist with a harem and is suffering from that rare disorder which forces him to now only speak like a 13 yr ...
Recommendation: Uninspired even by isekai standards. Skip it.. . Watching Black Summoner is an insulting experience. Not because of anything in particular the show does poorly, but because you become keenly aware at how little respect anyone involved in the making of this series has for the viewer. You can almost hear someone in a boardroom somewhere saying "just throw out any old slop, they'll eat it up anyway" while planning this thing. Calling this series uninspired really does not begin to cover it. It would be more accurate to say they shook loose the isekai tree and Black Summoner managed to hit every cliche on the ...
TLDR.: If you haven't seen the original, watch that instead. If you have seen the original and you're curious about this, don't bother. If you're REALLY curious, there'll probably be a few compilations on youtube you can watch about this, I'd recommend that over actually watching the show.. . The new content dragged, wasn't that great and adds almost nothing to the original show.. And the content that WAS also in the original felt... flat? Like, the original was VERY rough around the edges, don't get me wrong; but it had a charm to it. With this, it feels like they are trying to recreate the same charm, ...
This has got to be one of the worst animes I have ever watched.. . I've seen many people talk about this show so I thought I could give it a try.. . 10 Minutes into the first episode and I already wanted to quit from the cringe. The MC of this show reminded me so much of the MC in Re:Zero and I hated that mfker even dropped that show because of him. Anyways... . By the time I finished the first season I could have also finished the second season. I took way too many cringe pauses and so many times I had to pause an episode for ...
This is yet another example of why MAL scores are worthless. An 8.5 by a large number of people, yet the actual reviews are abysmal. It's like being sucked into watching the Rings of Power by fanboys artificially inflating the score and Amazon manipulating reviews by banning them from their website or selectively deleting negative ones, plus the cherry picked blurbs from review sites they use to plaster the entire internet with commercials for the $500 million turd of a show, because they need to make that money back. Yes I know I haven't said anything about the Jujutsu Kaisen movie yet, but it's so ...
After gaining some traction, the ultimate romcom with forehead girls manga made another appearance with a new series this season. While it's not really disappointing that reused content is being provided by the author in the form of everyday jokes or teenagers shyly teasing each other, my personal enjoyment after watching Soredemo Ayumu wa Yosetekuru is nowhere like how our male lead, Ayumu, enjoys being with (and of course, teasing) his senpai.. . The demographic for these types of shows are those who prefer the slow and steady rather than the blood-pumping, fast animation style shows. So no need to expect any significant plot progression, much less ...
This review is written by someone who read the source material.. . The premise of the show Hoshino no Samidare is that the world is about to be destroyed by a giant hammer. To stop the hammer, 12 people called the knights are picked by Princess Anima who fights the Mage. Each knight has a talking animal accompanying them that only the people involved are can see. Basically this set up is similar to a game, but not like in an isekai with video game mechanics.. . Basically it is a rule of cool show with cool one liners and badass moments. There is a lot we learn ...
Never have I been more intrigued by a story's premise, only to be let down harder than Rick Astley. What initially had the potential to be a great piece of entertainment ultimately flopped under its own weight, which came at the cost of my time and attention.. This movie runs for 120 minutes including credits. This movie did not feel like 120 minutes, rather it felt like binging through a weak 12-episode slice of life. It consistently had downtime in which I felt that the plot was moving fucking nowhere, which is pretty ironic considering how the whole movie is about kids trying to find their ...
Contain Spoiler. . Story : Story kinda generic, you come to new world, we dont know what happened, he got amnesia, and goddess tell ya that u sell memories for extra skill, ofc he is overpowered af, There is so many thing happened like buy slave (again can u stop this setting), etc etc. Enough fooling around, lets get to the point when i really angry about, first thing is Goddess said that you sell memories toward her, i mean all of them, but he is still remember rice, japanese culture, even game that belong to the past memory, which it should be gone at this time, ...
Shocking how so many people think this show is even good, smh why can't Japan make a proper harem and stick to a single genre not tryna mesh fantasy to try and copy it's popular predecessors. . Also Ayano or Sharon is miles better than Kisara (she ain't bad tho) but ofc first girl syndrome, and add another loli, a relative too, that will have zero chance, the absolute state of harem and romcringe. . Muh memory, yeah before it's denseness now it's that to kill progress and retcon or justify things. . 1/10. . I wouldn't recommend this show, don't bother, this type of shows needs to completely die out
"Reminisces" is a stretch. We do get to see Yuu as an adult, but they didn't do anything interesting to her character design. They just drew her with adult proportions instead of as an anime mascot. They didn't even show Shingo or the other characters. I feel like the fact that she's an adult in a few shots is a pointless tease, really.. . It looks like one of those early 2000s anime where they were experimenting with digital coloring and there isn't much going on visual-wise or story-wise. The OPs and EDs of the original show had a lot more panache than this.. . I don't dislike it. ...
I watched the first season way back when and enjoyed it, so I was stoked to find out if finally got a second season. My partner and I rewatched the first season then started on the second season, and I've got to say the second season has been a giant disappointment. It's so bad to the point I don't want to finish watching it. In my opinion, the story is basically just introducing a very annoying child just to try to force the relationship between Emi and Maou. Maybe if you go into it with low expectations, you'll enjoy it, but going into it with ...
You've seen sports anime about teens who were new to the game, and you've seen idol anime about struggling idols. But have you ever seen an anime about an entire tournament of people who are bad at BOTH?. . Because that's the concept of Extreme Hearts, both the anime and in-universe tournament. Our MC is a failed idol who joins a league of potential idol athletes where the common goal is to use the tournament's notoriety to go pro. Their world has pro athletes and pro idols without combining the two and adding weird unexplained technology, it seems like all players here NEED this tournament of losers ...
Let me save 4 hours of your life by telling you to not watch this anime. Nothing is consistent, plot is weak, barely any character development, we didn’t need that love interest at all. The last episode was by far the worst episode, the only reason I finished watching this anime was to get rid of it from both my on hold and watching.. . Furthermore, I absolutely hated the flash backs, not only were they tacky and uninteresting, they were also constantly repeated and the borders of my screen looked like crappy water colors mixed together.. . The main power ranger characters felt like a copy of ...
This anime could be a 7 if the writing wasn't so bad:. -The blond guy says shoot at the end of every sentence and everyone just laughs at everything with a super annoying laugh.. -They all cry about their problems that seem to be solved just because a friend tells him to stop being sad like bruh what is happening here.. - Let's not talk about the super gay friendship, it's ok to be gay just don't force it like that you made it look like you were trying to prove a point instead of actually creating a gay character, looked super artificial.. - ENOUGH WITH THE ANNOYING LAUGHS ...
Have u ever feels regretful after finished a series?. that's what i feels today. . come to watch this series simply because of A-1 studios, also with my free time gets a little bit expanded since i only do my final project on my undergraduate.. i watch Aldnoah Zero S1 & S2, 86, SAO, Kaguya-sama, and that experience make me feels that the studios always success to deliver some good stuff, at least at their standard that i familiar with.. that's why i had some curiosity whether this studio will continue their success to deliver good visual & animation or even fail a little bit in this show (and ...
And another one OP MC isekai. To be honest you don't even need a review for this one, you know everything already, but here we go:. -Sound. Nothing interesting.. -Visuals. Average drawing, below average CGI. I will give it credit, it is much better than most isekais use nowadays, but it still runs at half the framerate of animation, also the transitions between CGI and drawing are not really well thought.. - Plot. What plot? It is a power fantasy isekai, get transported to another world and just get yourself a harem. Cause you know, even though you behave like a log in social situations and like a ...
Extreme Piss, the Queens (or rather, Princesses) of Hearts of a formula already done before, but that it is also subpar. People just don't learn, that's the hard-and-fast rule and unfathomable truth.. . As I would like to call it, the now famous Uma Musume formula of involving sports and idoling, CGDCT style, it certainly has seen a major success incorporating such a genre that back then, didn't have a lot of competition. And CyGames definitely took advantage of that formula by being the first anime adaptation of their popular mobage game to do so, such that it was the precedent going forward. And many similar other ...
I had high hopes for X as someone who absolutely loved S1 and enjoyed Dash. But X just fell flat for me.... . X is nearly devoid of any of the magic that made S1 and Dash so great. It did have a few moments of laugh out loud comedy and cuteness that I love about this anime but it has so much pointless BS mixed in with it aswell. The Miku cameo was interesting at first but got old extremely fast. The Jashin being in debt plot point was just frustrating to watch; when it came to a climax in EP9 it just made her ...
Engage Kiss, also known as Project Engage as the very Japanese Wikipedia page calls it, since it is a mixed-media project that got an anime, a manga and an announced game at the same time, this is definitely not the first time you see something similar to a mixed-media project that works exactly this way, and if you were tuned in for the Fall 2021 season then you should have heard of Tatk Op Destiny, I think I learned that too late. So, for a short TLDR, when you give a semi-interesting plot to an insufferable cast of characters you get what Engage Kiss is.. . Shu ...
Ao Ashi dropped the ball on so many levels. From an outsider's perspective, it looked really promising but ended up being a letdown after diving into it.. . It's not a horrible sports anime but it is ridden with so many annoyances it sucks out all the fun. Well, watching Ao Ashi never really was accompanied by a high level of fun. At least for me, there was no feeling of hype or energy in the show.. . First of all, the characters. Aoi is almost a perfect cookie-cutter sports anime main character.. Pretty much an always upbeat, goody two-shoes that values friendship and camaraderie above all else. Don't ...
Shooto! When I'm with you, I can play better, because I love the way we work together! Be my gay buddy in soccer so that I can date you on the playing field! Can I? Please Shooto? PRETTY PLEASE???. . This is a prime masterpiece example of how to destroy the semblance of the original source material, and for one, Aoki Densetsu Shoot! was at least a decent 90s soccer/football show that exemplifies its existence of anime trying anything to thrive back in its heyday.. . But Goal to the Future? More like Gay to the Heartstrings, because whoever was scriptwriting this original show most likely had a penchant ...
Blah Blah power fantasy harem garbage. Main character does the things and is so much stronger than everyone else he can't be beat. No real tension, emotional impact, plot beyond "who's the bad guy of today!". Truely another addition to the pile of garbage that is the isekai genre.. . It's really sad to see show after show that has at least 1 unique story element have every trope imagineable thrown in, in an effort to make it stand out? For black summoner the story had an initially interesting angle, that the main character willingly trades his memories for power. Perhaps this could have led to him ...
Ghost Stories is a weird one, this review isn’t about the show itself but rather its English dub which should be a red-flag straight away.. Y’see, when Ghost Stories was being localized, the localisers basically had full creative control over it, since it was a very Japanese-centric show with heavy themes of Shintoism and whatnot, the chances of it appealing to a western audience were slim (also Steven Foster moment) so they made a gag dub which is praised as being supposedly “hilarious” and a go to example for Redditors defending localisation changes and English dubs.. . Thing is …it’s not that funny, don’t get me wrong, it ...
Well... to put it simply, it's a mix between "uuurgh!", "hm..." and "what the hell?!". . I don't know the game series, but I guess there the characters had at least a bit of a mysterious or interesting feeling. But here every character so far is so much simplifield, it's hard to take the plot serious. There is no tension like "Did he/sehe tell the truth?" or "Wow! Didn't saw that comig!" Instead everything is just so obvious and it's like the show doesn't even want you to think about the cases.. On top of that, most of the characters so far behave like cartoonish morons, unable to ...
Love All, No Play. Piss off.. . To wait more than a decade for a relatively unknown and underground work to get adapted, I really question who was in the right mind to green-light this project, given that there were already better alternatives like Liden Films's repertoire of badminton anime. This is novelist Asami Koseki's only work that was in Poplar Publishing (which publishes very old kids IPs from the 90s to the late 2000s) that was seralized from 2011 to 2014, and I'm just gonna assume that the sales figures for this were decent to OK (since it's "big" enough to get an anime adaptation), or ...
Watch this anime if you like a villain MC who pretty much does as he wants and wins.. . Story: A character who, can manipulate anybody, and can do anything because people, well are there to be manipulated. I don't dislike the manipulation and actions. What bothers me is that the main character does everything without any effort. people in this story are just too stupid. He is not that great, the rest are just that bad. 0 points.. . Directing: While no story is being seen here whatsoever it's still enjoyable to watch which is the director's job. 2 points. . Art: Does its job not extraordinary, not awful. 1 ...
Watch this anime if you enjoy Mecha theme and teen drama.. . Story: As much as this anime is marketed as having deep political opinions, it does not! it has some surprises here and there but they seem forced in a way so they were not engaging at least for me. The story draaaaaaaaaaags though so the material is quite limited. As for the Hero and the Heroine, you guess it, typical shonen anime, the Heroine is good because we need a good heroine and the hero is good yet harsh to the Heroine which as you could guess easily softens up to, like really easy! 2 ...
The idea of them bringing back this anime after what, 9 years immediately gave this connotation that it's gonna suck....and that's true.. . First season was fine, but the second season...is hard to watch. Firstly, the art seems like it's stuck in 2013-15, as if they finished this anime in 2015, and they decided not to release it for 7 years. While this isn't the biggest concern, it is definitely notable. Secondly, the character design and interactions....bland. There are times where it seems like the characters aren't even interested in their own story. Finally, the overall plot and story. This is the worst part. The appeal ...
This movie wasn't terrible but was not very good to say the least. First off before anything i want to mention how half of this movie is just Sword Art Online with nothing added besides some poor context.. . Now, the story of this is simply put a worse version of the Sword Art Online story that most know. It doesn't add anything substantial and when an event happens that makes you ever so slightly interested it makes a mess of what could have been ok. This movie from day dot was never going to be amazing, but i was hoping for at least something average. Although ...
Sakamoto Desu ga? has its moments, but not enough to be a truly great comedy. . Every episode has at least one or two jokes that are genuinely pretty funny, but the humour the show keeps constantly using gets dried out quickly after the first episode; The absurd situations can get you real good the first couple of times, but it gets boring from episode 2 forward. It lacks variety. Like, REALLY lacks variety.. . A better alternative which I feel like has a similar sort of humour and overall style is Saiki Kusuo No Psi-Nan/The Disastruous Life of Saiki K, it's a show with absurd humour too but ...
This was very promising in the beginning. I thought I’d finally see a well made trash mc with ill intentions and can make me laugh. Unfortunately, his plans changed and he started doing things more seriously. It got too political and relationships in the anime didn’t matter anymore. It was just war after war after war, no stopping. His ideas and execution is good but there is no break whatsoever and it just gets kinda old. People compared it to [How a realist Hero Rebuilt the Kingdom] and said it was better but I personally think that one has a good storyline and things fell ...
Normally, I don't even bother to review isekai anime as most of them are copypastas with slight tweaks of each other. However, this one hits a new type of low.. . With nothing sound- or graphics-wise to stand out, this one relies completely on its plot and characterization to shine and manages to tank both categories pretty hard. Characterization-wise, the MC's character development comes down to "Oh I realize I would've done better before I isekai'd if I had friends." Plot-wise, guy-isekai'd-into-world-and-saves-it is pretty much sums up the entire 12 episodes.. . As for the reason I bothered to write this review: The new low this anime managed ...
Cyberpunk: Edgelords is one the most soulless things I've ever seen, the series main girl is just a distasteful waifu-bait that exists solely for fanservice material, the mc is a hollow self insert who has an op ability because he is the mc, he also has a dumb and generic back story which they expect us to care about, I mean come on! We saw his mom die on episode one, in the first FIVE MINUTES of episode freaking one and we’re supposed to care and roll with our main character's newly acquired tragic fate? Yeah I don't think so.. . Op mc joins waifu bait in ...
An 8-year old could have made a show with more content and better conversations.. The same uninteresting shit every EP, one dimensional characters and the same boring Isekai world as every second anime.. I guess this show counts as an Slice of Life Isekai since there is little action, but the slice of life parts were also boring to watch.. It doesn't do any genre well. Even the Ecchi in this show feels empty and is boring.. If I want an Slice of Life Isekai there are many shows better than this.. If you want an Isekai with nudity and Powerfantasy there are better ones.. After EP6 or so ...
This anime is putrid, It is literally shameless, if you are interested in watching a sick man's fantasy about young girls getting sexually assaulted by lower life forms you are in luck. It is an unnecessary part of the plot the whole story would still make sense if the goblins were just killed their enemies. I get it is supposed to be dark, but it is an unrealistic plot point and is only added for sick people's pleasure. It would be a 0 if I could rate it so. The story is not unique and is so lame. The characters are not cool, they are ...
3/10 solely for how "decently" the first three episodes are adapted. It'd be a 1 otherwise.. . RWBY is a series that conceptually has a really interesting world and characters, but unfortunately the "writers" have no idea what to do with any of it. Even more unfortunate is the fact that these same writers are the ones who wrote this story and handed it off to a high end studio hoping they could make a miracle out of garbage.. . While the first three episodes to have a pacing problem and mostly require that you've watched the first couple Volumes of the original series to fully grasp what's happening, ...
Another summer 2022 showing us that a good idea and good art style are not enough to carry an entire show. I felt like this show had overwhelming potential -- the animation is great, the art style is very colorful and vibrant (although maybe a little prescribed), and I thought that, at first, the story could be interesting. However, it basically just turned into the same old litany that we've been hearing since 2005: "social media is bad!" "not everything you read on the internet is true!" etc. etc. Basically Babby's First 1984, except not nearly as engaging or compelling. Had this been released like ...
ok to be clear the reason i feel this fails is not the content as if giving time i feel it could of atleast had some people who liked it but this was put in what i feel was literally the worst time span that could of been picked a one episode thirty minute episode would of been better then this the 4 minute result in it feeling completely choppy and disjointed which prevents it from achieving a single thing it cant do anything with the characters only mild hints of story can be seen which is why i gave it a 2 because ...
Not really a review. More of a complaint. The other reviews already talked about the animes peak mediocracy in story, charactes, art and "fight scenes". The thing I want to talk about is how "Isekai Meikyuu de Harem wo" is morally absolutely appalling. Why do fictional works get banned ? It's simple: Because the government considers the works content to be harmful. That could be imagery, but it's usually because the ideology/thoughts in the works are harmful to some readers. Let me explain. Of the following 3 examples, wich would you consider to be problematic: A documentary work on "Jack the Ripper", A fictional story ...
Geno Studio, why, why, WHY??? Why were you chosen for this BS instead of continuing your bread-and-butter production that is Golden Kamuy? This is something I'll never comprehend.. . If this show has some resemblance that others have gone wrong, it's the word "Bakumatsu". ICYMI, Studio Deen did a 2 season, 24-episode run of Bakumatsu back in 2018 and 2019, thinking that it would help set its game-centric precedence into attention by being a sci-fi action-adventure series. IT SUCKED ASS. And 3 years later, courtesy of Kono Yo no Hate de Koi wo Utau Shoujo YU-NO and Zero kara Hajimeru Mahou no Sho's director Tetsuo Hirakawa, we ...
Buy-a-Girlfriend.. . So, before we get into the review I would like to freely admit that I LOVE degenerate, thirsty, horny ecchi anime with big anime boobs and thick thighs on my waifu’s, and impossible abs and amazing butts on my husbando’s. “Highschool DxD” and the first four seasons of “Food Wars” (the fifth season is bad) are two of my favourite ecchi series. There is a formula to making good ecchi trash which anime needs to stick by to make me want to watch or even re-watch an ecchi show. A show with good animation, likeable characters with unique personalities (ESPECIALLY for the mc), a minimisation ...
Season 2 of the same:. Isekai of a 30 something good-for-nothing-guy into a fantasy world with magic as a newborn. He keeps all his memories though. It has excellent great art design and animation, good story and lovable characters. Mostly. MC and the author behind him is a degen pedo and tries to justify it. Anime would have been at least 8/10 if it weren't for that "minor flaw".. . . . You'd have to cut out these parts so one could enjoy it. Of all the animes I've watched with questionable plot and bad production value, I'd recommend all of them together before only hinting at Moshoku. Hard pass.
Isekai of a 30 something good-for-nothing-guy into a fantasy world with magic as a newborn. He keeps all his memories though. It has excellent great art design and animation, good story and lovable characters. Mostly. MC and the author behind him is a degen pedo and tries to justify it. Anime would have been at least 7/10 if it weren't for that "minor flaw".. . . . You'd have to cut out these parts so one could enjoy it. Of all the animes I've watched with questionable plot and bad production value, I'd recommend all of them together before only hinting at Moshoku. Hard pass.
This one hurts. As a massive fan of the game I was hoping the story would finally get the adaptation it deserves as it pertains to what might just be my favourite sci-fi/alt-history world ever created and anyone who's committed the (admittedly large amount of) time to the game would surely understand. It was inevitable that at first the show would not reflect this as the story only picks up at around Chapter 8 but that is no reason to drop the ball on the first part of a narrative that certainly requires multiple seasons to be told well.. . Unfortunately, what we were instead met with ...
Don't let the name fool you. This is not a masterpiece.. My first T-Rex hentai was an excellent one, but this one... no it is not even a bad hentai:. . Story: Story side we have normal hentai story. Sex between sister/mother with brother(not blood related btw). Nothing demanding or special. EDIT: I remembered there are lots of non-sense in story too. e.g. start of episode 2 when every student is dressing like a some fantasy demon bitch.. . Art: Here goes the problem. Character design sucks. Females only have big boobs and butts. Voice are bad. Animation sucks. Colors are washed out. Not good at all.. . Scenes: Worst of all. ...
This was a pain to sit through.. The main focus of this season is a single fight between the Demon Slayers and a Rank 6 demon. The producers used 9 episodes to portray this fight, dragging it out to the point of boredom. During this long, long fight, you get the typical shitty shounen tropes: villain talks to themselves for 10 minutes; heroes that seemed like they were knocked out, out of the fight, lying in a pool of blood on the ground suddenly find more will to fight by force of friendship/love/insert other trope here, and then conveniently save their friends from certain death, at ...
At first, I thought this show could’ve benefited from an extra episode or two. Then, by the halfway point, I figured it could’ve benefited from having no episodes at all. I spoil a tiny bit in this review, but just a little bit from the first two episodes.. . Cyberpunk Edgerunners takes place in a world where everything is monetized to hell, bastardizing every social interaction and invading even the most private space, leaving crime as the only true avenue left for survival for many. It almost made me believe it was set in the modern day. Unfortunately, any meaningful criticism of capitalism stops right there, making ...
My stepmoms daughter is my ex is absolute cheeks and I feel sad to say I watched this show over 12 weeks on discord with my friends.. . This show was terrible. I felt like nothing happened the entire time. The characters had no strengths and were all flawed and stupid.. . The characters are bland as fuck. Random flashbacks and much ado about nothing. They try to make this show deep and meaningful, but it goes way over the top. With a title like this, I was expecting comedy and fun stuff to happen. Instead, I got an overly serious story that tries way too hard to ...
to those who think that the Sun shines out of this Notorius Arse... (sorry lol). good for you.. . quite astonishingly and not-all-too surprising; it is Boring.. and that could just be fine, really. but this anime does not manage to do more than that.. . plot and sub-plot (or whatever that was) are at complete disconnect with each other.. It makes no sense whatsoever, does not manage to create suspense, isn't properly resolved.. . I wouldn't care to know that there even was a game to begin with when I'm just watching,. but that seems to be required for inferring the meaning of the sub-plot, or could it ...
****SPOILERS BELOW****. . . Shounen tropes and Shoujo tropes are always at war for the number 1 position at Anime Cringefest.. Anime is very educational.. Shounen tells young boys that if you spot a 'flesh and meat' with tiddies & coochie anywhere near the diameter of your dick, this thing, for 99.9% of cases, will lack any sort of motivation or ideal other than a sole emotion called 'love' exclusive to you/your rival & remember boys, your every 'annoying' and 'get lost' = one blush which fills in half of the circumference of that thing's face. Ofcourse you're allowed to have multiple of these plushies around but it ...
*SPOILERS OBVIOUSLY. . . Funny how the manga readers argue that the manga is better but turns out it's just as bad. Anime made a few differences but they're both very below average.. . Sad how the designs were cool, the girls were doing the same kinda shit the men were doing instead of groveling on the ground 'KUN-ing' the fuck out of said MC's name but what's the point when plot and character development don't exist! I like Akame a bit tho, prolly because she's stoic & super strong idk it mostly works with these two traits together but not saying she's a good character or anything. Esdeath is ...
*BEWARE OF SPOILERS. . Okay I'll keep it short. I gave it a 5 because of the astonishingly beautiful animation and colors. Otherwise I'd give it a 1. Also, let me remind you, just because it's about swimming, doesn't mean it's a typical SPORTS anime. There are a bunch extremely hot shirtless guys that I absolutely loved staring at, being a straight woman but that's it. The ending is horrible, I get that it was meant to be wholesome friendship thingy, but the glasses guy was memed real bad. It was a complete wtf moment for me considering he's the only one I liked a little as ...
tl;dr another hentai that thinks it has plot. . Look if you're looking for a hentai the uncensored version of this is honestly good enough. But if you're looking for an actual anime you won't find one here. I honestly feel like they could've just condensed the sex scenes and marketed it as a hentai and it probably would have been more popular.. . But, if I'm to rate this as an actual show I am afraid I'll have to dock points for the absolute lack of plot, development, or any sort of point whatsoever. The only reflection that happens in this whole show is in the first 10 ...
Dear Netflix , you never cease to amaze me .. . For all of you out there who seek a honest opinion on the anime you have come to the right place , no BS promise . NO SPOILERS. . =PLOT=. . Cyberpunk ; Edgerunners is poorly executed plotwise . It is as if a 5 year old decided to create a futuristic distopic story with no cohesion whatsoever . Everything , and I mean EVERYTHING is rushed to the greatest extent possible . For instance , the first arc of the story reminds me of the Kekkai Sensen series ( a really bad rushed series ) where fights start and ...
What always made RWBY so special to me was its heart. Even if it didn’t have great production, writing, or pacing, it made up for that with raw passion. The choreography in the original RWBY is honestly unmatched to this day, which helped make up for its sometimes questionable animations. While the writing might not have always been the best, the performances from the seemingly amateurish voice actors made up for it by being able to feel how much fun they had recording their lines. And then we had the music. Jeff and Casey Lee William’s songs always hit, be it pure hype, or feelings ...
Honestly the writing is the problem, not the animations, visuals, or characters... actually there is too much characters now and its just a mess. Your not even watching the struggle of a fast-food demon king do fast food as a demon king. Its all about some BS and lack of focus on the MC characters. The baby twist is cute and fun but that dried up quick... There's no enjoyment out of the characters and after almost completing the series I've decided to drop it because it was super boring. It's all about some jewels and angel BS sprinkled in with some cute stuff far ...
Honestly blows my mind that this is one of the highest rated anime on the website. Steinsgate has possibly the worst cast of characters I have seen in an anime, one dimensional forgettable characters that are insanely unlikeable especially the protagonists who is insufferable. The concept seems kinda interesting but the plot moves at such a snails pace with such boring characters that I'm not willing to spend hours of my time waiting for the payoff (assuming there is any). . When it comes to the visuals and music the show is pretty average and the voice acting for the dub is serviceable but nothing ...
It pains me to say it but Kumichou Musume to Sewagakari is the prime example of the 'mid show'.. . The concept of found family in the yakuza environment itself is actually a great setup that can end up with a fantastic action-packed comedy. Yet, in this show, the whole part of gang life is only treated as an explanation for why Kirishima used to be a violent and cruel person and the jokes are often unfunny or even cringe.. . When I read the description of this show for the first time, I hoped it would be another entertaining thing to watch, similar to Hinamatsuri but what we ...
Sadly for many, this will be not recommended, If you're looking for a great Isekai with a good storyline, character development, exciting plots, and situations..... Look elsewhere.. . This anime has gone for the lowest common denominator in my mind and tried to do part of what Redo the healer offered us, with being almost a hentai at stages, but without the joy of at least redo the healer had a story, aims, motive, etc.. . This anime simply does as it says on the box, a harem in a labyrinth, basically, except we also wait for that harem to really appear til the last episode so suddenly really, ...
The epitome of massive media marketing. No substance but the appearance quality is very good. The VAs especially Anya are so appealing and amazing. There's no story, to be honest here. This is a RomCom anime so as long as you don't expect too much you probably would enjoy watching it. The comedy side of it is also a joke. To my understanding, the budget for this anime might have been spent like this: 65% marketing, 20% 10% production, and 5% for the rest( story, etc...). Not a good anime at all but because there's so much advertisement for it and also Anya who is so ...
Watch it if you enjoy action scenes and high-quality graphics. Watch it if you like marvel/DC and all the other blockbuster movies.. My Hero Academy started a new era in the Anime industry. The era of looks but no substance. The era of no conviction is needed because a hero needs to be a hero and a villain simply is a villain. The honest score for this anime is 6, however, I gave it 3 because it showed the industry how to be mainstream and how to print money without trying too hard. The formula is otherworldly animation and VA and that's all there is ...
The controversial show of the season, Isekai Meikyuu de Harem falls under "how is this not a Hentai?". . It consists of a guy that gets transported into the usual Isekai world with UI's, barely explained power systems and slavery.. . The slavery part is the most controversial one because unlike other Isekais with slavery, the guy actually has sex with his slaves.. . There is a dungeon (which has less animation budget allocated than 7 deadly sins season 3), there are some barely explained systems and then you have the sex (which tbh has very good animation).. . Conclusion: This could have been a good Hentai but for some reason it ...
If you're looking for a great and worthy story, you will find none here. Tokyo revengers, however, is a true Shonen anime. A pop culture anime if you will. An anime to print money, not one which will be remembered. it is basically made for a young audience. Not at all recommended though if you're on the mature side.. . 1. Story: The story brings shame to the anime industry. The shallowness in the story is unbelievable. The MC (the weakest mc I've seen) decides to change faith for his love and later on his friends. How self-centered can he be that nobody else is even ...
Is it just me that found that this season felt very pointless... I truly enjoyed the first season! It had great character development and you got to see this unique relationship that grew from it. We got to learn more about each of the main characters and that was great.. . This season on the other hand felt like it was not really doing anything in regards to character development. It felt like the second season was just season one part two with little to no development. I think they might have phones it in on this season. The first second really did have all the ...
I would rather to watch a concert than to watch this. Not worth the time and money. The Visual Effect and CGI is indeed great, but the song is just too much. The writers just magically cramped the movie so it fits 5-6 songs (literally a single album) in one movie.. . And then, in the end, they put 2 more "sad theme" song to baited audience's emotional after crappy one hour. Yeah, it's right, they ended literally song movie (I prefer to called it like that rather musical movie), with more SONGS with DIFFERENT EMOTION. So, literally minutes ago we got energetic happy song, and ...
This is essentially a worse version of Aharen-san depending on how much you like cringe romance scenes.. . Much like Aharen-san wa Hakarenai, Soredemo Ayumu wa Yosetekuru features a stoic male lead alongside a loli female lead that's sort of slice of life romance with comedy sprinkled in. While side characters differ a lot, the main characters, especially of course, the male leads, that it's hard not to make comparsions.. . The problem is focus. 90% of this show is focused on romance, maybe even 95%, while 5% is focused on slice of life content and comedy. It's really so skewed towards rom-com setups and dialogue that there's basically ...
One word. Shit.. . In all honestly, the first 3 episodes were passable. I'm sure anyone reading this has seen an isekai since they get released 5 times a year like they're the McDonald's of anime but for the few that haven't, the start is the same, a socially awkward loser guy ends up getting trapped in a fantasy world. It seems to be common trope for said protagonist to become a complete Mary Sue in this new world, however I credit this anime for not falling into the same trap, or at least right off the bat. Naofumi and 3 other guys become heroes of this ...
I am disappointed in how this turned out... The Characters feel like the same people and you learn a little bit more about Gojo and Getou and how they are related to one another. I always did feel like we knew little to nothing about the villian and this movie did shed some light on that character. But that is where the good points end for this movie..... . While i was expecting a lot more from the movie considering the backstory it already has, it did not meet my expectation. The main protagonist is quite boring and his character arc is so uneventful, let's not even ...
Recommendation: Skip it.. . It can be hard to evaluate shows and movies that are in full CGI because, to be perfectly honest, a lot of them look like garbage and it's hard to look past that and evaluate the film that lies beneath the surface. There is no such problem with Bright: Samurai Soul, which has little substance and is simply going through the motions in every aspect of its existence. Aside from the visuals, there is nothing necessarily "wrong" with the rest of the film, but it's a basic adventure story with little to recommend, and the lackluster visuals simply take it down from being ...
I never watched a strange series, at least better than domestic girlfriend.. Here is my thought :. . Story 3/10. No comment but not that great and also not enough plot.. They meet up during middle school at library and broke up graduation in middle school and etc.. . Art 8/10. Art very good it seems they put good effort at least.. . ...
In my life there has only been a handful of times that I have regretted something. And this can easily be in the top 5. It just tries to be the most generic anime one could ever come across. Every time I watch an episode I get the feeling, why doesn't the author ever try to put something new that isn't already there in other anime.. . Let me explain the story in few words. We have the male lead Mizuto kun and female lead Yume san, they used to date back in middle school and broke up due to some crazy misunderstanding. If you actually manage ...
Putting it really shortly, basically its the polar opposite of interspecies reviews, which was done by the same studio. Opposite in the sense it takes everything that was good about that show, and makes it worse in every way possible.. . The good : h scene quality. Usually made with rather high budget... But even that's somewhat spoiled by the situation, horrible character writing and overall awkward feeling set in said situations.. .... . AND THAT'S IT.. . The bad : pretty much EVERYTHING else. Near complete lack of story. EXTREMELY shallow and generic characters. There's basically just 4 of them btw, with the last one appearing only in the second half ...
Welcome back to another episode of 'Why didn't they make this a Hentai?' This anime season we have Isekai Meikyuu de Harem wo, a show where it entirely revolves around sexy slaves or killing things to earn money. There's another 20% or so of the show that is strictly world building (which would make for a fantastic MMORPG rather than an anime).. Overall, the story progresses very slowly which has the positive of incremental success and the feeling of progression (also a good thing for a MMORPG) but the downside of causing the show to drag on for a while. The main poster for the ...
Isekai Meikyuu de Harem wo is the ecchi anime series this season that might as well be a hentai. This show is the opposite of what I felt when watching Shuumatsu no Harem, with that anime I was expecting some kind of dumpster fire that I would not enjoy watching it, but after seeing the plot and finding it interesting I could not do more than to think “this series would be better without sex”. This series is the opposite, when I saw the plot I thought “add more sex, this is painful to watch” because I honestly came to this series expecting uncensored anime ...
The series is a heinous adaptation with nothing to comment on other than its fanservice. The story is terrible, the characters are dull, and some of the art looks hideous to look at when it's not focusing on the fanservice and specific scenes. I hate how people call the MC a man who gets his priorities straight while for me, he is being an awful self-insert with the laziest lore to pay attention to.. . Story? There is no story. It's another copy-paste isekai with the most generic-looking guy with his bangs almost forming the horns of a devil, considering this is a guy who wants to ...
Tsurekano is this season’s generic romcom and doesn’t really do anything to distinguish itself from any of the others that came before it. Nothing in the series is original or refreshing, it’s a stale/bland copy pasta of anime tropes.. . When the previews came out, I distinctly remember people talking about how the show would be wholesome and cute, and while I will certainly agree that the show is not nearly as degenerate as the title would have you think and there are occasional cute moments, it’s still just another mediocre rom com that introduces a best girl only for her to lose. The MC and his ...
–Spoiler Free Compact Review–. . We’ve hit a new low. Mamahaha no Tsurego is a rip-off of the infamous show “Domestic girlfriend”- but worse. For those who don’t know this story is about how ex couples become siblings. As bad as it sounds there are some aspects which I enjoyed, and some I didn't.. . Story 4/10: The story is bland and quite shallow. The comedy is underwhelming and cringe. This show lacks any form of storytelling and substance. If I had to say one good aspect of this show it would be that it's an easy bingley show late at night due to its second rate nature. ...
Those who are expecting some cool magic animations and fight scenes are not allowed in this anime please go back to your shows do not come here it because i am fully dissappointed of this anime after watching a long waiting to till the end but find nothing here ,. . it is smell really boring, it breaks of our curiosity, all expectations were burst in this anime ,this story didn't have an ending and not even have a explainable version please don't expect anything from this anime ,it just anime adaptation that's all i not even sense a story of that smiling in all episodes that ...
Not the best plot or characters. . In fairness I watched this with the expectation that it would be seasonal anime fodder but to get one thing clear it doesn't have good comedy in it, as the comedy which I sat through was incredibly stale due to the dynamic of the 2 main characters and what the anime is about. So if anything the show is more of a slice of life with disappointing romance put in it which sadly doesn't carry the show. As a matter of fact the only thing that does the anime any justice is the half decent art style used in it.. But ...
Recommendation: An interesting premise goes to waste. You can safely skip it even if it looks intriguing to you on paper.. . What a disappointment. Stripped to the essentials, the plot seems promising. A gamer that can beat any dating sim has to use his skills to make women fall for him IRL. All I can say about that is that the plot really does not exist. Each main girl is conquered in sequence over the course of 2 episodes and is then never seen again in the story, with no continuity between any of the sections. It reminds me of a bad VN adaptation from the ...
Sniff, sniff. What's that I smell? Mediocrity? Boringness? From a mobage adaptation that only exists to sell its IP in Japan and not the West? Hmm, smells about right of a rotten egg.. . The motive of mobage adaptations is to sell its narrative to fans, but this poses a big problem. 99% of the time, the mobages are region-locked so people elsewhere will not get to enjoy what it has to offer, but often at times this is counter-intuitive that the adverse effect is stronger than all the marketing effort has to offer. And in this season, the only mobage adaptation this season that's in the ...
My Stepmom's Daughter is my Ex has aroused some intriguing things in the community. People cite it as one of the well-written fiction while others are disgusted by the content it dishes out. With the premise being similar to Domestic Girlfriend, the characters don't go over the line and spark controversy this time.. . What's the story? It goes around the new life of middle school exes who cannot get away from each other, thanks to the parents being irrelevant with their only purpose being a plot device. So, prepare yourself for a ton of incest fanservice, along with their teenage bickering. Eventually, they go to high ...
Watching My Stepmom's Daughter is My Ex reminds me of the time when I was forced to stay for detention because I made a mistake in class. The real question to ask is if My Stepmom's Daughter is My Ex is a mistake. Yes, it damn right it is.. . Based on the novels of the same name, you don't need a vivid imagination to see how our two main characters used to have a history together. It's simple as it gets: they used to be a couple. As fate would have it, Mizuto and Yume would reunite again due to their parents' martial status. The show ...
It should be illegal for a crappy game adaptation to have such good animation and visuals.. . I guess I don't have anything else to say. This show is boring. Outside of the beautiful visuals, backgrounds, scenery, and fluid movement is basically nothing. It's generic CGDCT stuff with some small edgy stuff that doesn't seem to really impact the actual storyline. What a waste of production.. . I wish I could say more, but what can I say about four generic girls in a generic magic academy doing generic girl stuff? I guess if I really had to give an impression on the characters, Little Alberta reminds ...
"My name is Sakamoto Yayoi! I love comedy!" Me too, Sakamoto. Me too. Too bad this is one of the most unfunniest shows I've watched.. . It's sad, really. Characters are vibrant, and they have great design. They pop out, and not in a super cliche'd way for the amount of characters and time spent on them. Voice acting in the manzai isn't half assed, and the animation is actually pretty good.The OP is good. The visuals are a great pair to the manzai, and so are the facial expressions, and I think that's one of the most important things when animating comedy. It's not just people ...
This is like the most generic "fluffy" anime ever.. . You know how the only thing that differentiates between this show and like the million other "fluffy" shows is that this show is supposed to have like, yakuza involved? Now, I'm not a yakuza, and I'm not a yakuza expert, but I imagine that the interactions shown here are not how Yakuza behave.. . Just like Nisekoi and the million other yakuza-themed shows, despite people being yakuza, you're supposed to distinguish that the yakuza that the MC belongs to are "the good guys." Good yakuza exist guys! The other point is that it's such a shallow theme. ...
Review imported from Letterboxd. . From an outside perspective, Atsuko Ishizuka's "Goodbye, Don Glee's!" Seems like a far more atmospheric version of Rob Reiner's 1986 "Stand by Me". . My perspective, comes from a man who spends 15$ on a ticket to an hour and a half film, classified as a "Special Event" past...special event my ass.. Even as an avid Japanese cartoon enjoyer I find myself rarely getting to experience the luxury of the big screen, with minimal thought I purchased myself a ticket, I truly thought "Don Glee's" was going to be something special, let me tell you why.. Atsuko Ishizuka is a director that touches the connection between ...
