Meh. I was looking for more fan service than this, but it seems as the season goes on there is more and more actual plot, which is kinda mid. I think the monster villains were pretty cool, but there are alternative "neutral villains" and the basic monsters are pretty boring.. . Also the girls running over the MC and making him clean and cook gets old pretty quickly. The MC almost always seems to be in a "male worker" outfit. I guess it's the main premise of the show, that the MC is a "slave", but in the combat scenes the MC seems to be a pretty ...
GS S1 had been a lot of fun. I remember watching it and getting disappointed that the S2 wasnt out yet. However, S2 had been a disappointment so far. Not finished it yet. Idk if I have the strength to do so.. . I get it, "character development (CD)" is important, but to what extent? I have seen all these reviews saying s2 was good for this reason, but, CD works only if there was an actual progress to the story. The episodes felt like filler content leaning towards "Feel good" kind of genre.. . I understand that writing a negative review when only I am "almost done" with ...
Ah, this show had so much potential: Unique and beautiful animation, interesting concept, a very cool vibe, the main character Kei is intriguing. He keeps track of his "friends" in his phone as "Friend 1," "Friend 2," etc., lol, because he is quite the sociopath. He has only one friend, to whom he no longer speaks because it would be a detriment to his social standing at school to do so, but when the shit hits the fan, that friend is the only person who's there for him, and Kei ends up making an incredible sacrifice inspired by him. Is Kei managing to break through ...
Out of the four Sound! Euphonium movies, Our Promise: A Brand New Day is the only one that actually progresses the story for the main character’s of this series. The first two films were compilation movies of Seasons 1 and 2, Liz and the Blue Bird is a side story, and now we finally have this movie which focuses on Kumiko’s second year at Kitauji High. I know I’m super late to this series, but when I heard that the entire second year would be covered in one feature-length film, I was definitely worried. I had a few concerns that I had with how the ...
Was this show amazing? No. Was it worth a watch? I think so.. The Wrong Way To Use Healing Magic is one of the new more common types of shows that air nowadays, with a small amount of weekly episodes. If you didn't watch it while it was releasing like I did, I can see this being something you'd watch on the weekend or even a single day. If you're going to breeze through this, I think it will make it even more enjoyable.. . I'm going to use the MAL ranking system to make my reviews easier to look back on for myself, so here we go.. . STORY: ...
Cherry Magic! Thirty Years of Virginity Can Make You a Wizard?! Is about a man who started to read people’s mind because he’s still virgin at 30 years old and with this ability he learns that the ultra handsome,talented,funny,hard working colleague is ready in love with him on a crazy level. We watch him try to understand he’s feeling and situations that happens because he can read minds.. . Where do I begin…I was actually excited for this one because for a reason Imost yaoi that gets adapted are bad somehow the studios choose the worst option possible. They have very problematic age gaps, strange relationships,power imbalances ...
Intro - The second line of the anime name gives the overview of what the plot planned.. Story -. The plot and characters are interesting. Multiple interesting characters exist in the anime.. The main character was given some backstory and depth.. But the pace is highly uneven in middle episodes. Almost seems like a drag.. The amount of story covered in this season is low. They could have made the season longer or covered more chapters.. Somehow they managed to make it entertaining in the last 3-4 episodes. (And the first 3 or so eps are good).. The action and humor sequences are enjoyable.. . The upcoming season looks promising but it all ...
You notice the familiarity with Kouta Hirano's "Hellsing", the style, the gags, the themes.. STORY:. • The story itself is relatively generic as far as concepts go, perhaps the fact of bringing people who existed is what causes a stir; otherwise, it would have been one of the usual military, historical anime.. . THEMES:. • the greatest leaders of various eras gathered together in a parallel world. I would say, a little patriotic given that the 3 protagonists are Japanese, even if it's plausible, after all, who wouldn't praise the stories of their compatriots?. • the gags about St. Germain and his gay subordinates surprised me at first and made ...
“To Your eternity” is what happens when You think too much about the idea of tabula rasa.. . One day a mysterious being casts an orb onto earth. In the beginning it takes shapes of a rock and moss. As time goes on a white wolf dies on it. In response the orb takes the wolf’s shape and becomes conscious and from that moment its main purpose is to travel the world, collect experiences and learn more about itself and the world it now inhabits. It meets new people and learns from them about what it means to be human and alive.. . Because the show swaps characters regularly ...
For people who have already read the Manwha and are curious about the animation, Episode 5,6 and 11,12 are my recommendations. You get the best of the anime there. For everyone else, give it a 3 episode rule and see if you vibe with it.. . The most popular Manwha out there, the Power Fantasy of Power Fantasies. I read and finished the Manwha and it was a fun ride. Though by no means I'll call it a masterpiece for art is more to it than just flashy power trips and Solo Levelling suffers greatly from cardboard characters and paper thin personalities. However, the anime is not ...
The concept of the story is interesting and uncommon for a romance, I mean mind reading because you’re a 30 year old virgin? absurdly funny. I just wish the story were executed better. I mean there was so much to unpack with adachi’s power. How does he know the power is linked to his virginity? We also see (spoiler) — his friend eventually acquire the power himself so does that mean this happens to everyone who is a 30 year old virgin as well in this world? —. . Anyways, the show was silly at first and I appreciated that the characters were pretty mature when it ...
Throughout this series, I found myself involuntarily doing a few things (not in any particular order, some more than others):. 1) Looking away from the screen because of really, really suggestive content. 2) Seesawing between incest and not-incest. 3) Thinking to myself, "The hell did I just see?". . It's a pretty normal anime with some highly suggestive sexual elements in it. and my gods it took me so long to realize that there wasn't going to be any incest (at least in the anime, I haven't read the manga. Yet). Would it surprise you guys if I was disappointed that there wasn't any incest? Sure its wrong and inappropriate, ...
The manga was already restrained and had little focus on fan service, but the anime significantly increased censorship, deeply committing to political correctness, which is disappointing. Furthermore, the tone of the world presented does not align with the apocalyptic atmosphere.. . In a scenario where the natural order is established, certain everyday themes should be addressed without restrictions, especially in a work aimed at an adult audience, as it should be in this case. Even in the manga, there was a noticeable reluctance to explore sexual themes, although it made sense in the apocalyptic context. The creators seem to fear criticism and labeling, resulting in moments of ...
Best described as a mashup of SAO and Gantz. Some incredibly stellar fight animation, like seriously stylish!. . Which makes it all the more incredible that these fights can be made tedious by a main character that narrates every moment of fights in video-game terms. Nothing takes you out of the action like a character stopping to literally read character stats and skill names off a screen. But self-narration isn’t enough to encompass what a bad*** the protagonist is… We also need side characters too exist for the sole purpose of commenting on how strong and skilled the protagonist is. For such a gory anime, the ...
Both individual growth and personal relationships develop through frequent communication and interaction with others. The primary focus of Classroom Of The Elite III explores action, or the lack of it, and the effect it has on people. As such, the foundation heavily relies on the character writing to carry the weight. However, the adequate quality of writing does not fully justify the mediocre standard set by other categories, such as animation, art, and music, despite having some genuinely interesting themes. Expect a good understanding of interpersonal connections and relatable character struggles, hindered by the lack of expected enhancements in the presentation from the source material.. . “Those ...
As an anime, I think it delivers, but as an adaptation, it leaves something to be desired. From start to finish, events were omitted that, in my opinion, are dispensable but enriched the story and its characters. In the last episode, the episode where I expected a strong conclusion, it felt like they wanted to cover everything, albeit very superficially. That said, the closing song is GREAT.. . As a follower of the story, I'm still hoping for a good comeback for the project. Yes, there will always be omitted scenes or changes because it's a different medium from the novel, but it can be enjoyed with ...
Firstly, the title is completely misleading, the main character is nowhere near a "villainess" and doesn't even try to take it easy, not something that takes away from the anime but it is something to point out about it.. The animation style fits the story, but it could have more of a espectacle in a lot of important moments in order to make more of an impression, it feels like quite lazy animation that won't be memorable.. Story overall is fun to see how things go but nothing that would make you feel like you can't wait for the next episode, depending on what preferences you have ...
Hitorijime My Hero embarks on a sort of dual narrative journey. The series endeavors to dissect themes of belonging, forbidden love, and and self-discovery. We learn about the life of a high schooler grappling with the complexities of rekindled friendships and emerging feelings, and another student who finds unexpected guidance and love in his relationship with his friend’s older brother.. . The first storyline revolves around a close friendship tested by unspoken affections and conflicting emotions. However, this relationship dynamic uncomfortably broaches the topic of being compelled into a sexual orientation or rushed into coming out this raises concerns about consent and mutual respect. While the ...
Ao no exorcist is a good anime but unfortunately it has the time factor against it.. . The anime begins by proposing a scenario to generate a macro conflict. The whole issue of the Illuminatis, due to the conception that one has of conspiracy theories, imagines that it will be a very dangerous organization on a global scale in collusion with governments. Unfortunately, at least in this season, the macro ended up being something micro. The entire confrontation takes place in a small facility in some small city in Japan. Thanks to the small magnitude, the true danger of this new organization cannot be measured.. . The best thing ...
This anime has many good things, but in one way or another it manages to generate rejection.. . Undead Unluck is a rollercoaster of likes and dislikes. The work is designed so that, regardless of your preferences, you find one or two elements that capture your attention. At the same time, since it wants to cover more topics than it can handle, you will inevitably also encounter elements that will make it difficult for you to move forward with the story. Some decisions and devices used in the story seem more like a cry of "Please look at me again" than trying to tell a meaningful story.. . The ...
Imagine, if you will, that Michael Bay decided to make a movie adaptation of Exkaiser. Now imagine that, in addition to the usual Bay staples (explosions, lots of military vehicles, Christian references, oversexualization of female characters), this movie is light-hearted, self-referential, and intensely homoerotic. Such is Bang Bravern, the first TV anime directed by legendary animator Masami Obari in over a decade.. . Without a doubt, Bravern is one of the better seasonal anime in recent memory -- probably the best one since Reconguista in G from a decade ago. However, like a lot of the better seasonal anime, Bravern's story is more suited to a ...
For context, I'm writing this after re-watching the series after watching the first half of the second series.. I will preface this by saying I like this anime overall however for Season 1 it is a poorly executed adaptation, so much so that Season 2 had to go back and try and fix many of the things that Season 1 messed up.. . Overall the series is fun, it has interesting concepts that allow it to stay fresh and stand out from the masses, the characters are likable, however season 1 doesn't give enough time to develop them, this is a common issue with season 1, it doesn't ...
Delusional Monthly Magazine - "Mo~~~ Over Scientific!" Yeah, you've just knocked yourself off that one.. . Created by Ichigo Umatani, Gekkan Mousou Kagaku a.k.a Delusional Monthly Magazine is like a nostalgic trip back to your usual 2000s Weekend Morning cartoons being made for kids who don't care about the plot, they just want to see adventure and justice being served to the evil party. That's it, that's the plot.. . Think of this show like Dora the Explorer, or in game terms, one of my all-time favourite action-adventure game shows: Nickelodeon's Legends of the Hidden Temple. The show's plot about otherworldly people living normal lives on Earth, the only ...
Oh boy. I'm not even sure I can write a sensible review about what I have witnessed on this one. I've seen some heavy fanservice anime before but THIS... this is something else.. . Story: Gushing over Magical Girls doesn't really have much of a story to speak of because you're not "really" watching it for that anyway. The basic gist of it is that Utena, who is obsessed with her town's three magical girls, gets recruited by Venalita to be an evil magic girl. Utena transforms, and Venalita basically blackmails her with her embarrassing transformation sequence and that's the basis of Utena ...
Each episode of this show feels shorter than it is. For the first six episodes, that's because they're so great and fun that time flies by. For the last seven, it's because so little happens that you can't believe it was stretched into an entire episode.. . The first six episodes of this ecchi anime are excellent. The final seven (with a slight exception for episode 12) are plain bad.. . The show's beginning episodes each craft a tight story with equal parts hilarious comedy, cozy slice of life feels, short and snappy battles, and of course, flagrant ecchi. Each episode flaunts new fetishes / kinks, powered by the ...
Delving into "Shinobi no Ittoki," I find myself grappling with mixed emotions. The anime initiates with promising vigor, yet falters in its subsequent development. While the inception exhibits potential, the progression soon reveals an unfortunate decline. Characters, initially poised for intrigue, deteriorate into lackluster personas, the plot losing its grip amidst scattered and uninspired elements. In essence, it falls short of the mark, failing to attain the heights it initially hinted at. There's a fleeting sense of amusement and curiosity, but regrettably, it's not enough to rescue the production from its shortcomings.. . The premise introduces Ittoki Sakuraba, a character thrust into a world of secrecy and ...
This show was far too overhyped and lacked in its final delivery. I was expecting much, having watched Kaguya-sama, from the same mangaka. However, this series just fell flat. I didn't like how it turned into your average highschool harem show, because we have a million of those already. It didn't really develop on the genre much, and could have played up the unique setup far better. Instead it dwelled too much on high-school drama. It also went too far in depicting the male lead as the perfect person, never making mistakes and always making the correct predictions and calculations.
It's difficult to watch these episodes because their displaced from their chronological positions within the other episodes. They came out far later than the original 1st season so I have a tough time remembering what was happening at any given time of the episodes from this special.. . Because each episode is far different in timeline from the subsequent one, they have no flow between the episodes. It's like watching little 20 minute short films about the character, but in a confusing manner.. . If you really like the series, you may enjoy this special season. If you have a list to work off of ...
For the Rikka Takarada fans the title should be Rikka Rouge. The MC Rouge Redstar has the same VA (Yume Miyamoto) with Rikka Takarada (SSSS Gridman). If you are fan of Rikka, then this will be a great motivation to keep on watching. The voice is so similar that if you look away from monitor and only listen to MC voice you will feel it is Rikka. So, this is Rikka as MC in another universe with similar personality but with less attractive figure (I like Red Rouge and she is the reason I keep on watching but obviously she is less attractive when compared ...
There is no better word to describe this anime than: Average.. . After watching all its chapters, I wouldn't say that it has good things to highlight, but I can't say that it has bad things to point out either. The work fulfills the purpose of entertaining, but does not seek to go further or win your affection. The story points out the theme of "existential evolution" as a phenomenon to which we must pay attention, but after a few chapters even the anime itself forgets. He decides to skip evolution and instead focus on the protagonist's capabilities.. . Rent Faina has no charisma at all. He has experience ...
The anime has a really strong start, finally an isekai without all the questionable tropes of harem and sexualized children. It had great potential however its so freaking boring, nothing is happening, zero action. Im 8 episodes in and there was no serious battles, no real risk, just a lot of talking... Alot of it. We haven't seen the other two heroes develop nor do we really see the MC do anything, the healing aspect is mundane, just touch with green glow and its healed. Im waiting for the Battle to start and this better not be a let down like the past six episodes ...
Score: 5 - More of the same, but worse.. . Nothing in this season has stood out to me at all in any other way than it just not being as good as the previous two seasons.. . The reveal of Ayonokoji's true past and a completely one-sided and uninteresting rivalry between him and Class A's leader does not do much for the story. The same can be said for Horikita's relationship with her brother which started out with an initial insane introduction and then deflated into nothing across three seasons, giving her some arbitrary growth but keeping her annoying personality. I can respect them for ditching the ...
The anime is about an artist girl living in Florence and her struggles as a female. The story is somewhat unique and it has the general art style of the most animes.I started it because of the genre and because it takes place in Renaissance times but every single episode is focused on Arte (the main character) being a girl and still doing labour, art etc. I wouldn't normally mind the daily struggles of being a girl shown in anime but having this for 12 episodes was too much even for me. If you like cheerful and hardworking characters overcoming the struggles in every ...
I will be honest, this was a disappointment.. . I read the story (multiple times) and I was looking forward to see it happening in an anime, but they butchered the story and the characters a lot resulting in an incoherent and messy story that could've been soo much better.. . If I had to describe how this anime feels, then I would see it feels like watching a Hollywood adaptation of a beloved anime.. . Look, the new story isn't bad. It's passable.. But is that what you want from an anime?. . I do recommend this anime simply because it's pretty unique, but I recommend reading the story more.
Oohh boy.. this one was a doozy. It's one of those animes that really, truly blur the lines between what is considered an anime and what can be considered a hentai. Now, while I might've given this a "Mixed Feelings" regarding on whether I'd recommend this to people or not, I want to preface this first by saying that I gave this an 8/10 rating. The reason why it's a "Mixed Feeling" is pretty much already obvious.. . People who are used to the usual tropes of anime aren't gonna mind this anime and its antiques. It knows what it's doing and it does it very well. ...
Let's get this out of the way first. Whether you like Mahou Shoujo ni Akogarete or not ultimately depends on one thing: whether you can tolerate the characters being 14 or not. If you are NOT comfortable with them being underage, this is not a show for you. There's nothing wrong with that, but I'm saying this upfront as it's the most contentious part of the show.. . For those of you who are okay with it: you're in for one heck of a ride.. . MahouAko's anime adaptation is a mixed bag, speaking as a manga reader. Let's go over the bad points first:. . - The story is ...
To put it simply, you could call that Anime an adult version of Isekai de Cheat Skill wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Genjitsu Sekai wo mo Musou Suru: Level Up wa Jinsei wo Kaeta, since it tries to mix different stories together. The main difference is that Sasaki is not only more matured but also smarter - which is realistic for an old guy with some more experience. However, that doesn't mean it's better.. . basically we have like 3 different story plots which are mixed while also feeling more like just a slice of life show:. - Sasakis travel to another world thanks to his new ...
By this point you know what you’re going to get with these You Zitsu seasons. Good to great experience for anime onlies and an awful experience for fans of the source material. YZ season 3 is more of the same. If you’ve enjoyed the series to this point and are presumably anime only, you’ll love season 3. It covers the climax and conclusion of the first school year and has some of the hypest moments in the story. If you’re like me, a LN reader you’ll find this to be another abomination from Lerche and at this point are probably just watching to see ...
I like this show, the premise is interesting, a slow cooking self-improvement and reflection on self course on how to approach life as a gamer for our MC. But I don't know if it's me or just the vibe of the second season was a bit off sometimes, a bit awkward I'd say, with a pinch of forced events here and there that made some episodes out of touch, yet the outcome in the end for every event was acceptable.. . It's like when you start with ingredients to prepare a dish, but you somehow end up with another dish entirely, but it's still edible.. Was that enough for ...
I dont know like how to explain this but this season felt kind of disappointing and last episode was somewhat off compared to others but still cote legacy is there so i guess i go with a rating of 8. story was unique as always but like it was too predictable and aynokouji was especially somewhat bad looking but other character were very good expecially ichinose and horikita. it was realistic as always studying in school where you can experience dirty adult world and shit. i have somewhat mixed feeling after watching so many good anime past years and this year
I'll keep this review short. There were many things that I would like to address, but I figured it would be best to keep it simple.. . At first glance, I disliked how CoTE put up a facade that wanted to appear smart with the promises of psychological warfare and used dirty tactics just to get more merit over the other. Until then, I have reached the point where I enjoyed the journey of what the 1st year saga has to encapsulate. The anime's story, in its own right, is not bad. Of course, there is some downtime that could have been removed for more quality character ...
Doctor Elise: The Royal Lady with the Lamp - A Florence Nightingale-inspired series, though the Lamp moniker does not come out until much later.. . Over the years, we've come to expect that only Japanese works will have much influence on both its home country and the West. Not anymore. Nowadays, with both Chinese and Korean works from web novels to Webtoons, they have become THE hot property for potential adaptations all across the board, and you only need to look at one example of the latter to see why: this season's Solo Leveling, written by author Chugong and based on one of the hottest Korean manhwa ...
It is dull, uninteresting, and extremely overrated.. . At first it felt truly remarkable, because it had a certain beauty to its characters, world-building, and atmosphere. But after a couple of episodes it starts to become a drag, mainly because the slice of life element, the dull character interactions, and childish humor. The main theme of a couple of episodes felt even pointless, more like a filler, than an actual episode of story-telling, that would kept the progress of the anime going. The other problem with the show is that the main characters are just awfully written, at first though it felt completely different but over ...
"Villainess Level 99" should've been a masterpiece, but it turned out to be good instead.. . Honestly, this series was really disappointing, and not in the way that it is overall bad, but it just felt like it had much more potential than what it concluded with.... . What I mean is: Characters don't really have very much characterization, and the plot feels a bit skewed.. . 1. Characters don't really have very much characterization:. The entire plot tries to focus around the next hero's party, which makes sense why they would work towards that because the plot proclaims that the demon king will attack. The problem with this isn't the ...
This was the anime I watched that left me with the most mixed feelings. How can they do something so good and so bad at the same time? Even though I really like the production company Jumondo, for the work of art that is Acchi Kocchi, in this one they did a medicore job.. Not saying that the anime is bad, far from it, but it is a tremendous lost potential. I don't know if I can complain too much since they took milk from stone. They took an unknown light novel and did a very decent job, the sad thing is knowing that the anime ...
The first season of this anime was way better than i expected. It drew me in with an intriguing premise and had me locked in with above average animation quality which surprised me.. . Season 2 however is just straight ass compared to season 1 in every single way horribly slow pacing and so many gags in each episode that aren't even funny. It just seems like the episodes are being dragged out for no reason and I'm thinking maybe they are saving the animation quality for some fight scenes later into the season but I'm 12 episodes into the second season and this piece of garbage ...
This would have been a solid 8/10 until episode 10 or 11. It's a shame they decided to rush through the ending and make this a one-off season, because this had really good potential for most of the show.. . word count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword count fillerword ...
The promises this anime shows us in the first episode are the reason it disappoints us.. . Animation: Really unique and beautiful style, the first episodes have good animation, but by the mid and end of the anime it's below average.. Plot: It has a really good start, but doesn't develop properly and ends with a lot of unanswered questions and doesn't focus on interesting aspects of her previous experiences. Basically the plot development is extremely cliché due to the character's personalities.. Character development: Very poor. I would dare to say that only the male lead's brother had actual character development. The female lead, despite being older than her ...
Love it for the fact that it's a slice of life romance that properly portrays disabilities.. Hate it for the fact that the romance is poorly developed and the plot has nothing interesting to keep you watching.. . Animation: Awesome, but doesn't save the anime.. Plot: What plot? We don't really have ups and downs, nor real challenges, nor real antagonists.. Character development: Very poor due to the fact that we don't have a proper plot to develop the characters!. Romantic development: Also poor, only the heroine really holds the romantic plot, because the male lead's personality is "too mysterious" for us to actually identify with his feelings.. . Overall: It's simply hard ...
IF YOU HAVE LIMITED TIME TO WATCH ALL THE AWESOME ANIME YOU DESIRE, SKIP THIS ONE.. . Fair anime to spend time in. However, I found the ending too hurried. It's like having the first episodes too slow and realizing the need to catch up on the plot by the end.. . Watching this on a weekly basis was fun and I was always looking forward to it every Tuesday. However, if I'd be critical, I guess this anime is standard OP trope but with an oblivious girl protagonist in a little romance/adventure story. Animation was not it's strong suit, and I think if it were to have ...
so you like shounin - ggs fam its perfectly fitting for that .. . now iif you have stumbeld upon the very unpopular series naruto, bleach or dragon ball - well dont woprry because this is exactly that just mashed up.. . now for the positives first : amazing animation, brilliant fight scenes and deccent character design visually and personality wise. (unoriginal buit decent for shounen). . as for the less positive stuff - this show reminded me so much of Naruto ( just makeing it pegi 15 instead of 12) it hurt- the bad duds are so damn exchangable and have no sort of personality to t hem (imo), ...
This show is okay, but does not compare favorably to the earlier version. If you're thinking about watching both, watch this one first, otherwise you'll be disappointed.. The excessive CGI was very distracting. The artwork lacks the character of the original, the characters look very generic. It's also a lot more colorful, which made it look "cartoonish" to me.. The episodes themselves leaned toward "cute" rather than the more dark and philosophic stories of the original. Some of them are just short vignettes, and in many of them Kino doesn't even appear. As a whole, it feels rather dumbed-down, fluffy entertainment instead of engaging and ...
Reborn as the last secret boss, the protagonist of "Villainess Level 99: I May Be the Hidden Boss but I'm Not the Demon Lord" quickly becomes the most powerful being in the world. But not only does she have real no-good parents, she is also immediately labeled a liar!. . When I watched this, I thoroughly enjoyed the first two episodes, but after that I could only wonder what the show is going for now? Is it about the protagonist helping people level up? Does she have to escape her parents' political intrigues? Or does she have to keep listening to new stupid lies that are thrown ...
I love all the scenes with Himmel in it and the message behind the series, but the pacing of the show is really slow. I like the story but I sometimes fall asleep watching it.. . The first episode really grabs you, and it's an interesting twist to the common fantasy genre. The world building and magic system is unique as well. The characters are likable, but they aren't energetic. The whole show has a really slow feeling to it. Like a leisure stroll in the park or baking a cake for 3 hours. A slice of life fantasy with hints of nostalgia. I think it's slow ...
I love One Piece. It is my favorite anime But i would not recommend it to all because it is long but it is worth it if you like the story. If you like it you will see the changes over anime over the last 25 years from the East blue to Egghead.. . If you are planning to watch it I would start sooner than later because if you just go online you will see tons of spoilers. Some arks are slow like Dressarosa but if you do not like the pacing I would recommend reading the manga. Reading the manga would be faster if you ...
Shangri-La Frontier is a very paradoxal anime. While its story follows a high schooler (we'll call him Sunraku) playing a fully-immersive virtual reality video game named Shangri-La Frontier, the series actually doesn't feel like it was made for an audience of 'experienced gamers' but rather for people that don't know much about games or how a multiplayer environment functions.. . There actually isn't much to talk about because there simply isn't much going on with the anime. There is no story, no meaningful goal, the characters are just there, we know next to nothing about them, there is no backstory, no character development, you're just watching a ...
*Zom 100: Bucket List of the Dead* is a series that, at least in the beginning, seemed to have its finger on a bizarre pulse that had laid dormant for some time. Romping through its *Splatoon!*-colored zombie-fied “end of the world” setting, it decided that character depth and important intrigue would be abandoned in favor of giving its setting the excuse to go full-fledged indulgent into the stupid. Why concern yourself with hunkering down and fighting blood, sweat, and tears to survive when you could be more concerned about getting beer at the konbini instead, despite the clear and present danger? Why take the time ...
Anime is great in the sense that more often than not, being a fan of throws you at a interconnected tangle of hundreds if not thousands of connected works of different types. One of which is music, and great music at that.. . Frieren has us spoiled in this regard, not only has it graced us with a classic YOASOBI hit, but also an n-buna masterpiece.. . The song albeit trippy, felt like a weird fever dream that is very familiar and very strange all at the same time. The vocals feel like pleading for one’s innocence while the visual style of blending 2D and 3D did contribute the ...
Sasaki to Pii-Chan is an anime which brings together isekai,fantasy,kind of reverse isekai and most absurd magical girl.. . We have a main character Sasaki, a middle age man who works for a company and lives a boring daily life then he adopts a bird who later we learn that is a Wizard (kind of) from another world and he can take himself and Sasaki to that world whenever he wants and he discarded to sell things from our universe in the other one .This anime has two different stories one from the Sasaki’s world and the other is Peeps world.. The Sasaki’s world have fantasy,adventure,magical girl and ...
This is definitely the confusing season for me ! i mean there were so many terms and lore that i didn't follow, maybe my puny brain can't handle it but that's the exact reason that this season is not better than first season ! i won't say that the first season didn't confused me but it was still a simple plot if you compared to this season ! maybe the term plot doesn't explain what i am trying to say ! the way things are named and told maybe the right way to say it ! like the plot of the both season is pretty ...
I was so excited to see a show from Mappa and the creator of Sk8 the Infinity, but unfortunately this one hugely disappoints. Everything about this show is fantastic- except the plot.. . The initial draw of Bucchigiri was the character design, and it is absolutely phenomenal. The characters are all so uniquely and interestingly designed and the voice actors knock it out of the park. The animation is great, the opening, ending, and soundtrack are fantastic as well.. . But what is even going on with the plot??? The MC is absolutely unbearable. I don’t inherently have a problem with simp characters - sometimes they’re really ...
So first off, I want to say that I did like this show for the most part, but I don't think this Anime is for everyone and neither is it the greatest thing ever made.. . Frieren's storytelling is interesting as it is a story that takes place after a story that has already happened and parts of which. are uncovered as the story progresses. These flashbacks serve to understand the characters of the MC's old party and how they had an impact on her and how she slowly comes to understand humans and their emotions beacuse of it. Due to her being an elf with a ...
The "A silent voice" specials are two music videos of songs related to the anime.. . The animations seems to mostly be original scenes and of pretty good quality. The animation mainly contains the main two characters and Ishida's friend along with some shots of nature. In the first song I didn't understand the animation and whether it was supposed to tell a story but in the second song the animation has a clear story attached to it. At the very least it's something to watch while listening to the music.. . The songs themselves are alright and you'll probably recognise them from the movie. If you ...
Watching 'Sasaki to Pii-chan' is akin to experiencing a masterclass on the importance of sound design, albeit in a negative sense. The sheer magnitude of errors in sound production is staggering, transforming what should be a delightful auditory experience into a jarring cacophony. Even the most basic sounds become grating, leaving one longing for the blissful ignorance of being born deaf. The disparity between the potential enjoyment offered by the narrative and the relentless assault on the ears is disheartening. It's as if in an alternate reality, there exists a version of this anime where every element aligns seamlessly, allowing for genuine appreciation. Regrettably, in ...
I love isekai anime and harem in Esakai kinda make sense so i like isekai harem but this anime was Expectionally bad. From episode 1 you will get idea that the mc is very avage and way lucky(plot armour).. None of the characters get character development properly.but it's the first anime where the mc is not the main highlight but the females also have roles means mc is basicly a npc without them.(i will not say thats a good thing ).. The thing is there was nothing going on in anime rather than getting the girls to marry/like him, so gets hella board. soon.. This anime ...
A solid movie, it's not bad but it's not great either. It's a decent piece of work that entertains enough for you to enjoy the film. The animation and music are the best things about the film.. The characters do not fully develop, they are rather flat and the pace of the story is too slow for my taste.. . The plot is good, several political actors involved, several interests at stake, but its potential is wasted, the interactions between the main characters are weak, the princess/queen does not appear.. For the rest, the duels and fights we want to see are there.
If you're looking for a cute, feel-good romance this will definitely satisfy you. If you're looking for a mature romance with interesting characters it may not. While the story is sweet, the character writing is mostly weak and left a lot to be desired. The female lead has almost no defining traits other than being deaf and cute, we learn almost nothing about any desires or motivations that are not related to romance. She falls in love with the male lead almost instantly, who is essentially an ideal romantic partner with no real flaws or need for character development, i.e. a pretty boring character. The ...
Ao no Exorcist: Shimane Illuminati-hen (2024). . A good return but not quite as edgy as it used to be. The show is becoming a bit generic now which is still enjoyable but also goes away from its core. The show tries to tick the boxes of girls, fun, school and action. This whilst it is fine also gives a few issues when you think about it. The last time we saw this show it was deep and serious, a bit of battle occurred and people changed and suddenly now it is back to being goofy. That said, it does get deep and dark again but it ...
The greatest merit of this anime was its ability to depict ordinary scenes from life in great detail. Ep.1 managed to describe ordinary food in such a delicious and imaginative way; something as simple as toast could evoke golden wheat fields - the creator must be very good at enjoying small things in life. Watching late at night, it made my mouth watering - so looks like the audience are being interrogated as well!. . The story (if we consider it as a story) was very simple: the captured Princess was repeatedly tempted by demon for until confession. In the first two episodes, I was concerned on ...
Unwanted Undead Adventurer is another fantasy adaptation that doesn't have an obnoxiously long name and dwells around the familiar aspects of many light novel adaptations. It's neither something where the anime is a pile of garbage that should never be made nor the adaptation that deserves some form of applause. What this anime has managed to achieve is the mere average of what you should expect in your weekly seasonal anime. The anime plays it safe with your dose of fanservice, and decent character growth. By that, I mean flaunting the main character's only personality with any random character the anime decides to show for ...
This review will be for both Season 1 (S1) and Season 2 (S2). S1 was excellent, but S2 was a letdown. My overall rating considering both seasons is between "Fine" and "Good". If you want to give this anime a go, I recommend watching S1 and looking up what happens in the manga afterwards. Although S3 is in the works, I am unlikely to give it a watch if the show does not stop milking the drama at the expense of established character development.. . - Story. I enjoyed watching the main character Sawako’s love life and social life blossom at the same time in this slice-of-life ...
"Let the performance, begin!". . Story & Characters: Takt Op. Destiny takes place in the US, where Takt Asahina is attacked by a D2 - a monster that originates from outer space. During the attack, Cosette Schneider covers him, and seemingly loses her life in the process. However, instead of going away, her body is taken over by Destiny. She is a Musicart - special beings who have the power to fight back against the D2s. As they attack in sync with their conductor, their master, they are able to effectively kill these things off so that mankind can be preserved. ...
As an anthology, I'd have to say Amazing Nuts isn't worth your time. It's basically four concept music videos without any underlying or unifying theme. There's not really a reason these are compiled together, and none of them are strong enough to justify watching any of the others or seeking out the entire set. Of course, with anthologies, you have many attempts to connect with an audience, but I think most would agree that the first story is the only one that you could recommend universally. I'll detail my thoughts on the individual stories below, but the TL;DR is watch the ...
Another anime I rewatched after many years. Its one who's content I had forgotten about but it always remained in the back of my head. So I decided to rewatch it ... . This anime is a feast for the senses. The visuals are stunning, the accompanying music is magical and almost haunting. I could say with confidence that the opening is one of my fav in anime. The enigma of Cosette herself is captivating. It really felt like watching a painting come to life at times.. . Now I would say that the anime isn't amazing, plus I think there were too many side characters that felt ...
The anime is quite abnormal, but unique for a sports anime, but it's watchable. It 's also created by MAPPA so the animation and art-style is top notch. Though there should have been more content on the 3 year and 1 year long periods, like when they kind of "co-existed". Although in sports anime there's always a character who is a lot worse than others, nothing bad in it, but it's kind of "used". The characters were intriguing but I wish there was more content with his old team. I think some people might love it, others, well... enjoy it. It's a hard anime to ...
This second part is surprisingly slow. Part one felt like a lot of setup but contrary to what you might expect this second part is even slower; though it does have a proper conclusion.. . The story continues where the first part left off but does so at a pretty slow pace. There's flashbacks that last entire episodes so you better understand some of the characters but this does destroy any momentum the anime has. The story is interesting but slightly confusing and doesn't make sense at times. A good thing is that lots of parts of the story reach their conclusion in this season so ...
The anime is all over the place - the first half is okay, there are some interesting plot pieces, some character building. But the second half drops the ball of the entire anime. It is bad on all aspects - the pacing just drops to a halt, all the characters developed are third grade at best (dang, even Stark, who is supposedly one of main characters, feels second-grade support character), the plot focuses on some completely unimportant bureaucratic thing (compared to how everything is presented unimportant on Frieren's time scale). Can't say there is a goal or a central idea in the entire anime thus ...
Score: 5 - I rate shows mostly based on how I enjoyed the experience. If I were to give it a more objective and comparative score, it'd be higher, but I want to tell you what to expect.. . Why would you watch the fantasy show Frieren?. You'd do it for the relaxed pace and storytelling, the high quality and care put into the stories within the 28 episodes.. The animation quality ranges between simple and exceptional, but never bad and the music is quite good. It's quite wholesome when it's good. There are some great action scenes.. There is an undercurrent of deliberate emotion put into ...
I think a more accurate rating from me for this cour would be a 5.5/10 stars. I've been reading this manga since about a year into its publication, and so I was looking forward to this anime, but as I watched it, I remembered how much I was not feeling the first part of the overall story, which has seen grown on me and I enjoy reading it every new chapter. The true strength of this story are the characters. They are warm, heartfelt, and welcoming. I find them easy to root for and easy to like. What made things a little meh meh for ...
There’s something fundamentally cathartic about watching someone who was underestimated prove people wrong. It’s just in our nature. We love it when we know how powerful someone is and someone doubts them arrogantly. That’s why One-Punch Man becomes frustrating at times because you just want Saitama to prove them wrong already. This show (whose title really doesn’t need to be that long) survives only off of that catharsis. That thrill of outsmarting everyone and then seeing how impressed they are. The only reason I continued watching was because it was satisfying in a way; watching the heroine find a way to outsmart everyone. But that’s ...
Dosanko gal is your usual shy, socially awkward and lame MC gets the hot girl and a harem series, but without a unique twist. It takes place in Hokkaido and all the characters are gyaru. Does it really do anything new? No. If you’ve seen one of these, you’ve seen them all. That said, it is entertaining at times and 2/3 girls are really good.. . If it were 5 years ago before I watched every seasonal every season, I’d probably rate Dosanko Gal higher and would have liked it more. Having seen so many of these types of shows now and in such recent seasons, it’s ...
I don't normally write reviews, but I honestly think it's awful that this anime has such a low rating and a majority not recommended reviews. This isn't a perfect anime by any means, it's a bit clunky, and probably too rushed to give the characters any real room to breathe, but it's an interesting story and a nice romance. Don't let the score fool you, if the title and poster drew you in, you'll probably enjoy this anime. I'm beginning to realize that MAL underrates shoujo in general. An equivalently decent shonen would not be sitting at a 6.4, so keep that in mind.. . I've seen ...
The story is kind of intended for kids i mean the animation, the slow pace, the over the top sweetness in dialogues, etc . but the lot has the potential to be become much more than that! this could've been the great series if there was some more improvement in the every department ! as the plot itself is interesting enough ! another i am very disappointed is the lack of harem ! i mean just having girl members in the party doesn't mean that it is a harem ! the main lead is dense but there were clear and obvious hints of harem sparks ...
The Foolish Angel Dances with the Devil - It's "Kaguya-sama: Love is War", if you found it on Wish.com (or just about any cheap knock-off site) and purchased it for a bargain discount.. . The battle of good and evil transcends time as early as angels and demons can be, and this is no exception used as the basis of so many works in AniManga. It's also the bane and boon if the romance aspect is wedged in, but used so prevalently that it makes you wonder if the union of good and evil can result in a consensus and creation of a new being. That is ...
The Foolish Angel Dances with the Devil is when you make an intriguing start, but then take things up a notch with an empty romcom.. . Children's Playground Entertainment is a relatively young studio, founded in 2010, but it's had a hand in all manner of terrible content, whether it's producing the first season of The Fruit of Evolution, whose quality and content I'll probably keep quiet about, or more recently creating an adaptation of Saihate no Paladin, which was another bad isekai. And now, CPE has decided to redeem itself to the audience by releasing a manga adaptation called The Foolish Angel Dances with the ...
Overall, this anime is very enjoyable and excellent with regards to animations, voice acting, sound, music, characters, story/plot but also really annoying at the same time as some of the settings are quite flawed. It is a female power fantasy anime where the main character is simply super knowledgeful about everything there is to know when she clearly has no reason to know, they really should have just made this an isekai where an 80 year-old veteran doctor+detective who has 60 year work experience gets hit by a truck or something, that would make a lot more sense. I understand she specializes in medicine, poison ...
Not to make anyone feel old, but one of the rituals I remember the most as a child was taking trips to the mall with my dad back in the late 2000’s. I didn’t get a chance to see him too often, but at the time, our little tradition was going to GameStop and getting me whatever cheap DS games could fall under their buy 2 used games get 1 half off scheme. It meant a lot to me at the time since I was obsessed with video games and played my DS constantly. Now, the result of this practice was, in reality, just bombarding ...
The girls of Hokkaido are freaky, and you have no idea how much...... . ...inaccurately this expression is conveyed by the manga adaptation of Dosanko Gal wa Namara Menkoi, written by Kai Ikada, a native of Hokkaido, Japan's second largest island, where the plot of this animanga is set. The winter season pleased us with a lot of great...NO! Great ecchi, but we didn't get much romance, although the sequel "The Dangers in My Heart" turned out to be great, but that's another story.... But according to the laws of universal balance, for every very good show there is on average one not so good show, and ...
Coming off from the first season's jazz like style mixed with Poker and stakes regarding cards with magical powers one would think that the second season would follow in its footsteps and maybe even improve on what didn't work as well such as the pacing and the emotional struggle. In the end, it did although in a mish mash of ups and downs.. . On the one hand, the character we grew attached too found themselves in much higher stakes, leading to them growing closer not only with themselves but within each other, doing sometimes introspections upon the situation. My personal favorite, Chris, fortunately kept up with ...
Meh, this show a mixed bag. Probably wouldn't want to watch it again.. . If you're watching it now and are hoping that it gets better, it doesn't. You can stop watching around episode 11 since it's the same thing on repeat since that point.. . It had some really good moments here and there which were the main reason why I ended up watching it until the end, hoping it was actually going to amount to something. But it just ended up just dissapointing me.. . Of course, if you're planning to watch this show it's 99% likely that you're coming here from Initial D. Just so you know ...
Part 2 of Synduality: Noir - It's all about history, high stakes, and the Hidden Inventories that would object the fight against good and evil.. . It's no secret that Bandai Namco's newest mixed-media project of Synduality has been quite the ride, starting with the anime, which focuses on the Type Zero Mage of Noir to get an idea of how the totality of the Synduality universe is like. And I've said it before in my review for Part 1, and I will say it again: despite the project's origin that's co-written by highly acclaimed novelist Hajime Kamoshida of Sakurasou and Seishun Buta Yarou fame, this pet ...
Part 2 of High Card - "Are you ready? It's Showdown!"...for real this time.. . Out with the casual play, and into the real foot of the drama, at least for the continuation of High Card, the creation and next succession from Kakegurui mangaka Homura Kawamoto, Mikaru Kuno and TMS Entertainment's evolution of bringing the poker play into a global stage.. . With Season 1, it serves as the establishment of a poker-playing world: bound by the entire stack of 52 X-Playing Cards which all has a different power used for the gains of anyone who picks it up, it certainly is a wild goose chase for trying to ...
This won't be a long review simply because this show doesn't have a lot to talk about, nor would I say it has an audience large enough to justify one.. . Pon no Michi (The Way of Pon) feels like your run-of-the-mill style CGDCT/slice of life anime, and to me, that'd be fine as I rarely ever find a show like this were I don't like anything about it. Problem is, Pon no Michi is woefully plain for a slice-of-life/CGDCT anime that at points it is rather tedious to sit through.. Pon no Michi advertises itself as a slice-of-life/CGDCT anime all about the strategy tabletop game Mahjong. If ...
Amazing chibi styled 1 minute shorts.. Having more or less the the four cell structure to them,. known from news papers.. ( You start at one end, develop conflict in the middle two panels, and resolve with a punch line at the end ). . They're not groundbreaking,. however they're funny and amazing nonetheless.. Character names aren't as much of an issue here and kinda ad more towards it being more funny.. . . ...
Amazing story,. good ost,. ( So nice even that even though it's not my gengre, I do even like to listen to it on its own ). Animation isn't high quality, however it's good enough, especially keeping in mind that it's 28 episodes, not just the stereotypical 12,. however, srr,. but compared to the the rest of the anime, the names are kinda of putting.. they kinda feel more like an afterthought,. with them searching random related words in German on Google Translate,. what makes it sound more like a children's series for 2 year olds and older.. . I have a feeling it would work better if you're from outside Dutch or German speaking ...
It’s touching and heartwarming, but then it ended rather suddenly and left much to be desired. The animation is lovely to look at, but the story and characters were so hollow. It’s got this somber tone like someone died, but really she’s just reflecting for 2 hours on her “horrible” childhood. To be honest it felt rather plain, which may have been the point for her reflection, but there really wasn’t much being conveyed. The flashbacks and the present in how they were stitched together seemed very disconnected. There were parts that I found funny, parts that I cringed at, and parts that I felt ...
so now that's I've finish binged watching season 1 and 2, and I can say that it has recently been the most enjoyable anime I've seen, now coming into season 2, I've heard so much talk about season 2 being the biggest flop in all of anime, and as I getting closer and closer to the end of season 2, I never really seen anything wrong with the anime, since I've only heard bad things about the season 2 but never really finding out why since I didn't wanna spoil myself. after I finished the show, it was amazing, but now that I did my ...
"Finally! An anime for John Wick fans!". . Is how I'd describe Ninja Kamui. . Ninja Kamui is a difficult one to describe or recommend however.. . It depends what you're interested in, do you like over the top violence or are you looking for a logical story?. . If you're looking for any semblance of character development or artistic vision..look elsewhere. . ...
It is quite difficult for me to evaluate this anime. My opinion can even be considered incomplete, as I'm not very familiar directly with the original manga.. Starting with the first episode, we got lively colorful animation along with an interesting and even shocking plot, which whipped up into a great cocktail and I, without dragging on, continued watching. Unfortunately, I can't say that the same "wow!" effect was evoked by the next 11 episodes. Even to me, a person who has only slightly read the manga of the same name, it seemed that the events were terribly cut and chewed up, as if by the ...
The original Evangelion is known for its complex, raw depictions of human emotions, and the effect different types trauma can have on one's individuality. Eva rebuild 3, however, will not be known for this.. . Ignoring the blatant character assassination of Shinji aside, many characters are severely underdeveloped. For example, Mitsato and Ritsuko have such little screen time, which is fine with the context of the original route (since you already understand their motivations) but for the rebuild route means when they show up in the final act, their existence has little meaning, acting like emotionally flat robots. This is worse for Asuka and the other ...
I love Isakai, but not this one. Idk it just didn't sit right. I think that there are not only better anime but even better Isakai to spend your time watching. Regardless I watched the whole thing all seasons up to date and probably will watch the coming movie so make of that what you will. The world-building was good but the characters were lacking and most (if not all) of the fights lacked any emotional weight. *note this applies to the entire anime and is meant to inform people interested in getting into Overlord, as a stand-alone season overlord season one is fine and ...
The Good:. This show get's a LOT right. The characters, the setting, the music, the colors, it's all loving crafted, animated, and produced. Like the many varied flowers found in both the Pleasure District and on the Rear Court, the overall feel and vibe of this anime is seductive, comforting, and alluring.. . The Big Flaw:. Where does this show fall short then? Writing. Writing writing writing. Once past the opening episodes, the flaws of the writing starts to become pretty noticeable. It's not bad compared to other anime, just aggressively average.. . Mystery Cases:. Some of the episodes follow a sort of episodic mystery-case style format which is a great ...
Ok so, she is not a villainess and none of her lives are carefree.. . The anime starts off in a compelling way: we have a girl who has lived 6 lives and always worked really hard to do and see amazing things. So, in this new life she decides to take it easy. However, she soon finds herself with the ability to stop a future war that was the reason for her death in the lives prior. She would be able to do this by marrying a prince and "manipulating" him in a way that would prevent the war. The romance develops and the political aspects ...
I don't think there are much anime about firefighters, so I decided to give Megumi no Daigo a chance. I wasn't ever really into firefighting (and Megumi no Daigo is not strictly about firefighting, it's actually about rescue), so I wasn't super excited about this anime, I just thought "huh, that sound pretty fun". This also wasn't a very anticipated, hyped-up anime and it still has a very modest number of users on MAL.. . I haven't read the manga, nor have I watched the Kajiba no Baka Yarou prequel, so I was going in completely blank. And as with many small-budget anime, this one is a ...
S-Rank Musume is a wholesome fantasy adventure that is dragged down by its mediocre production values and a larger story that is left unexplored and confusing.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 6/10. -----------------------------------------------. . While the art as a whole is generally fine, the weak animations put a damper on the numerous action scenes, robbing them of any serious weight. The action which should break up the slice of life, struggles to achieve its purpose as it's simply not exciting enough to look forward to.. . . Sound / Music / Voice Acting - 7/10. ...
Its an average fantasy series. slightly better than your usual trash.. . Plot. Adventurer (bronze rank) practices for 10 years, but barely grows much in strength. One day, he finds a new tunnel inside one of his usual labyrinth trips, and decides to check it out to find any undiscovered loot. He instead finds a dragon, loses consciousness and wakes up as a skeleton. He starts leveling up to evolve into a more human-like monster, while disguising himself with hood/mask. The story revolves around his usual adventures to continue leveling up, helping random clients and figuring out the mystery of this dragon + why he ended up this ...
~~ A HellBent Half Arsed Review™ ~~. Overall Rating: 4/10. . ----- Reason for watching? -----. Heard of the premise, was morbidly curious. . ----- Reason for finishing? -----. Was amazed by the ridiculous premise, was morbidly curious to see how long it kept the bit going. . ----- Story: 2/10 -----. ...
its not bad at all, but not so good at anything either, the story is good but sometimes feels it lack depth, and sometimes things happend because the plot said so BUT its one of the few i have seen that made good mix of everything, it have some darker than usual moments (in contrast of regular magical animes) and a good mix of real world, isekai and magic, so if you want something to watch while youre eatitng or in a random day, yeah i would say so, but its not like you need to make free time just to watch it, still pretty ...
Yubisaki to Renren is a very cute story that I really liked and will please most people who like romance, but my personal experience with deaf people and my expectations for it being a college love story made me like it a little less than I could have.. The protagonist of this story is Itose Yuki, a young deaf woman who after a brief interaction on the subway falls in love with Nagi Itsuomi who she later discovers is studying at the same college and the story develops following these two characters getting to know each other and discovering love.. . The love story between the protagonists is ...
A peaceful life in a village far from the war against demon army, is suddenly disturbed by the arrival of a new Hero.. . In this season of Banished from the Hero’s Party, do we follow the normal cast and new arrivals, which are both known and unknown faces. A lot is also about a new Hero that has been found since Ruti has “disappeared”.. . The plot very much revolves around the normal life the group has in the village, and how the new Hero is. The plot is very straight forward with little to mysteries or convoluted plots, which makes the story somewhat bland and predictable.. . When it ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2024!. . Story (7). The story is about a guy who's become a tank in a hero party but got mocked because He's useless in the combat. Then He got kicked out and formed a new party. Luckily He can develop after several times going into the labyrinth and leveling up until gets a new skill. Not only that, He's also have hidden skill that no one know until He met someone in the middle of journey that have an ability to see other's info.. . Art (6). The art in this anime is quite good. I like the color they were using ...
Round 2 of Banished from the Hero's Party - Welcome back...to staleness that doesn't compare and even uphold to its prequel counterpart.. . Like the majority, I loved Shin no Nakama a.k.a Banished from the Hero's Party when Season 1 came out in Fall 2021, that showcased a different side to the Hero's Party fantasy shtick that left me wanting for more. And now that Season 2 is out, the unfortunate reality (as is everyone concurring) is that novelist Zappon's story elements...do not hold up to the standards of the prequel.. . A retrospective, otherwise, it's where to really begin with Season 2's content. The continuation with Volume 5 ...
The Stranger by the Shore is a movie exploring boy love and its accompanying challenges. Specifically, the stigma of an LGBTQ relationship. There's nothing to hate about it, but it's just... okay. Boring, you could say. The entire movie lasts 58 minutes, which means the relationship's progression is hardly explored. It was just BAM, now they're a couple. But why should I be interested in this relationship? This story? Should I cheer them on just because it's a gay relationship?. . The plot is simple and I didn't feel anything for the characters. This is a movie where you can multitask with your phone. Overall, 6/10.
If you want to just turn your brain off, sit giggling n kicking your feet for the better half of the day; then this anime is for you. But the second you start actually thinking about it, the problems start to arise.. . Every character is incredibly two dimensional. For a shoujo romance this is fairly standard, but considering this one features a disabled lead you'd expect it to be handled with a bit more care.. . So, what's the problem with Yuki? Yuki seems like a self insert in every worst way; she's small, pretty, timid, shy, naive. None of these are inherently bad, I personally am just ...
I went in expecting to like this, but eventually had to drop due to repetitive rape and glorification of abusive relationships. These go beyond basic tsun anime tropes, and straight into sexual violence and executions as a means of control and denigration. If these themes are triggering, this is probably an anime to walk away from, despite the intriguing premise.. . Storytelling is ok, but a bit haphazard. Presents intriguing concepts but drops them without resolution, seems to be more interested in spinning out ideas as an excuse to cause pain and suffering to it's characters rather than for narrative cohesion or genuine character ...
The start was pretty good, I liked all the characters, it wasn't too special, but it was nice to watch. Then the mid-section if you want to call it of this season came in, and it almost made me quit, because the episodes were so dragged out with basically meaningless conversations or backstory that didn't really even help the show and killed its pacing.. But when you get to the last two episodes it gets a lot better, still a very sour taste from the pain of watching something and forgetting about it. One more thing that kind of really bugged me that they were soon ...
Blue Exorcist was one of my favourite animes when the first season came out, so much so I immediately started collecting the manga - which I haven't read so my review is based soley on the anime. I can also safely say I am not blinded by nostalgia as I rewatched all the (canon) media prior to starting s3 - that really set the tone for what I was about to experience.. . Season 3 perfectly encapsulates everything there is that is wrong with this anime: boring exposition, confusing character motivations, eye rolling amounts of twists, reliance on shock factor and trying to 1-up the last ...
I’ll keep this short:. . The best part of the this show is the first four episodes. It’s actually pretty interesting, the art is well done, and there’s some creative concepts that haven’t really been touched by any other fantasy.. . After that though, it becomes insanely boring and filler. You can’t have a show where the premise is based on a unique set of circumstances that the MC has to deal with then completely dissolve any tensions or plot elements around them by the fourth episode. Every single episode after this point becomes the most generic and more importantly boring Isekai slop.. . Enjoy the first four or five episodes ...
Slice of life anime with a unique post-war setting. The main character Frieren is well written and her story and throwbacks are quite captivating. It feels like you are watching two and sometimes 3 stories unravel at once, Frieren with Flamme, the journey of the heroes and the current journey north to heaven. This is very unique way of capturing the emotions and character growth and also keeps a sense of mystery. The art style and animation is well done, the dialogue is well written and there are a even a few hype moments in an otherwise pretty serene series.. . That being said the stories, relations ...
A Decent story, held down by generic adventurers and oversights.. A few episodes are well-made, but there are also a lot of episodes that are boring and have obvious oversights. Sometimes watching cable news might be preferable to watching some of the episodes.. . These more mediocre episodes start at episode 6 and grow to be even more mediocre until episode 8. Of course there are decent scenes in these episodes, but that's it, there really isn't much outside of these fight scenes that drive the viewer to watch this anime. Thus, this causes people to drop it before coming to better managed episodes like episode 9. ...
The show is rated 9.37/10 on MAL at the time I am writing this review. Guess I should be grateful to all the Frieren fans for not ganging up on me when I posted on the discussion board of EP28 that "sorry, but this show is not going to be my anime of the year". To imitate what a YouTuber said, it's not Frieren, it must be me at fault here that the anime did not quite work for me as well as it did for the rest of you. But for the sake of discussion and for your entertainment, I will try to describe ...
Pon no Michi is an anime about girls playing mahjong. By the way, the only reference to mahjong anime is Saki (which I highly recommend), which was more focused on mahjong. Going back to Pon no Michi, although it's initially presented as an anime centered around mahjong, it's clear from the first few episodes that mahjong is just a pastime for the girls. This approach might be disappointing for those who were expecting a more mahjong-focused plot.. . The disconnect with mahjong is evident. Despite the anime being about this game, they barely show the girls playing a match and it doesn't demonstrate how mahjong is an ...
This anime went downhill pretty quickly. I enjoyed the first 3-5 episodes and the rest was skipped because its just full of yapping and repetitive plotlines. She is supposed to be brainy but honestly nothing shows as such. Some people will enjoy it but it was frustrating to watch for me.. . The story is quite predictable in a sense where one event happens and you can guess what the result / solution would be. Nothing smart seems to have happened.. . There were some nice romance moments but it definitely is not enough to balance out the yappiness of things that does not add depth to the story.
The Unwanted Undead Adventurer was our fantasy story this season that many people thought would be boring and uninteresting. However, that wasn't the case. Plot follow Rentt, an adventurer who gets eaten by a dragon and dies. However he wakes up as an undead in the form of a skeleton and he's somehow even stronger than he was as a human. Overtime, Rentt evolves into different types of monsters, ghouls, ghast, vampires, etc.. . Why'd you give it a 6 then if you liked the idea behind the plot? Well, over the course of the series I was simply getting more and more bored with it, the ...
Undead Unluck had eye-catching setting about the world and character abilities; the idea of "deniers" was really refreshing. Although not every plot withstood scrutiny, it was at least interesting and innovative, in the sense that it challenged the viewers' "common sense" - the day-to-day concepts in our lives can be created, revised, and denied.. . The storytelling followed a very typical shonen style. The main characters continuously level up in battles, learning to better cooperate and utilize their abilities, while also getting trustworthy teammates (with tragic backstories). Even the occasional sexual harassment jokes are so typical (in a bad way) - but fortunately, it gradually shifted away ...
Ishura has a few weird things.. . First thing, certain fights did not last long. It's one of the weird tropes where victory is decided in one or two exchanges. The excuses being, when there is a clear gap between two fighters' strengths, the fight would be settled quickly; and realistic fights, where both fighters go for the kill, don't go on for more than two or three exchanges. It's a very unpopular trope, obviously because we're all here to watch cool action of strong characters trading blows. Like imagine every boxing or MMA match always ends with a knockout in one exchange, no wrestle, no ...
Good shounen anime for what it is. Story from one of the biggest influences in anime/manga Akira Toriyama (May he rest in peace.) Especially recommended for the younger kids to watch. Tanks, guns, and a little blood in the show. Labelled as a comedy but not all that humorous for a mature audience at least. Regardless, as a working adult, the anime as a whole brings a smile to my face.. . Art/Animation: Not for everyone. CGI animation which isn't everybody's taste but has a blend of 2d in it. I think it's well animated and the characters look like they were the characters were ...
Youtube recommendation brought me to this with all the cool animation sequences of the matches. Weirdly I ended up reading the manga first then I think that influenced my feeling for the anime.. . Hanebado!'s manga isn't necessarily that much better, but I think it presented the ultimately similar tone of the story in a more balanced way than the anime did. The anime's biggest issue to me I feel like is just that, it feels very unbalanced. The show is a mixture of upbeat appearances from the color, the character design and the OP, the first tier animation, and then really unlikable characters throughout, plus ...
The good:. 1) Music - The OP is great and the music in general is fine. If you like singing during your action scenes you can expect it.. 2) Animation - The animation is very fluid and done well. Really engaging during action scenes.. . The okay:. 1) Plot/story/setting - The dungeons themselves are pretty interesting, especially the first dungeon that sets the scene of the show. The actual magic/combat system isn't super complicated. Basically there are letter ranks for each different hunter that measures there power level. Not super engaging but its fine for what it is.. . The bad:. 1) Protagonist - Sung, Jin-Woo pretty much falls into the typical ...
Sokushi Cheat takes a more extreme approach to the "overpowered protagonist" concept; the protagonist Yogiri Takatou not only never loses, but he also rarely showcases internal conflicts or opinionated goals to work towards. Author Tsuyoshi Fujitaka mentioned in an interview that this is exactly what he wanted to play with — a protagonist who never struggles until the very end. Fujitaka's concept naturally alienates many, for by design there is little to get attached to in the story's journey, and there's essentially no tension. However, this idea has potential to carry out a more lax attitude regardless of the intensity of scenarios. The nature of ...
I F...ing hate the director. Why is he in love with random guild headquarters shots in the middle of a hype moment? I'm convinced that this guys doesn't understand how to pilot the series.. There is a millón ways to add extra content to fresh out background characters, why would you kill the passing of the chapter to put a random a.s.s shot, a coffee scene, the guild master over explaining things that shouldn't be explain... Action is good, as it should, but it's been grief by the direction.. All the cool shot are a mirror of the manwa, all the boring or slow stuff is the "original". ...
After viewing the latest episode, I feel compelled to share my honest thoughts on the entirety of the series.. . Overall, it was great. The animation stands out as some of the best I've seen, rivaled only by Mushoku Tensei. However, there's a peculiar aspect that struck me: the characters seem strangely lacking in expressiveness. Even those who are meant to be aggressive don't quite convey that emotion convincingly. It's as if the show aimed for a more "realistic" portrayal by giving characters mature and stable expressions rather than childlike ones, but it doesn't quite work. They appear too passive, almost idle, in their movements and dialogue ...
The movie was great, from style to suspension. But, it was quite hard to follow at times, and it was jumping all over the place - so it is not really for everyone.. Maybe as a lazy watch this is fine.. The songs are beautiful, and I would suppose the movie has a proper meaning and message, and the art style is fitting for the story. Beautiful choice of colors!. . The main character(s) of the story had a well put-together background and development and you could see a bond forming overtime in "U".. I would not say they reacted in a fully realistic way, but what happened ...
I have started and tried to watch this original season 1 of BTTH multiple times, but the difference in style and storytelling from the rest of the series has pushed me away each time. Now about 1.5 years since I watched Origins -> NianFan 1 (S5 P1), I've finally decided to tough it out and do a full watch and write my review on both as BTTH's S1 donghua and as an adaptation of the novel.. . Plot Summary: Xiao Yan is a fallen genius, once having reached the Dou Zhe level at age 11. But due to reasons unknown, his cultivation fell back down to Dou ...
First, I will go with the obvious. The production is really polished and gives a lot of weight to many scenes throughout the series. The characters are good and varied and the action scenes are great.. . But for this review, I'd like to use the public's reaction to explain why I disagree with a lot of the hype around it.. . The first thing that I heard about this series was how emotional it was. Some people even compare it with shows like Violet Evergarden and Maquia. I will be clear about it: if this anime is supposed to be emotional then to me it has completely failed. ...
so, here I'm writing my first review in MAL and it's for nothing other than Boku no pico, why?. I was a victim of grooming and therefore I'll take this with seriousness and show my pov of how something vaguely similar I've been trough made me react to this differently. I watched this for the first time at around 14 yo, and I liked it, and rewatched it many times. This showed how grooming works in such a realistic manner, without a third interfeering that my younger self couldn't pinpoint that this was extremely worng (altough I would have never wanted to be the "chaser") it ...
The start is strong with solid visual elements laying the foundation of the dark, yet comedic tone of this story-driven series. There are more than a few instances throughout the season where some animation and story-telling choices were questionable. However, it doesn’t take away from the overall experience, and can even add to the enjoyment depending on your own perspective.. . For those caught up on the manga, having that knowledge further enhances the viewing experience. The series itself is very interesting and worth talking about. With some fine-tuning of the story-boarding for any future seasons that get cleared, the anime can be included in the conversation ...
I am clearly not the intended audience for this anime, yet here I am, reviewing this anime. Making the female MC deaf was definitely a trick to get more people to indulge in this anime. I think it's already clear how this romance anime caters to the Shoujo demographic when you have every character having the most kissable lips, the male character's rizz game is always at its peak, meant to make the girl infinitely blush with him, all the while also having love triangles and unrequited love stories that are at play. There's a lot of things to not like about A Sign of ...
Tales of Wedding Rings - What a way to force a harem through circumstances.. . If you didn't know, mangaka duo Maybe has previous adaptations in the AniManga space: Silver Link's Spring 2012 adaptation of Tasogare Otome × Amnesia a.k.a Dusk Maiden of Amnesia (which is low-key one of my favourite shows of the early 2010s), and MAPPA's Summer 2019 adaptation of Katsute Kami Datta Kemono-tachi e a.k.a To the Abandoned Sacred Beasts (which was kinda meh to low-level decent). This season, the duo's entry has extended one more adaptation: Kekkon Yubiwa Monogatari a.k.a Tales of Wedding Rings, with its manga ongoing into its 10th year, while ...
Rudy try to kill himself just after getting slapped is comedy gold..... Good season though it got slower in middle as everything felt like a filler but till the it got better ....feeling like some plot lines were there just to introduce some characters so they could be used in the future..like maou sama or julie they become just npc's maybe in prt2 something will happen.... other than that i don't think everyone will like the middle portion of this season it just feels uninvesting.... it's great to see our mc become normal after harnessing life difficulties gives the last episodes more feeling... all n all feels like a ...
i think this anime had me in the first few episodes where it was a solid 7 out of 10 & then kinda dipped to 6 or 5.. However, i did like the ending - i thought it was pretty heartwarming & apt for...whatever all happened throughout all those 12 episodes.. Did i turn off my brain after 2 or 3 episodes to continue tolerating what happens? yes - there were enjoyable parts & the fact that everything was safe as plain bread was part of the reason why i needn't need brain power to watch this anime.. Will i watch if there's a 2nd ...
Story & Plot: 7/10. The story is arguably slow, the first few episode was amazing where the story developed, while in the middle it starts to falter and continue with what feels like fillers episode with minimal to no developement in the plot. some episode felt really dragged out. depsite all this the story that is trying to discover the theme of humanity in a setting where you are reincarnated as a monster is really refreshing, it strays far away from your normal undead isekai/fantasy show where they just dont bother addressing this part. i just hope if this has a chance for season 2 it ...
1) Not saturated. Although I do not gravitate towards such genres, it is easy to see why Frieren got to be loved by so many watchers. The fantasy genre had suffered for many years, since such anime were usually lackluster videogame adaptations that were just going over the events of the game with no care for pacing or character appeal. Even worse, the isekai plague had led to a dozen fantasy-themed shows each season, most of which were slight variations of the same, lazily-written power fantasy tropes that usually involve harems and slavery. Frieren didn’t belong in either of these two types. It was not the ...
Frieren is a very well made anime with some beautiful visuals, some really fluid action and some likable well-rounded characters. I enjoyed the slow, easy pace the anime took and enjoyed the world-building that went into exploring a world years after the demon lord has been defeated. That being said while the anime is undoubtedly one of the best of the year, I find it hard to say that the anime is a masterpiece or even find it hard to imagine a world where I rewatch.. That being said if you are on the fence about whether to watch or not I would say it ...
As someone who thoroughly enjoyed the first season, I can't help but feel a sense of ambivalence towards the second season, especially when it comes down to the final arc of the season. First and foremost, I'm not inclined towards giving spoilers, so if you're expecting some, this is probably not the review for you. That said, let's get into it.. . Continuing the story from Jaku-Chara Tomozaki-kun, this season hits the ground running with a sports festival. Oh, geez. Well, Tomozaki's goals include motivating a character in class to give their all. He does so in a semi-underhanded manner, albeit not with intent to hurt ...
TLDR: Interesting story idea, poorly written and bad execution. 6/10.. . Style and Animation: Ok, nothing astounding. Character styling and world backgrounds were decent. For the animations, nothing too intricate, but there's probably a lot more moving still frames than one would noticed if they weren't distracted by the story.. . . Sounds and Voices: Decent soundtracks, they fit the series, but weren't overbearing that you would feel like it's out of place. Voices were fine, you could tell who was who and the voices felt appropriately chosen.. . . Character growth and Likeability: Could have been better. Male and female leads receive most of the series focus and end up being more ...
Before starting to watch "Sousou no Frieren", what caught my attention was the high mean ranking of this show and the many praises coming from a lot of people, praising its mature themes, profound message, and melancholic atmosphere. Knowing how the so-called anime community tends to strongly overexaggerate a lot of things, especially when a lot of anime enjoyers overhype or overhate a show, I decided to give it a try anyway, thinking it may actually be a good one this time. Now I can say that once again, it was unwise to believe the general anime audience. At least when the word "masterpiece" was ...
Decided to rewatch this anime as i remember it being good but couldnt remember much about its contents. This is an anthology series so each episode contains a new story with new characters (except for last 2 or 3 episodes), all tied together with an overarching story about an author who bumps into a trio of beings? Who go around Japan to exorcise spirits that have committed sin.. . So honestly, the characters weren't that memorable except maybe Mataichi and the animation style could be somewhat off putting as they mixed traditional anime style with 3d textures at some points. However the anime was strong where ...
I decided to watch more seasonal anime this season to give it a try, so this one ended up on my list. It's not something I would usually watch, and watching it reminded me why (although there was another anime this season that countered that reasoning). This is what I would describe as mid ecchi. Yes, it has a decent plot for what it is, a solid cast of characters, and some okay ecchi scenes. So if that sounds like your cup of tea, then go for it. However, in the end, it just all ends up feeling cheap.. . The story is pretty simple and not ...
This anime was very contradictory to me. I liked the characters but at times they felt very distant to me. I knew that Aoi and Himawari liked each other and that they could not indulge in these feelings but instead of romantic tension sometimes it felt flat. The premise was intriguing but it just didn't get there for me completely and I'm not sure why. The ending was tonally sound but it also felt muted like a lot of the series.. . Part of the problem was everything felt like it needed to be expanded upon, whether it was Himawari's emotional state, Aoi's past, the ayakashi ...
Small spoilers for what our friends Frieren and Fern are faced with on their journey.. . A line of text from the first PV: “Beginning with true tears…” …and ending with shounen shiz.. . I’m 15 episodes in, thinking “Man, this is some of the greatest seasonal shit I’ve experienced. Overrated? Hell nah.” Because in all honesty, Sousou no Frieren was a near-perfect, strong, and impactful anime that captured my heart straight from the beginning. A captivating theme around the perception of time, thought-provoking moments, and a lingering bittersweet feel to it. I legitimately was thinking nothing could take down such a titan and what it had already built ...
It's a show that started really strong. Good story and writing, excellent characters and world building. Animation was decent as well. I really had high hopes for it. Then content started being diluted and episodes got more and more padding as time went on. Last few episodes felt almost like a filler.. . Overall crew is technically capable of delivering a satisfying story but it's as if they decided not to. Some people claim they decided on number of manga issues and stuck with that, but ended up needing more content. Whether it's true or not, the fact remains it feels like a nothing burger. Good bun ...
After watching the final episode, I feel very conflicted on the series as a whole. I really think this series shines with thoughtful character moments and interactions. The overall message i find to be quite compelling. However, the battle scenes i find to be rather tedious. in my opinion, a lot of it feels unnecessary and almost contradicts some of the messages i think the series tries to convey. it's difficult for me to rate, as there's episodes i feel are 10s and episodes that are 6's... it honestly was hard to get through a lot of the episodes which relied on cool action. There's ...
If I could describe Blue Gender in one word, it would be "Grim." Contrary to most anime which pop out at the audience with characters with exaggerated personalities, funny moments, and other "tropey" things, Blue Gender is one of the more serious and mature shows out there. Personally, I like anime that take themselves and their world seriously, but this show does have me a little mixed in my opinions.. . Things that I liked about it were the creatures (which were cool and terrifying), the world itself, which although bleak, was also mysterious and kept you on edge the whole way through, and various features of ...
Someone recommended me to watch this title last year months before it began airing as a similar series to Mahoutsukai no Yome, and although it also has a mage and their disciple studying, training and traveling together, and the main characters share voice actress, I don’t see much resemblance beyond the premise. Concept wise, I find it to be more similar to Fumetsu no Anata E, since it is about a long-lived non-human protagonist learning about mortality and the short live span of humans while traveling around the world and getting some friends and new abilities.. . The issues with that title are that the protagonist ...
The Way of Pon - Is this a lesson about Japanese mahjong, or is this the plot for a promotional campaign for a lesser-known city in Japan? Hmm.... . It is often said that niche things are the hardest to teach to foreigners, and in the case of Japanese Mahjong, we've had series that span back years trying to relay this information to people to various successes. Shows like Fall 2005's Akagi or even Spring-Summer 2009's Saki, these are the classics when it comes to the niche topic. And once again, even in 2024, we are presented with one more series: an original show that's part-Mahjong, part-promotion, ...
Sasaki and Peeps is definitely something. This anime tries to be so many things all at once: a supernatural, a fantasy, a slice of life, a gourmet, etc. To be brutually honest, I don't think this show knows what it wants to be. The main selling point behind Saski and Peeps is the fact that the MC, Sasaki, travels between his world and the fantasy one, thanks to his Peeps, his magical pet. This anime is at its best when the two worlds actually have some benefit to one another, whether that be Sasaki taking his business expertise from the real world into the fantasy ...
Nothing much to say, so I'll keep it short.. Being the bottom dwelling fantasy enjoyer that I am, I saw potential in the first few eps, the hook was great and it established the world and the plot pretty well, but it's just downhill from there.. . The entire anime feels like multiple filler arcs stitched together. If you're here for some story and world building, you will probably be disappointed. The arcs feel weightless and disconnected, the MC is uninteresting and static, the world feels boring and shallow, despite so many locations and characters. I forgot this anime was airing at some point.. . It's not a bad ...
Why is Frieren: Beyond Journey’s End is so highly recognised?. . “In this review we will examine it under a magnifying glass, in the task of learning and uncover the mystery behind its remarkable success and to settle all query.”. . So don’t judge by a closed book just yet, let’s turn a leaf of what now is an ideal fantasy into actual reality.. . Usually, I don’t judge this seriously, although Frieren looks casual, it is far away from being usual.. . The methaporic themes and symbolism’s. The significance of existence. Is an important part of Frieren’s story and one major aspect behind its enchanting appeal.. . Why is it called ...
It was quite enjoyable to watch. The animations are enough to make me want to appreciate these action-packed moments; it's undeniably cool to watch. The universe is nice, albeit somewhat cliché, although that's not really a problem.... . ...Except when it's way too much, to the extent that you truly feel a lack of personality during certain episodes. The four main characters are exactly the same as Naruto. Speaking of characters, few are endearing; giving us 2 minutes of background (which are also clichéd to the extreme) isn't enough for me to appreciate their stories. Sukuna is probably the only slightly interesting one; otherwise, they're very flat. ...
Sousou no Frieren is a series with a great premise, it starts after the demon king is defeated and it is focused in what comes after that, the passage of time is very important as we follow an immortal elf that sees the friends she fought alongside with getting older and dying and she feels that she should have known them better, so she decided to go on another journey retracing her steps. This could have worked wonderfully, if only the protagonist Frieren wasn’t a Mary Sue, Fern wasn’t Frieren 2 but with some more human concerns and Stark wasn’t Zenitsu but somewhat less annoying. ...
This series had a great hook: seasoned adventurer Rentt runs into a dragon, loses his life, and comes back as a skeleton that retains his memories. He aims to recover his humanity, slowly improving his skills and strength as he evolves into more human-like undead, eventually exceeding even what he could do before dying.. . What I hoped for from here was an opportunity to see how being undead affected his life and relationships, perhaps seeing a broad assortment of skills that were only available to those afflicted and watching him evolve further, having to harness even more abilities at greater cost to his humanity.. . What we got ...
Erased (the title) the entire meaning of title was changed when translating from Japanese to English no idea why. It’s quite interesting if you would try to search if it relates to anime in some way. But for review I would say its a pretty good story line, the character design animation style suits it well no complains about that. But when you go in deep about the anime I don’t think you can get confused or anything in that it’s pretty simple and straight. Worth a try for some twisted ending but if you trying to find a great anime then you can skip this ...
Sasaki and Peeps - Is this show an Isekai, Reverse-Isekai, Fantasy, Adventure, Comedy, all wrapped into one? This feels like an over-convoluted and a fictional existential mistake.... . Let's all be true to ourselves: Isekai, in the traditional sense, can be easy to write. It's the creativity portion that is the hardest to keep the entire story consistent and interesting and can even send authors scrambling for the next plot device that no matter how orthodox the story can go; it must remain entertaining. And this is what happens when you encounter a work like novelist Buncololi's Sasaki to Pii-chan a.k.a Sasaki and Peeps, the LN series ...
The seiyuu casts are great but for the story itself I cannot say so. Because of the death instant ability, many characters are introduced along with their skill, level, etc. as on-screen text while the characters are talking so it's a bit confusing to follow the talking subtitle and the on-screen text translation. But then no longer after the characters are introduced they died, so there is no use to read all the on-screen text.. . The animation is okay, character designs are just like any other isekai anime with cute strong girls. There are also some fanservice especially among Yogiri and Tomochika.. . Overall this anime ...
Imagine the most busted isekai MC, and multiply that by 10. That sums up Yogiri Takatou, a high school boy who has the ability to instantly kill anyone by telling them to die. He and his classmates get summoned to another world by a sage who gives them all different types of powers and abilities. Sound familiar?. . Is the show good? yes and no, it's not that good of a plot, it's just a generic isekai. However the fact it plays into itself makes it good. This show is a trash isekai and it knows it. Pretty much every character is OP, they aren't afraid to ...
An amusing enough isekai with an OP protag that doesn't take itself seriously, and tries to have some semblance of plot and progression. Loses itself in way too many plotlines near the end though, and ends up being pretty forgettable. A good way to waste time, but nothing you'll get invested in.. . Not much but also not 0 fanservice. 3dfx is not super common but is noticable if you dislike that sort of thing. Characters don't really progress much so don't go hoping for that. It isn't a deep show, just generic romping.. . MAL wants me to say more but really that's all this show needs and ...
This show is enjoyable for sure.. . Let me start by saying this that if you're looking for some full on romance or full on hentai show then this is just not for you. This thing is a combination of both, which in my opinion is not half bad.. . The comedy in this show is golden. I do think the jokes are pretty good and the animation is well done. We do get to see the change in the behaviour of the protagonist as the story progresses. However, the perversion in this show is no joke which does ruin the fun for many fans. I'd still recommend ...
Story & Characters: Chained Soldier introduces us to a world where, in Japan, random gateways to another dimension open up, which are known as Mato. These dimensions contain an entirely different world where monsters known as Shuuki brainlessly kill everything in sight. They're actually quite aggressive. Yuuki Wakura, an every day high school, gets warped to one of these and are saved by the 7th Division Anti-Demon Corps. They are headed up by Kyouka Uzen, who has the power to enslave a Shuuki to do her bidding - which usually results in them fighting for her. Out of desperation, she ...
The character design is well drawn enough for me, even for the side character and that's all of it, there's almost no plot and kinda no point to understanding it since they rarely give any, it's more like a comedy isekai series with OP MC. If u are the kind of person who just wanna watch anime that has decent art & doesn't wanna think much, then this series probably fulfills your requirements for it, but if You want a plot then IMO there's none in this series. just to kill time and quickly forget about the anime soon enough.. . The series itself had a potential ...
Ever wanted to just enjoy hentai, but the sex got in the way?. Well here you go, a hentai without sex. You’re welcome 🤪. . The anime takes place at a boarding high school focused on training young men and women to be servants.. The school is also attendant by the children of higher class families who these servants may end up serving in the future.. . The majority of the students are female however. And only 5 guys.. You have the typical characters of a hentai harem: the childhood friend, the boy who is actually a cross-dressing girl, the mean blond with giant pigtails, the clumsy girl who ...
A slave that follows its master and in return gets an equal reward of sexual experiences.. . Chained Soldier follows Yuuki, who is a boy that becomes a part of the demon defense force in hopes of becoming a hero. He joins the team in a rather unusual way, but ends up becoming an important part of the team.. . The show in itself is fairly basic when it comes to its plot and characters, with not that much interesting to them. It is a harem anime and it is clear by the amount of women and how their characters are designed throughout the show. There is very much ...
Trashy isekai with the most busted MC to ever exist.. It fully leans into the most played out tropes and archetypes.. . The best thing about this show for me was that you really never know what kind of randomness awaits.. Nothing makes sense, it's incohesive and chaotic. No matter how much anime you've watched you'll have a hard time guessing what kind of ridiculous thing is going to happen next. The story is all over the place but that's not much of an issue as the main draw to this show is the kind of 4th wall breaking comedy.. . Animation quality is what you'd expect from a trashy ...
The isekai is too chaotic lol, on one hand they got a typical american city with skyscrapers and cars, but on the other hand they got those average medieval cities like in the typical isekai anime. The character's power concept of instant death ability is ngl very cool, but the world is just very chaotic theres even an episode where you have a magician fighting a mecha from another world, and in the final episode theres a giant ass robots that comes then they go back. But i think thats the point? Because the character does realize those points, so i feel like they are ...
So here's the thing. Goblin Slayer was a huge success of an anime, and reason being is that you get invested into the story so you can find out what led GS to become an adventurer, what happened to him and why is he so obsessed with goblins? Season 1 wrapped it all up nicely in the last episode and we got a happy ending, nothing left to discuss. It's safe to say this anime didn't need a 2nd season, and the only reason it got a 2nd season is because of its prequel's success.. But here's what I don't like about sequels, it completely and ...
Not all fan service are created equal and we can say just about the same for Mato Seihei No Slave (Chained Soldier). When the promos aired and the visuals started showing up on the Internet, many of us probably rolled our eyes as we see the amount of lascivious fan service. I confess to myself that as a manga reader, I came into the series for guilty pleasure rather than the story. While the premise doesn't seem entirely creatively bankrupt, it hardly sounds something that can be lucrative either. In our industry dominated by countless isekai, fantasy shows with cute girls, and fan service, Mato ...
I know I'm going to like it before watching as I see it on many post in the internet but I did not expect me to be waiting for it weekly and posting the meme It's Frieren Friday every Friday hahaha.. . Now that I got old my preference for anime is slice of life like Non-non Biyori, Yuru Camp you get the gist hehe. Frieren offer that with splash of action, fantasy, romance.. . The pairing of character in Frieren is really good also.. . We see many overpowered troupe in anime and I will say Frieren is one of them but what really like about it you can still ...
i remember watching this back alone at night in the year 2010 on the tv show in my bedroom when i feel was like maybe boring but for me it was fun when you watch it on the old days. im not sure how to describe it but at that time i miss this show when it was gone around May year 2010 so i have not forgotten i have watch this before so what was interesting about this show was about the killings deaths which a man has to investigate what really happen. but blood violence is not making me feel comfortable so one ...
"Sousou no Frieren". The great new anime, ranking very high in the MAL top. I was eager to start the series, but I found myself a bit disappointed, and I'll try to explain why.. . You might expect to see some epic fantasy, complex world building with strong character development. Maybe also some dark, intricate plot, that makes you feel the danger, the helplessness in the face of evil. Or maybe just experiencing the life in a medieval setting, with the struggles that come along in such a world.. . "Sousou no frieren" is not like that. Yes, it has some of these elements, but the main focus ...
I love cute animals. Always a fan when dogs or cats or dragons or (...) are an important part of a story. And so of course I was looking forward to "Fluffy Paradise"!. . A young girl is chosen to evaluate humans in a new world. A god is worried that they are too brutal to all other creatures and she has to decide whether he is right. As a prepayment, she is given the ability to make every animal love her.. . Omg a tiger - and then a dog and a dragon - oha even a little bird I can't get over it!. Like I said, I love ...
Any cure is a slow process.. Unlike this anime, for that matter. Rushed towards the last few episodes, which crush every bit of expectations you were slowly accumulating over the progress of an anime with an unusual theme. It's an absolute pity, because for those who enjoy a nice change of pace, this anime was starting good, if not - at the very least - steadily.. Then suddenly, it comes down crashing when every problem is a medical one resolved by the way of godly powers which absolutely undeserve the anime theme. If you've nothing better to do, you can watch this anime but keep in ...
Happy Lesson: The Final is quite possibly the most unfulfilling ending to a series I've seen in a long time. Going into it I thought, finally, a conclusion... of the heart. Would Fumitsuki confess (again) and end up that doting schoolgirl who gets together with her crush, or would Kanna steal him away and find out in the end he'd always had a thing for her? I was excited to find out.. . The choice was surprising, though not in a good way. It's made obvious early on who Chitose likes more, and in the process, diminishes both the final scene, as well as the continuity of ...
A 6.5 in my list. It's a good watch, but it feels like a missed opportunity... which is funny, considering that one of the major themes of the anime revolves around missed opportunities.. . STORY: 6/10. The first weak link of the chain. The premise is promising, and while it's not exactly novel it's also different from your run-of-the-mill romance stories: a letter from your future self. The themes are also quite interesting, and definitely deeper than many other anime around: regret and suicide.. It's a pity that the writing is not up to the task. The premise gets wasted in shallow development, where the letter kills all the ...
A love that feels like 1000 years.. . “Millennium Actress” is one of those movies that's just about to be something, but isn't at all. An exploration on the film industry, but no, it's an observation on actors. A love story, that's more about the objective, not the destination. An interview, that's actually a love letter. It keeps changing, evolving, turning into a piece of a person's heart. What motivates a person to pursue art? To pursue love, to pursue a passion? What are everybody's motives to be where they ultimately are? In the end, you're where you stand, at this very moment, for a ...
When first season of goblin slayer came out, II was positively surprised with first few episodes (especially the first episode) that introduce us to the world of goblin slayer. How adventuring is not all cheerful as it looks like in some animes and how unforgiving and brutal can it be to unaware and overconfident adventurers. It was violence, merciless and brutal first episode that got me and most people hooked to this anime, but as season went anime became softer and easier going on what it tried to sell in first episode. And Season 2 sadly continues this trend.. . A little overview of second season: I ...
Note: there are some minor spoilers. . Although I have clear genres and type of entertainment I prefer and others I don’t and thus I don’t bother to check them much, I’m up to try different titles from time to time, especially if they have odd choices in storytelling, as I’m curious to see how they pull them off. That’s why recently I watched “Come and See”, which disregards certain elements and characters from its narrative and stretches some scenes for the sake of presentation of its crazy and horrifying view on war, and “My Dinner With André”, where the director just had the two actors play ...
Ishura - to fight to the bitter end, however who expected the ending to be just that?. . Meatgrinder, aka Battle royale, is a trope/genre that was popularized by Mirai Nikki and the Koushun Takami manga with the identical title in its heyday. Each author has a different take on this type of genre, but basically it's about creating a situation with a large number of characters who for some reason must survive and reduce their numbers as the story progresses. So what makes the difference between a good Battle Royale and a bad Battle Royale? Let's not get ahead of ourselves just yet and take ...
(MINOR SPOILER ALERT). . The movie made a ball move on using difference MC name yuta okkotsu, who is second year jjk highschooler in the main storyline. The movie kick off with yuta lost his lover when he little boy but the lover turn into curse monster (Rika). It got yuta a lot of problem but because of this he able to enter jjk school and gojo as the supervisor. The story mainly about yuta interact with maki, the salmon guy and panda. Afterward a villain geto suguru wanted rika because apparently he can kill all non sorcerer if he manage to steal it from yuta (If ...
I really wanted to love The Misfit of Demon King Academy: History’s Strongest Demon King Reincarnates and Goes to School with His Descendants (I don’t know why that title is so long). . The anime looks really interesting on the surface. But beneath that its kinda nonsensical and not very interesting.. . I like all the characters. I just find the plot itself to not be that interesting. And the villains aren't interesting. So as a result i was not able to get sucked into the story or even really care about the results.. . The main character is really cool but they made him too powerful where he can ...
Ishura - A pseudo-Juuni Taisen, or a much closer reference, Record of Ragnarok?. . At first glance, novelist Keiso's Ishura sounds exactly like what many of you would be similarly comparing this to: mangakas Shinya Umemura and Takummi Fukui's Shuumatsu no Walküre a.k.a Record of Ragnarok, and you would be right in the broad sense: fighters from all walks of life gathering together for a fated battle that would redeem the last man standing as the triumphant winner regarded as a Hero. But, where the action-fantasy elements are what make both Record of Ragnarok and Ishura regarded similarly, Ishura has a finite twist to the series that ...
Ninja Kamui is an anime that showcases stunning animation, drawing viewers in with its visually captivating sequences. However, beneath the surface lies a narrative that struggles to engage and characters that fail to evoke empathy or interest.. . The story follows the typical revenge trope, with our protagonist, Joe, seeking vengeance for the loss of his loved ones. Yet, despite the tragic circumstances, the storytelling falls flat, lacking depth and failing to create meaningful connections with the audience.. . The characters, including Joe, feel like mere shells, lacking the development needed to make them relatable or compelling. Viewers are left struggling to sympathize with their struggles or understand their ...
It's a pretty chill anime and honestly in the middle of the show i got bored a little ! at first it was fun to see the male lead and his upcoming struggles but later this becomes a slice of life ! the comedy is there but it's like sprinkles and the other characters are just there ! as the plot progress they just exists ! all in all it's a pretty decent light hearted anime ! it's not great but not that bad !well i started this anime to see harem ! i mean can you blame me there only ladies in main character's ...
The first thing you have to understand is that the anime is meant to be a critique on the Takarazuka Revue’s ‘Top Star’ system. The theater company had a significant influence on anime and otaku culture, inspiring greats like Osamu Tezuka to create the similarly influential Ribon no Kishi, and Ikuhara, a director whose style you may recognize in the show itself. The link to Takarazuka is even clearer when you consider the series first premiered, so to speak, as a musical directed by Kodama Akiko who had experience doing the same for some productions from the company. In theory, with such a rich, alluring ...
I sort of have mixed feelings about this anime. So to start off, I have not read the manga so this is just from the perspective of a newcomer. This show started STRONG. Its animation is unique, the main character Clare is alluring and it's interesting to watch her character unfold, and the show overall has a beautiful theme.. . But there's really just one issue and it's such a big issue that I think it actually ruined the show for me. Clares companion, who's name is Raki, is the most annoying, stupid, idiotic, loud, and fucking obnoxious character I have ever seen in an anime. ...
Shield hero is Isekai which differs from classical Isekai, or is it? Well it used to be... When I first came across the first season, Shiled Hero surprised me as my expectations were classical cliché show. However story was well executed with a solid tempo, interesting charaters, plot twists and fun fights. All these things cannot be said about third season at all. Thing that latest season does. well is sloping into mediocrity. My boredom was that high, that I occasionally couldn’t even keep my attention from disturbing. elements like phone, dog or scratching my ass. This happens to me very rarely as I ...
I remeber when this dropped and I remember the trailer to it and everything, honestly though as much as I was hyped up, i felt like it wasn't holding up to it's portential. Fairly enough it was the animation that bugged me, on a point you can have the animation change a little bit through like a fight scene or something, but the animation felt too sharp. Overall it was good, I would recommend but I also just perfer to recommend the manga instead, because I found the reading experinece much better and more like dramatic in the tone better then watching the anime.. Also ...
“Restaurant to Another World” is what happens when You have a lack of food porn in Your life.. . One day a young, hungry demon girl, named Aletta, stumbles into a place that she has never seen before. Thinking it’s a dream she helps herself to the food she finds there. The next day she is found by the owner of the establishment. Terrified, she explains the situation and hearing her story the Owner offers her a job in his restaurant. A restaurant that has connections to different places in another world.. . Let’s get this out of the way. If You want a show with an overarching ...
I grabbed this title after finishing Oreimo (which I liked).. . What to say about Eromanga... as a stand alone anime, it doesn't really do anything to set it apart from a generic story. You got your stepbro/stepsis that aren't actually related, some otaku culture, cute/ero scenes, a very light sad backstory and.... that's it. We didn't even get an answer about why Sagiri (girl MC) doesn't want to come out of her room. If I had to rate it as a first watcher, it's maybe a 6.. . Now, if you watched Oreimo, you will enjoy this story much more. Basically it feels like an anime made ...
I don’t think I like this show. Yeah, sorry guys. It’s rather disappointing for me because I don’t even think this is a bad show, like I don’t hate it or anything like that, but I’m personally not a fan. I mean after finishing it today I'd say that I feel pretty indifferent towards it, but I actually didn't feel that way when I first started watching it.. . You see Bleach is a show that I watched at the start of this year for the first time. And I never grew up watching this show, I never even heard of it until I started watching ...
Neon Genesis Evangelion is my favorite anime of all time. This film, for most of it's run time, is the first 6 episodes of the original NGE, but worse.Most of the shots in the movie are taken 1:1 from the original with different background details and a more toned down color palette. This is until the last 20 minutes or so when there is a major plot divergence and film starts actually doing it's own thing visually. During this final portion the film becomes Evangelion, but different. I just wish this whole movie was Evangelion but different, rather than Evangelion but worse.
Neon Genesis Evangelion is my favorite anime of all time. This film, for most of it's run time, is the first 6 episodes of the original NGE, but worse.Most of the shots in the movie are taken 1:1 from the original with different background details and a more toned down color palette. This is until the last 20 minutes or so when there is a major plot divergence and film starts actually doing it's own thing visually. During this final portion the film becomes Evangelion, but different. I just wish this whole movie was Evangelion but different, rather than Evangelion but worse.
Felt like I was missing what everyone else was seeing. The characters are good, but the story ends very suddenly and without a solid conclusion. Many say that you should read the manga after finishing, but I don't understand why I should rate the show well if it doesn't stand as a finished product on its own merit. It's very pretty and colorful, but it is very held back. I like MOST of the characters but feel as though I don't get attached to any of them, or the MC.. 6/10. Not the worst I've seen, but unsatisfying which makes it more painful.
Spoiler-less, TL;DR, fast, simple, and easy-to-digest review:. . "Mom can we have Avengers: Endgame?", "We have Avengers: Endgame at home", Avengers: Endgame at home:. . 5/10. . Animation? Excellent (+++). Crisp, hype, and jaw-dropping fight scenes. This season might have the best fights in this series. This is peak animation in SAO so far. Good job animators!. . Characters? Ok (+). FINALLY OMG!!! MY BOI KLEIN FINALLY HAD HIS MOMENT! HIS ENTRANCE IS SO FCKING AWESOME!!! THE WAY HE DROPPED IN IS LIKE ME DROPPING INTO THE WARZONE AS SNOOP DOGG WITH NICKI MINAJ AND JOHN WICK FROM FORTNITE! YEAH GET EM KLEIN!... oh for other characters? Pretty decent. Most of them do not disappoint... ...
I don't watch nearly as much anime as I did in my formative teenage years, but whenever a new show pops up that people don't shut up about I try to make an effort to see what all the fuss is about. I did initially try to watch Jujutsu Kaisen as it was airing, got through season 1, thought it was pretty ok, and then didn't feel the need to go back when season 2 came out and thought that maybe the hype would die down.. . It didn't.. . So I said fine and made the effort to rewatch season 1 and then all of season 2 ...
I figured another review would be helpful, so here's mine: I watched this OVA after I'd already finished the main anime. (And as I'm playing the mobile game.) Seeing a "return" to 2D animation was nice, but unfortunately, the animation of this specific OVA is very low quality. A shame, when S1 of BanG Dream! stood out for its pretty animation. The 3D is equally bad as it was in S1, so... that's pretty unfortunate. This is a short, plain "beach episode". There is no story to speak of. The girls wear cool looking swimsuits, but I'm not sure I needed to see angles specifically ...
Spoiler-less, TL;DR, fast, simple, and easy-to-digest review:. . War, War never changes..., or does it?. . 5/10. . Animation? Good (++). While they maintained the animation quality from the previous season (which is top notch in the series btw), there are some... budget cuts. Animation downgraded a bit by relying on sone 2.5 D elements and same animation of multiple soldiers in a huge battlefield. IK its hard to animate this by hand but can you make it not noticeable?. . Characters? Ok (+). ...
Frieren, with how popular fantasy d&d themed anime over the past decade, i would say it is taking a relatively unique approach and for not making it harem, and that's... The only pros I've found apparently. . For the cons unfortunately, there's so much of missing opportunity i personally spotted, from how it is constantly fall for the flaw you can found in some overrated show by ignoring the basic "show and not tell" making most characters narrating the situation and goes as far as telling how philosophical the scene is, which also lead to the next flaw, the show wasn't that deep, but the writers trying ...
Spoiler-less, TL;DR, fast, simple, and easy-to-digest review:. . Swords, Swords, MORE SWORDS!!!. . 6/10. . Animation? Excellent (+++). This is by far the season with the best art style and animation in the series... yet! Fight scenes are way superior to previous ones.. . Characters? Ok (+). ...
first ever anime i watched. and the way i found out was because of the snoop dog meme of this anime intro. however due to this being my first ever anime i am somewhat biased about it. so i wouldn't recommend this to anyone really, especially since there is tons of new way cooler anime nowadays. uh looking back on this it wasn't that good but my bias still says it great. anyway the story was eh, but thats because its a slice of life. characters were ok i guess. the dog definetly carried the anime fight me if u disagree and uh yeah i ...
Cute but boring.. . Futaba is a cute flat-chested pipsqueak office worker. Who gets angry when people treat her like a little kid. She is bothered by the fact that her girlfriends tend to get attention due to their boobs.. She wants to be seen as a woman by her coworker Takeda who is the complete opposite of Futaba. In that he is big, tall, loud and gentle.. . Funny enough the two characters you’d think would be the main characters of a romance slice of life, Kazama and Sakurai, are the side characters.. Sakurai is the “perfect girl” whose sweet and who all the guys want. Kazama is the quiet ...
Classroom for Heroes is one of those anime that make a revelation, and after watching them, you can better understand the anime.. . Let me explain:. . Anime, like other artistic expressions, has genres. One of the main ones is comedy.. . However, after watching Classroom for Heroes, I realized that anime actually has two types of comedy. The first is the classic, which can be compared to the same comedy from TV series or movies. Examples? Ranma 1/2, Spy x Family, or One Punch Man.. . However, there is another branch of humor in anime. I’ll call it “Crazy Japanese Humor.” What kind of comedy is this? This comedy is characterized by ...
This anime is a hidden gem that unfolds its brilliance slowly but surely. At first glance, it might not grab your attention, but give it time, and you’ll find yourself drawn into a world that’s both intriguing and rich in detail. There are moments so touching that they’ll bring a tear to your eye.. . One such moment, which I’ll keep as a surprise, touches the heart in a way that makes you feel an intimate bond with the characters. Another moment, though, is a double-edged sword; it’s as unsettling as it is moving, leaving a complex mix of emotions in its wake.. . The anime’s conclusion, however, is ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2024!. . Story (5). The story is about a woman who died because of overwork and reincarnated in another world where all the fluffy animals are on there. Not only animals but also other races such as people that have fur and animal ears. In the middle of their journey, a lot of events occur and somehow the MC can manage all of those problems. But I prefer a lot of action rather than a peaceful village.... . Art (7). The art in this anime is good. I like how they can use the color to make it feel like in another fantasy ...
If you want an anime that doesn't take itself seriously at all including: corny dialogue, silly characters, goofy fight sequences and ass-pulls, I'd say give it a shot. It does these things in a way that didn't leave a sour taste in my mouth because it does these things unapologetically.. . For me this part is everything I enjoy, the unapologetic unseriousness and the bizarre situations that come along with it. The pacing does not drag it is one weird situation to the next and you never feel like the characters are talking their heads off because of how funny the cast is, villains included. The ...
A girl I liked at the time made me watch this show, right after I finished she ended up ghosting me and later getting a boyfriend. The show does always remind me of it whenever I see anything related to it.. . Overall the anime was fine, not my cup of tea, but I can see why people like it. The anime was older so the art style is different than most modern animes, still pretty enjoyable. 5/10 for me since I’m pretty neutral on it. I would 100% recommend this to anyone who likes older animes.. . Note: I’ve moved on and I am completely fine lol
Good visuals and Audio hampered by terrible writing.. . The first episode seemed good, every arc after that has extremely obvious or out of left field twist, the limited cast of characters are interesting at first, but shallow (this is a plot driven show so this is okay), despite this, concept is unique. It's annoying that the story doesn't seem to be able to deliver satisfying developments based on the premise, I assume this is not the fault of the studio, as this was based off a manga.. . This is a product that could cater to the Agame Ga Kill/ High School of the Dead audience ...
Watched with Subtitles.. Source Material : Unread. . Drug Store in Another World: The Slow Life of a Cheat Pharmacist is a superficial isekai fantasy. It's a crude attempt at disguising an average fantasy under the isekai banner to garner the coalesced viewership.. . The fleeting references of MC's previous world and life are dreary and unexciting. The plot does not have anything unique to offer, anything to provide this title a base of it's own. The main and recurring character's have very little to no development throughout the series, while supporting characters are better in this regard. One theme running across the whole twelve episodes is the change ...
This anime literally gave me a stroke. I know I can't stop you from watching it because of how acclaimed it is, but it genuinely enraged me to the point that I have to post a review.. . Maybe Nana is a masterpiece and I am the one with no taste. But I had such a bad time that I am willing to be biased. This show is hot garbage. Why is every single character borderline insane? Why can't they go to therapy? Instead they torture themselves, each other, and innocent me. Is this a hidden public service media to educate youth on the importance of ...
Have you ever wanted to see a man get overly excited over tea? Or go to great lengths to obtain a piece of glazed pottery? If so then keep reading.. . Hyouge Mono is a fictional account of the real life Japanese tea ceremony master Sasuke Furuta (Furuta Oribe) who served as a retainer to Oda Nobunaga and later Hideyoshi. . The anime is a light seinen comedy but retains heavy historical elements of the Sengoku period and depicts several important events that occurred thoughout said period and shows several dramatic moments thoughout while retaining a sense of comedy never really becoming too serious.. . The plot follows ...
Terra Formars shows promise with its diverse cast, action-packed scenes, and a storyline that gradually builds interest. However, it struggles to establish meaningful connections with its characters, resulting in uneven development and a narrative that feels more like setup than substantial progression. While some characters receive adequate attention, others remain underdeveloped, limiting emotional investment. Despite these issues, the series gains momentum towards the end, hinting at deeper plotlines and mysteries. Its strength lies in its action sequences, delivering excitement, intensity, and brutality; although the animation leaves room for improvement. Terra Formars offers a blend of promising elements, yet its narrative structure leaves the impression that ...
“As for what’s in the upcoming season, this one makes it seem like only the war is left to shown, but if the visual quality of the second season remains the same, the fights will look ridiculous.”. . I wrote this at some point on my review of the first season and it looks like I was mostly right, except for the fact that the visuals somehow became way worse. There are almost no moments when the artwork looks good and there are a lot of inconsistencies in the character models, the backgrounds were improved from the previous installment, as they no longer have the bad CGI ...
So Fluffy I Could Die.. . If you’re the type of person who enjoys light-hearted isekai and is also an animal lover or a crazy pet owner whose heart bursts out of their chest at the thought of touching fluff and floof then you may appreciate a couple of episodes of Fluffy Paradise. A story about an overworked office lady working herself to death and then reincarnating as the daughter of a noble family in another fantasy world with a Snow White ability to make every animal love her so she gets to touch, pet, and play with as much fluff and floof, fur, feathers and ...
I’m actually a bit disappointed with this one. I usually really like these types of movies and romance dramas, but this one did not click with me. Lets split it up into smaller aspects and give them a spoiler free rating:. . Animation: 8/10. The Animation was probably one of the best things about this movie. While the characters could‘ve been designed a bit better maybe, the backgrounds and lightning is looks very stunning and it‘s an overall very beautifully animated movie.. . Voice Acting: 7.5/10. The Voice Acting wasn‘t anything outstanding, the sub Voices were quite nice, but I feel like te dub voices sound a bit too old for ...
Probably one of the most chill anime around - er no pun intended.. . Polar bear's cafe is a slice of life comedy about a lazy Panda who spends his time at a Polar Bear'a cafe. Polar Bear Cafe begins when Panda discovers PBC after chasing a butterfly whilst looking for jobs to apply for. Even though he isn't hired to work there, he still frequents it as a patron and friend of Polar Bear. . The setting is a small town Cafe in Japan where humans and animals co-exist.. . Aside from Panda & Polar Bear there's also:. . Penguin whom enjoys coffee but Polar bear seems to ...
The story, characters, and world building is definitely very well fleshed out, giving the series an overall depth and seriousness. However, I found the occasional random moments of comedy to be really forced and childish. It is so pervasive in the beginning that it almost detracts from the overall tone of the show. I unfortunately didn't like this at all, so I needed up dropping the series, but I can see how a lot of people might like this. I'd definitely recommend trying the first couple of episodes out so that you can see whether you'll like the random moments of comedy. Overall: 7/10.
Feel-good isekai slop that starts out cute and fun and turns more serious as it goes along and not for the better.. . The tl;dr on the plot is that a young career woman dies from stress, wishing that she could've at least had the pleasure of touching the fur of her parents' cat, so she is reincarnated as a noble girl by a god, with the ability of being uniquely attractive towards all animals and monsters alike, an ability she wanted so she could 'touch all the fur', but is also tasked with judging the world on the side of humans or monsters, as they can't ...
Hataraku Saibou. This was a great and educational anime to watch, im gonna go give a 8.49 ratings for the anime.. . A unique anime, packing an ordinary story with science as its attraction. It's an original concept and that's why I love it. The story offered basically only adapts to the theme brought by this anime which is a story about red blood cells. The illustrations and analogies of the characters depicted as cells in our bodies are really well executed and provide useful knowledge to the audience so that they are not only entertained but also educated. Although it is true for story lovers, this anime ...
If you're looking for good amimation and hot characters then give it a go. If you want good plot and interesting main characters then skip this show.. . I really wanted to like this because the plot seemed interesting, but unfortunately it's just super underdeveloped. It takes like 15 episodes to learn the truth behind the war/family and its still pretty incomplete. It's like the whole show they gave me enough to think it would grow.. . I felt like I learned more about Hotsuma and Kuroto's stories, personalities and backstories than anyone that was supposed to be a main character. I kinda wanted more development like that. ...
Wow... 26 films... I was really excited to see Detective Conan Anime Film in a theather after like 28 years or something. I used to watch the tv anime on television when i was at junior high. I remember it as amazing, but the film was not that good.... . I was not sure what was going on in some scenes. lol Yeah, i haven't seen the previous 25 films of Detective Conan, but i don't think that was the reason. It wasn't very believable as well... I mean some aspect of the story, like the new tecnology, face recognition system or whatever its name was... ...
Fluffy Paradise - Saving the world, one fluffy creature at a time.. . I swear to the Isekai gods: you have 1001 creative ways to make it interesting, but you forget the ONE thing that makes it sweeter, and that is the actual plot more than anything. if Mushoku Tensei or even Re:Zero hadn't taught you that content is KING, it means that you have failed in engaging with your audience. And that is what exactly happened with one of the newest Isekai shows of the year: novelist Himawari's Isekai de Mofumofu Nadenade suru Tame ni Ganbattemasu. a.k.a Fluffy Paradise, specifically geared towards the Shoujo side of ...
The anime starts strong but quickly fizzles into a forgettable addition to the season. The main protagonist's journey, which is central to the source material, takes a backseat to showcasing the jealousy of other characters. This detracts from the main plot and introduces a cast of annoying personalities that could have been streamlined.. . The protagonist herself comes across as lacking in social graces, despite not being portrayed as anti-social or introverted. This disconnect between her personality and actions creates a frustrating viewing experience. Overall, Akuyaku Reijo feels like a missed opportunity. With a tighter narrative and a focus on the main character's growth, this could have ...
The story is pretty straightforward, with quite a few cliches, and most of the twists ( so far) are quite predictable. The characters don't have a lot of depth, but the action and soundtrack elevate the overall experience, thus I have found myself entertained enough to finish all released episodes so far.. . It's a bit of a shame that the story, setting, and ninja lore with its blend of sci-fi aren't expanded on more ( so far). This story HAD the potential to be much better, despite its cliches. E.g. a dangerous man's family gets brutally murdered and he embarks on a journey of blood and ...
Spoiler-less, TL;DR, fast, simple, and easy-to-digest review:. . Almost Mid, OP, Fantasy-Action Junkfood (that people can't stop eating). . 6/10 (Edited review. SAO: Abridged by Something Witty Entertainment review added!). . Animation? Excellent (+++). Woah I didn't expect this trash anime to have one of the GOAT in animation. Great battle scenes as well.. . Characters? Meh (-). ...
Chillin' in My 30s after Getting Fired from the Demon King's Army was entertaining, but nothing extra. It's a little bit too much in emotions and there are in not the right place in the srory, like when they want to kill each other in the first minute, but they became best friends 2 minutes later whithout any reason... It could be better, if they follow the manga, but they didn't and they have cutted out lot from the story and every fanservice part, even a kiss couldn't stay in the anime. It's a shame.. I hope they will change that in the second season, if ...
My overall take: An entertaining premise that has its moments, but doesn't quite reach its full potential.. . In this movie, Nobita and his friends re-enact the 16th Century Chinese novel Journey to the West. The idea of the Doraemon cast role-playing as Journey to the West protagonists and using Doraemon's gadgets to replicate the events of the story is fun, and once the main characters settle into their roles, this film is not a bad time. I'll even forgive the fact that the main thing Shizuka does is get kidnapped by monsters, given that she's playing the part of Tang Sanzang and that's essentially his shtick ...
My overall take: A very solid family adventure film... that I cannot honestly recommend.. . In this movie, Nobita and his friends explore Central Africa and discover a hidden civilization. This is a film that establishes (or at least solidifies) many recurring elements of future Doraemon films. The main characters go on an adventure in an exotic setting, using Doraemon's gadgets to live and travel comfortably. They come across an isolated society that is being menaced in some way, and team up with newfound allies to overcome the threat. However, even with the reuse of this formula and overlapping themes in later films, I think Nobita and ...
My overall take: An unusual Doraemon film in terms of character dynamics and focus. Not quite my cup of tea.. . In this movie, Nobita and Doraemon meet the pioneering settlers of a distant planet and protect them from an evil corporation that wants to mine the planet's resources. This is an unusual Doraemon movie in a number of ways, probably due to it being such an early film installment in the franchise. Something that is well known to Doraemon fans is that the main characters tend to come across as better friends in the movies than in the regular manga chapters or anime episodes. (For example, ...
My overall take: A competent, straightforward remake of a classic Doraemon film.. . This is a remake of Nobita's Dinosaur (1980), in which the main character Nobita uses one of Doraemon's gadgets to revive the fossilized egg of a plesiosaur and keeps the hatchling as a pet. I found the original plot to be serviceable but straightforward and relatively unremarkable, and it has not been changed much in this movie outside of minor details. However, the remake does include some tweaks to the climax and additional character moments that I liked. It is also visually interesting; besides the switch to digital animation and updated designs for many ...
My overall take: A fine first entry in the Doraemon film series, but not the best of the franchise.. . Here we go, the one that started this impressively long-running film series. The premise of this movie is that the main character Nobita uses one of Doraemon's gadgets to revive the fossilized egg of an extinct marine reptile, a plesiosaur, and keeps the hatchling as a pet. Much could be said about the scientific elements of the movie (as a paleontologist, I'm obligated to point out that Piisuke is not actually a dinosaur), but this is not the website to go on at length about that.. . Leaving aside ...
The idea of video game mechanics as the power system isn't anything original, but it works well in Solo leveling, as the rest of the cast is "stuck" with their original powerlevel, Sung is the only one who can level up by training and fighting. Even tho that can be an lame excuse to make an overpowered mc with no restrictions, i don't rly mind it. In one episode you se Sung learning a power and actually making use of it in the next ones, like the mobility/healing/buff moves.. . The staff realy made a fine job adapting the anime, some scenes realy stand out, in ...
Mononoke is a horror themed anime anthology consisting of 5 stories split into 2 or 3 episodes each. . Our main character is the medicine seller who may or may not be based off Abe no Semei the famous Onmyoji as he has a fox like appearance. . Is the medicine seller human? Its never revealed who he is.. . Mononoke takes place between the end of the Edo period(1600s - 1860s) and Meiji era of Japan (1860s - 1900s) as such the culture and clothing is shown thoughout.. . The premise revolves around the medicine seller entering a place and finding it plagued with a Mononoke, basically a ghost. He must first ...
I give it a 5 - it features two straight episodes of exposition which kills the show for me - I rate on how much I've enjoyed a show, not as an objective or comparative score.. . It's an Isekai with variations, such as 'what if the main character wasn't the intended summon' and 'what if healing isn't just healing', neither of which are unique, but it's engaging enough all the same.. There are some interesting ideas, such as there being a trio of summoned heroes, one an accident, one hesitant and one enthusiastic about the situation.. The way healing is just as a personal boost ...
The pace is very slice-of-lifey, so it's hard to get absorbed into it if you don't have the best attention span. That said, the characters make it worth-while since they're unique and realistic. I haven't really seen some of the conflicts before portrayed in anime in the same way, and it feels like a lot of this show can be summed up as "not everyone is as they appear." A lot of the more trope-like characters often have hidden details making them more complex. The plot is pretty standard for a slice-of-life school anime, but the characters push this anime to an 8 for me.
Megalobox II Nomad is a difficult pill to swallow. . The story takes place 7 years later after Gearless Joe became the megalobox champion.. . We find out that Joe has vanished from the public eye but we the audience know he is back on the underground circuit as "Nomad". . He somehow ended up a drug addict addicted to painkillers after Megalobox and is dependent on them to function after his body took all those beatings.. . the kids are all grown up now and everybody has left Joe.. . A series of events happened that we didn't get to see but are told in flashbacks involving Nanbu and ...
Honestly, I went into this anime with some pretty high hopes, but in the end, I was left feeling pretty let down. Maybe I was a bit too generous with the score I ended up giving it, but hey, that's just me.. . The storyline mostly centers around the usual school life stuff, but with a few quirky twists thrown in. Things seem to be going smoothly for the male lead, who's engaged to a girl, until the final episode comes along and totally drops the ball. It felt incredibly unsatisfying, and I think that's a big part of why I wound up disappointed with the whole ...
TLDR: This Anime is the textbook definition of mediocrity.. . The show starts off with MC doing generic MC stuff with little to info on whether or not Truck-kun isekaied him. When we were graced with how he's so power, it's so lame they only refence that skill once again and it wasn't even useful. And the rest of the show is plot Armor. The end. You could watch 2 episodes side by side at 2x and not miss anything but if you did, just put some random generic isekai trope and you've missed nothing. The fights we, "oh no. this overpowered monster will destroy the village. ...
I did not like MIA the golden city as much as I hoped I would.. . The main issue is the fact that the entirety of the season takes place within the aforementioned golden city. A denizen of alien creatures stranded in the 6th layer who succumbed to the curse of the abyss. . The city is very alien in design and atmosphere with strange creatures, tribal buildings and horrifying dimensional creations like a toilet made of tongues.. . I didn't like how the sense of adventure was lost and instead our trio spend 12 episodes just chilling in the city instead of exploring the abyss.. . We are ...
This anime is in general fine, with decent animation and story, it's definitely going to keep you entertained enough while you watch it, however, for fans of the game, be warned, this is not a great adaptation.. . The anime adaptation alters the traits of the main characters, turning Alicia into a rather generic tsundere, Faldio into that shirtless slightly creepy womaniser archetype, and rosie and largo into 'grr always angry' grizzled veterans. Now i'm not saying that these weren't aspects of their characters in the game (Except Alicia, she was never even a bit Tsundere), but the great thing about the game's characters is they all ...
World Trigger starts pretty strong if you can get past the first couple episodes. It has good world building and all the invasion stuff is very entertaining. It does... have issues, however. And they become very apparent in seasons 2 and 3. Season 1 also has a large pointless filler arc that didn't even get dubbed that you can just skip completely: episodes 49-63.. . The biggest issues are pacing and one dimensional characters. Characters also get very little progression and often end up repeating the same progression arcs over and over ad nauseam. Even when they finally seem to get over it and you're like "oh ...
.hack//Roots is okay. Just okay.. . It's more action based and Shonen then its predecessor .hack//Sign. . The story revolves around an assassin player named Haseo who is determined to find a guy named Tri-Edge and save his online waifu from being in a coma. . . I LOVED .hack//Sign and the sequel is just..underwhelming.. . This isn't a bad anime. The action is great and the world is interesting however it all feels very Shonen troupe.. . ...
Beyblade Burst God (or evolution) is the sequel to Beyblade Burst.. . The story takes place after Valt becomes Japan's champion and joins a team similar to soccer.. . Because apparently that is how beyblade works. So he joins the team BC Sol from Spain.. . The premise is Valt and his team battling bladers from around the world and rising to the top once again.. . I'll be honest, Evolution was a letdown for me. A lot of people liked it but I couldn't get into it.. . ...
(For all purposes this review was written using Sub version). . Reviewing a comedy is hard.. . Comedy is very subjective to the watcher, we can't really say "oh this is hilarious" because other people might not think so.. . Given that, Africa Salaryman is funny. At least I found it funny. However the charm wears off after a while.. . The animation is heavy CGI made to look like hand drawn animation. But you can tell it's CGI.. . ...
mid asf and extremely overrated.... this shi gon fall off even harder than My Hero Academia.. . art - 9/10 as it should be for a 2024 release by a huge studio. . story 4/10. i dont care about the story at all its boring as shii got me zoning out every 5 minutes. . characters 7/10 few cool characters but a lot of extremely jarring annoying pointless characters too, they will also interrupt the story buy giving you a 5 minute backstory of a character just before they die... like WHY?. . watch it if you got nothing else to watch but dont prioritise watching this as its not worth ...
I recently checked out "Brynhildr in the Darkness" and wanted to share my thoughts. It's one of those shows that falls into the harem category, but it tries to mix in other genres too. Gotta say, it's alright, but it didn't blow me away.. . Let's start with the good stuff. The animation is solid, the music sets the mood nicely, and the voice acting is on point. But when it comes to the story, well, it's kind of forgettable. You've got this mishmash of mystical, extraterrestrial, conspiracy, and harem themes all thrown together, and it just doesn't quite gel. The pacing is slow, and it feels ...
A music video for the Japanese boy band arashi, set in the world of One Piece, where members of the band go on adventures together with the Straw Hats. Later they jump with the Thousand Sunny to Japan where arashi gives a concert. The music video is not badly animated and actually quite well realised. I hate the design of the band members because they all have such a stupid smugface. The song is not my personal favourite either. it's just a pop song. It's definitely cool as a fan of Arashi to see them interacting with the straw hats, but I just find the ...
This show is a tricky one to review. Pinning down all the heads of this hydra is quite tricky, because I'm not quite sure where to even begin. For a tl;dr just skip to the end, but if you're actually thinking about watching this, I'll lay out the foremost of my thoughts.. . I guess the best place to start is with the first episode, because this is absolutely going to be the biggest barrier. This first episode is where I'd say 95% of the people who drop it will drop it. The first episode starts by sucking the skin off Super Smash ...
Too generic and slow, I think it aged kinda bad.. Most characters are pretty shallow, their ''role model'' define them too much, the sports girl has only the sports girl personality, the nerd guy will only be the nerd guy, and so on.. For how much people praise it, I can only assume at the time these standards generic characters were something new. . The comedy is kinda weak, I was really expecting some points on this subject since the idea has a strong power for that, sadly this anime takes itself a little bit too serious, its a big hit on the comedy department.. If you want a subversion ...
After watching a lot of anime with large unraveling stories, fantastical worlds, and crazy powers, My Dress Up Darling was a nice breather from all of that.. . To tell you the truth there isn’t much to write about this show just due to how simple it is. It has enough drama and character moments to carry it along but it’s not anything you haven’t seen before. It follows very similar tropes to almost any other romance story… but still, I can’t deny, I had a good time watching this from beginning to end and unfortunately I am a sucker for romance stories.. . To an extent I think ...
Ga-Rei: Zero focuses on the turmoil that emerges when the city falls into the grip of supernatural creatures and the team of the most competent operatives in the frontlines of containment. At the height of their misfortune, a former ally disowns them, with a parallel development that weaves the story into the tapestry of classics such as Berserk and Gungrave, telling a tragic tale of lost friendship. However, the series aims at revenge-based tension, but it fails to reach the apex of such tales.. . Right in the center of plot are Kagura Tsuchimiya and Yomi Isayama, who have their bond full of clichés and intertwined with ...
I found myself somewhat enjoying this anime, although the comedy didn't always hit the mark for me. While certain episodes managed to elicit more laughter, showcasing a better execution of humor, the inconsistency in comedic delivery meant that the overall amusement was uneven. The series does a commendable job of poking fun at common shonen tropes, which adds an interesting layer for viewers familiar with the genre. However, this aspect alone wasn't enough to fully captivate my interest or significantly enhance my viewing experience. Taking everything into consideration, I would rate it a 6 out of 10. . The uniqueness of the story varies; while it ...
Jumped into this not knowing what to expect and ended up getting hooked on the journey of these girls aiming to reach Antarctica. It's more than just an adventure; it's about breaking free from your comfort zone and chasing your dreams, which is pretty inspiring. The way each character has their own reasons and fears, but still pushes forward, makes the story relatable and the group dynamic interesting. Plus, the animation when they showcase the landscapes and the harsh beauty of Antarctica is seriously cool, adding a whole new level to the experience.. . But while the concept and the character development are top-notch, there were times ...
I have never seen a creepier anime in my life until Mushoku Tensei. When people say “anime is weird” or “anime is creepy”, they are talking about shows like these. Mind you, the show is actually decent at face value with interesting world building, magic system etc but the characters are horrible, especially the MC who is a literal pedo that we are supposed to somehow root for at the end of it all.. . Sexual Harassment, rape, pedophilia and child abuse is shrugged off and played for gags at multiple points in the show including in the very first episode when Rudy, our MC gets horny ...
This show is significantly underrated, likely because of its over-the-top tone that can put off some viewers. It won't be everyone's cup of tea, but if given a chance, it's rather enjoyable with plenty of wholesome moments. When I watched the first episode, the princess's exaggerated reactions certainly irked me, but I felt that the show's overall approach seemed okay, so I continued to watch with an open mind. It took several episodes to get into it (more characters get introduced), but I did end up growing to like the show.. . Viewers will need to watch while keeping in mind that the tone is one of ...
The film was acceptable. However, the plot was overly complex for the allotted runtime. Extending the duration by approximately thirty-five minutes could have been advantageous. My selection of this anime was arbitrary. While the cover art was quite impressive, the anime itself was unremarkable.. . If you're a fan of 90s anime, you'll likely enjoy this film. However, be mindful of what you're getting into. I viewed the English-dubbed version, which is quite decent. I've encountered far worse dubs. Among the voice actors, Roger May stands out as the most skilled, although even he can occasionally come across as unconvincing, particularly during scenes involving swearing, which can ...
Abomination of a main character. Simply put, he’s a bitch through and through. His entire focus is on saving the girl that abandoned him and has no motivation to climb the tower other than for her. There are times where an intelligent character would just give up and save themselves, but no, he is determined to help this girl that he should have no reason to help.. . Every character other than the main two are great though, enough to almost make up for the atrocity of Bam. I enjoy the setting of the tower and the way that the “tests” are administered. A big selling ...
just another summary. The most important scenes of the season are played while Lena reports on them. If you've taken a longer break between seasons 1 and 2 and can't remember certain details from the first season, you can definitely watch the episode. But it's no substitute for the actual season. If you only watch this summary and skip to the second season, you probably won't really understand the story. Also, you shouldn't miss the good atmosphere and worldbuilding of the first season. It's not a bad summary, but you only need to watch it if you don't remember the first season well.
Overall this is a relatively faithful adaptation of the original in terms of content covered; however, the added content may take away from the setting instead of adding to it.. . While I liked the original manga quite a bit. I think that the adaptation is a mixed bag with low quality animation and added and reordered scenes placed for shock value. I think that this emphasis for shock value generally takes away from the original work which had the horror elements pretty subtle until the third or fourth chapter and from there on out the horror aspect is generally downplayed whereas in the adaptation the ...
I recently checked out "Koihime Musou," and I gotta say, it's pretty interesting. So, it's based on a game that's, uh, let's say, not exactly PG-rated. But here's the twist: all the characters from that game, who are originally from the "Romance of the Three Kingdoms" novel, are now ladies.. . The main story revolves around this gal named Kan'u Unchou and her crew of fellow females. They're on a mission to bring some peace to a world that's basically tearing itself apart with war.. . Now, what sets this anime apart from your typical harem show is that there's no dude at the center of attention. It's all ...
It was basically a filler season, the focus of the stars and Anya's evolution at school didn't exist. This season's episodes would be great in a movie, but for the 2nd season they didn't go down well, as I said, I missed the development of the anime's main plot. Overall, it wasn't bad, a 7 because it had its fun and cute moments, but disappointed because it was filler. I believe that in the next season, the focus on the main plot will return, but as some people have said, Spy x Family has become a successful franchise, and they will try to make as ...
I have to give this 10 minute psychedelic sequence credit for having a very pretty art style. I did get an experience, which was my driving motivation to watch it, but the story is very one note. The boy is indeed with child, I don't know why, and the symbolism throughout remains illusive to me. To be honest, the body horror, which I think is supposed to be what stands out most, is very subpar aside from the breathing sounds from our lovely protagonist being rather uncomfortable at times. I don't think you would lose anything by watching it since it is only 10 minutes ...
This is my first review on MAL:. . The best word to describe Absolute Duo is “average”. it is possible to enjoy the anime’s good points, but do not overestimate its capabilities. The character interactions can be fun, but are not anything special, and the soundtrack was of inconsistent quality, with certain moments in the music creating distractions rather than immersion (such as the poorly written and played guitar theme for K and his men). This is all I have to say, so I will repeat the review in the lines below.. . The best word to describe Absolute Duo is “average”. it is possible to ...
i think it's pretty mediocre but not bad.maybe some people would enjoy it as it's actually a horror anime but it doesn't scare you or any shit. Rather than it was a guilty pleasure for me seeing the characters getting scared maybe because I didn't like these characters as they were being pussy all over the whole anime.. The worst of all it ends like a bitch .. . Unfortunately in this anime the ghosts don't kill characters instantly and somehow attacks only the main guy character.. The ghosts designs also seem kind of bland too and right now the main cast of characters doesn't seem like they will ...
Sousou no Frieren is an anime that sets off to tackle interesting questions around the passage of time and human memory. Its very interesting premise and solid start, pleasing visuals and clean animation is however undermined by a lack of identity, stereotypical cast of characters, and nonsensical world-building which can create a rather frustrating series to watch. The show getting high ratings comes as no surprise as good visuals and quirky characters have become the norm. Its 1st place on MAL's ranking and the nonending praise it's receiving build expectations, expectations that were personally not met. Sousou no Frieren is by no means a bad ...
Bakemonogatari is as a stretch to watch as saying the title. An anime that is visual and musical in its appeal, but with episodes that stretch the dialogue to simple back and forths so much, you will need patience to sit through these 15 episodes.. . Is it a complex anime? No. It's pretty straight forward in its mission to separate each arc into its own mystery to solve. Bake plays around the detective wordplay as much as the artsy visuals to carry most of its production. Add in a few supernatural buzz themes and a banger OST and you get Bakemonogatari.. . I'm no stranger to good rich ...
I've watched all the episodes that came out as of this review's date, so I hope it'll be as precise as the readers need, but I could update it in the future. Here we go!. . [STORY] (7/10). The story starts off rather conventionally, there's a hero, a party with mixed fantasy races, and a demon lord that needs to be defeated in order to save the world and bring an era of peace. The real twist is the point of view: not that of the hero, but that of a quasi-immortal elf mage (Frieren) who helped him defeat the demons, in her eyes, an adventure that lasted ...
I just finished season 2 of Rosario to Vampire and I can say that the ending left me with mixed feelings. Here is what I mean.. . To begin with let’s discuss the positives.The animation and soundtrack?Absolutely top-notch. I must say that they are just amazing, they did a great job with those. The visuals are just beautiful and the music matches the atmosphere. Nana Mizuki's performances, in the opening and ending themes and as the voice of Moka, are just great! It's no surprise she took that "Best Musical Performance" home.. . However, it is at this point that matters become a bit tricky.The storyline? Yeah, it is ...
Re-post (because evidently Currently watching does not actually mean currently watching..?). . This show is certainly overrated, but still not a bad show, although given its incredibly overly high rating, I will focus on the negative in this review.. . . Story:. . It has no story, and is just small sub plots that are generic at best.. . Seriously, there are entire episodes about random pointless nonesense. for example , there was an entire episode about 'trying this really good food that frieren had 100 years ago' There is no story progression(not that there even is a story or reason behind any of what they are doing) This entire show is more like ...
This is a slice-of-life show that focuses on character interactions and themes, but the individual stories that are often half an episode long are weak. An episode usually presents some idea, but does little to explore it and create an interesting "mini-arc". It's as if it goes through the trouble of setting up a story while forgetting to actually conclude it, which leaves the audience unsatisfied. Even the part where they fight demons just felt like set up for a later arc. To be fair, it seems like the show is trying to establish this overarching theme of things that aren't finished, but the result ...
With this being so highly rated, I had to give it a go. It's good at first but then... UH!. I got very invested within the first 3 episodes. It set the stage to be a very heartfelt and deep story with some interesting character tropes and development.. It began to slow down which was quite nice as most animes go full force and it allowed the characters to show their personalities a little- this is quite good, I thought.. It introduced Shtork/Shtark(?), who I liked, very OP but immensely unsure of his own abilities. None of those annoying character tropes.. . Then the test came and boy was ...
I gave high marks to the first half of The Ancient Magus' Bride Season 2 for venturing into a bold new direction, a departure from the debut season's path. I'm still fond of this adjusted setting, but I can't shake off the feeling that the show has lost a piece of its essence. If the season's outset was akin to switching lanes on a highway, the latter half seems to execute a full u-turn.. . The narrative continues to explore the mentor-student dynamic between Chise and Elias, yet there's a noticeable lack of development here, making this crucial relationship feel somewhat neglected. Elias's personal growth, though briefly ...
An absolute delight! Firstly, this anime is gorgeous, with its lavish and highly detailed Chinese inspired setting - a refreshing detour from most anime. Equally refreshing, our heroin is a bright headstrong and savvy young woman - an aspiring apothecary as per the title - who steals our hearts without being sexualized (again, a detour from most anime)! It's a feel-good story that I would describe as a dramedy, following our heroin's struggle to survive and climb the ranks of the imperial hierarchy through her valuable education.. Having said all this... I did end up dropping it. It just didn't feel... important enough? The stakes didn't ...
This is a very unique shonen. It has many interesting plot twists, deep characters and great storytelling. I like this anime. That's said, it's not for everyone. Years ago this was a 10 for me, but after watching other shows, I realized FMAB was not revolutionary, not even for it's time, even less nowadays. It's solid, it's good, but it's a shonen from 2010. If you like this kinda of show, you'll probably love FMAB. If you don't like the genre, you'll probably dislike it. And even more, if you're watching for the hype, especially if you had many anime shows in your watched list, ...
The shuffle of each episode is terrible, and it's confusing. If only the story continued at a normal pace, it'd be a hit!. When it comes to the characters, well, they're fine, and some are badass. I think the shuffling of each episode ruined it. . and that's the only major problem that I noticed along the way. The animation is great, though, and the fighting scenes are okay! . . Everyone has their own perspective and taste. it's either you'll drop it or finish it | ending up loving it or hating it.. Manga and light novels might be hit differently; I haven't read them yet, but I feel like ...
Generally speaking I am very picky when it comes to Chinese shows, mostly because subtitles are extremely hard to follow due to sheer speed they talk and some really ass-backwards traditions they tend to push as good ideas. This one has all those issues but it's mostly about fighting and main character's growth, so it doesn't pose a huge issue.. . Animation, while obviously CGI, does not feel out of place. It's readable and fluid but also choreographed well. It's not the best looking CGI but it's good enough and very entertaining to watch.. . Biggest complaint I have with this show is its story and characters. At times ...
I had just finished watching Tenkuu Shinpan and I must admit that was quite a trip. While I had a great time, I noticed that some people on this platform didn't feel the same way, saying that it fell short of their high expectations. Although it had some dragging points, it managed to hook me and had some really memorable moments.. . The plot centers on ordinary people who find themselves in a situation of killing each other, hunting from one roof to another. Our heroine is determined to track down her lost brother and leave this strange world, even considering taking drastic actions for the sake ...
The premise and execution are surprisingly good; the fight scenes are quite good, the jokes land well and the animation is gorgeous. In general Tensei shitara Ken deshita is a lighthearted fun experience, something to turn your brain off and enjoy some action + comedy, and I find the comedy notably funny.. . That being said, Tensei is not perfect. There are lots of expositive dialogues, and the presentation is very lacking. What I mean is that the story is fun and interesting, but it is presented quite poorly in regards to the storyboarding. 1st Example: The show starts with a scene that, in chronological order, is ...
This donghua is an old one. I've finally gotten around to watching it. I remember when this first came out, almost 10 years ago, when the manhua was at the height of its popularity This donghua is adapted the manhua by the same name and is one of my all-time favorites. I once spent about 2 years translating about 250 chapters (chapters 69-331) under the name Yue Er. Considering that this donghua has 2 seasons out, I will also talk a little bit about S2 in this review.. . Before I being my review, I would also like to point out something out. This was among the ...
This is really hard to rate. The characters and story are a lot of fun, the music is fine, but that op and ed slap. The writing dialogue is good, but the world building could use a lot of work, but it's a comedy so it's not like I was expecting an iron tight plot. The voice acting is decent enough in the dub too! The animation is what really lets this down. A couple of the action scenes look really good, but the rest range from average to terrible. The general animation doesn't have a lot of detail, uses some ugly cg, and looks ...
Damn. It had potential. I'm really mad about how one can come up with those ideas and characters, without fanservice, just a realistic, natural romance anime, but fumble it. Like fr I think love triangles have been the end of me in these romance animes. I'm done with this. I was all excited and shi when I noticed Komiya started to have feelings for Izumi and the way it started and evolved was just... real. I may be exagerating when I'm saying that Komiya's character was amazing, but she's probably one of the best "just a second girl used to make up a love triangle ...
Katsute Kami Datta Kemono-tachi e (2019). . A show of high potential that failed and doesn't need to come back. A classic 12-episode intro to manga/novel. The show has a pretty good first couple of episodes but then it falls hard. I like the storyline of hunting the monsters and not all is as it seems and so on. I enjoy the usual story of weapons that everyone needed and when they win are discarded. Much like the fate of heroes in some fantasy settings. This is the US Civil War with monsters.. . The art honestly looks good if it was made in like 2012 but for 2019 ...
Now, let me just get this out of the way. I’m a WWII tank buff. I enjoy realism. As such, Girls & Panzer is just about the worst fit ever for me. Don’t get me wrong; a diverse cast of cute anime girls driving accurately depicted historical tanks sounds absolutely awesome on paper, and it shouldn’t be overly difficult to implement these elements in a wide range of unique ways. Unique, however, is a keyword this franchise runs with at the expense of all else.. . Coming in as the (fourth?) installment of the franchise’s long running string of movies, Saishuushou Part 4 tackles the semifinal ...
(Spanish review below).. . If it were just for this season, I would say that the anime is just another one, that it doesn't contribute anything, that it doesn't even entertain. In itself, it's just another shounen: the same format, the same way of starting things, the characters play the same roles as always, and on top of that there is even a tournament between schools (the usual).. . What I can highlight is:. . 1- The animation. The animation is pretty good. Especially in fights, is very dynamic. I believe that quality never drops.. . 2- The female characters. Finally we have female characters who influence the plot, who are treated as ...
First of all, sorry for my terrible English, I'm using a translator XD. These OVAs are basically additional content for Shingeki so I'm going to say my opinion that no one asked for about the 3 OVAs. . OVA 1: Definitely the best OVA of these 3, showing us a mysterious mystery about the titans (as if there weren't enough already), it is a pleasant chapter to watch and it fulfills its function perfectly: additional content, I give it a 9 out of 10. . OVA 2: This OVA tells us about our favorite horse face: Jean , where we see an "epic" duel between him and Sasha , ...
Clannad Afterstory is the portrait of a life with a sense of scale and scope not often found in the anime medium. In its latter stages you feel a sense of history with its characters that accentuate and heighten their ordinary conversations, giving them a dimension beyond their original meaning. More than a story about family, it’s a story about the passage of time, executed with about as much intelligence and skill as you’d expect from a very talented toddler.. . Right yeah, so Maeda watches the film ‘It’s a Wonderful Life’, yeah? And so he watches this film, yeah, and it’s about this guy, you know, ...
As someone that read the LN first, then started watching the Anime, my first impression (even if it's closer to the end of the season) is that the story hasn't started yet...this kind of story simply can't be presented in only 12 episodes, it needs at least 30+ in order to have some character development and some sense in the end.... . The most negative aspect of the anime is that although it doesn't seem to even try to tell the whole story, even the piece that it tries to, it kind of fails because there's not sufficient screen time to develop the characters, to give the ...
TLDR. Solid concept which disappointsi execution on occasion, however the characters are fun and the comedy is good.. . First off this show does nothing new. However it focuses on the lonliness of power and the value of friendship. This gives it a central theme which, if it clicks for you, will probably carry you through the show. It's a well structured plot with arcs, although the transition to the last arc is a bit of a leap out of nowhere.. . The main character is your standard overpowered demon lord, but he has a code and a moral compass which help give him some identity. The two main ...
ufotable became the "studio that makes pretty anime" for me when I watched the Garden of Sinner movies back in the day. Then we were graced with Fate Heavens Feel movies, followed by Demon Slayer.. . Normally an anime of this type (based on a shounen property) would mostly be one of who's more powerful mixed eith hype music.. . Well, Demon Slayer very much has been that with a pretty coat of glossy graphics and really good music (thanks Yuki Kaijura).. . While I have enjoyed all of the anime so far, I have come to realize this pretty anime isn't a thing that special.. . Demon Slayer season 3 is ...
This review is for the entirety of what is currently available on blu ray in North America as of the time of this review (March 2024), which is all of seasons 1 and 2, through episode 48. In mentioning the blu ray, I'd like to start this review by quoting, word for word, the back of the blu ray case for the very beginning of the series- "Ordinary 37-year-old Satoru Mikami dies and is reincarnated as the most unremarkable creature imaginable- a slime. Initially things are pretty grim. He's blind, deaf and weak". There's a bit more, but it's these opening remarks I'd like to ...
Mamahaha no tsurego ga Motokano datta or My stepmom's daughter Is my ex. It was a weird story about a boy whose dad got remarried to his middle school ex mother. The story goes through how they slowly start to get feelings for each other again and how they interact with each other in their daily life.. . I gave the show 6/10. . It had some interesting moments but it didn't show any originality or interesting story building.. I also fought because it didn't have an ending it took away the dramatic scene of the last episodes.. . Romance. comedy. ...
My reviews usually focus less on the show itself and more about the practical viewing experience, with exceptions of course.. . 'Classroom of the Elite' is a psychological drama mixed with a 'who's about do it' (rather than a who done it) puzzle of where seemingly impossible situations play out and are explained at the end, so you get to guess how the characters do it and why.. . If you can handle the smug over-intelligent teenagers being ludicrously predictive (as in they predict the future, not that they're predictable) and the pseudo-Machiavellian scheming, then this is highly entertaining.. Regardless of how good or bad these seasons are as adaptations ...
I don't have it in me to write three different sections on the Alicization arc, so this review is going to cover the whole thing from start to finish.. . The Sword Art Online series has been a mixed bag for me, and that trend continues with the Alicization arc. Ordinal Scale was a decent build up to it, but did Alicization really live up to the hype the movie brought up? Let's DIVE right into it!. . The story of Sword Art Online: Alicization is by far the most complex of them all. For each main arc, there are a few general requirements they all must have.. . 1. A ...
I was about to join the other haters, saying this anime is incomplete, incoherent, and just plain unoriginal, but then it hit me. This is just one of those anime you're not supposed to take seriously. You can judge all you'd like on how the plot is barebones and the cgi is unnatural at best, but you're able to just keep it in the background, laugh at the few jokes, and look at the honestly kinda sick visuals when there's a fight, you have yourself a good distraction for a couple hours. Don't watch this if you want a serious killing anime. Go watch Mirai ...
The way I would describe Pet Girl of Sakurasou would be a show that flew high, but got too close to the sun and fell off. Its aspirations are what led to the show from being a really good romcom to an outcome that left a lot more to be desired.. . The main issue is that as a person who wanted to watch a romance anime, it seemed I was lied to. This was not a romance anime, this was a below average drama.. . The thing about it was for the first half of the show, it was very good and showed a promising direction with all ...
I simply don't understand how this show is an 8.4 right now. It's the definition of mid+.. . There was a ton of hype from the manhwa readers, but once you get past the modern-day veneer this hits all the typical isekai power fantasy beats. The animation is alright, the story is...well, there isn't really much of a story other than "I'm the one guy who gets stronger lol and there are plenty of cool places they can potentially go with it (not a reader of the manhwa, so can't speak to that). If you're into Gary Stu wish fulfilment in a fun setting you'll probably ...
Often enough, what hooks you into an anime is ultimately how it makes you feel.. . I don't know if i'm in a soft spot now but, it did made me feel like i understood the love and passion for animation, for the process, for how each and every author makes everything feel unique by leaving imprints; How who we are, how we feel, where we go, impacts the art that is made.. . This is what i felt watching it, passion and love.. . It helps having a honestly refreshing character design, cool animation, humour and a care-free plot. I'm not giving it a 10 because i think it's ...
Sekirei is this really unique anime that throws you into this intense life-or-death game where the players have no choice but to participate. It's got this vibe that might remind you of "East of Eden," but what sets it apart is how real it feels. You're following these characters who are basically bonded with these alien-like warriors, each with their own set of skills. But here's the twist - not everyone's on board with this game, and the show dives into some pretty deep moral questions about their involvement.. . Now, fair warning, there's a lot of those flashy, offensive girl bits moments scattered throughout, but if ...
Golgo 13 has an episodic structure in which each episode revolves around Duke Togo, a well-known killer who is very much in demand. Even with the absence of central narration, these episodes still provide a coherent viewing experience. However, the cookie-cutter narrative, which usually contains clichéd difficulties and explicit sex scenes, may be not enough for those who are looking for more of a story to follow.. . However, the series is well-thought-out in the variety of its missions and the way Golgo has to improvise to face different situations. He knows he will be victorious, but the tension does not disappear. It's as if the viewer ...
Frieren is probably the most overrated anime I've ever seen. . The setting of the story lacks depth and originality, it tends to piggyback off of other fantasy anime and use it as an excuse to not offer thorough explanations. What sets the world of Frieren apart from typical fantasy realms? Why should I become invested in its unique features? How do demons, ogres, and elves diverge from the generic mold, and how do they coexist within this universe? Furthermore, what makes the magic system distinctive and intriguing? These questions remains unanswered, leaving the world unable to break away from the clichéd fantasy setting.. . . The power system ...
I think this anime has good character designs and good graphic effects too.. . For the first time watching this anime, I quite liked it, but unfortunately, after re-watching it several times, I found things that quite bored me.. Therefore I wouldn't really recommend this Anime, just Mix Feeling.. . The first drawback is the storyline, this anime is too focused on Asterisk War, even though it is the same as the title, but if the story is too focused on one story it becomes boring.. And this is true in the second season too, this anime just continuously shows battles.. . The second weakness, Ayato as MC, he is actually strong, but ...
Darling in the Franxx has the best 16 episode start to any anime I have ever watched. It has everything, Action, Drama, Sc-fi, Mystery the best romance and delivers it perfectly. However at the same time it has one of the worst endings to an anime of all time.. . The Good:. The story through the first 16 episodes kept me engaged with its complex and interesting story with amazing music through the start and end of the show. The characters are well written and given powerful dialogue through the entire show and the main two characters Hiro and 02 are the best characters to ever exist ...
I'd say what really sets this anime apart is its amazing animation and voice acting. Without them, it would just be another cringe-worthy isekai anime. The animation is seriously top-notch, and the MC, despite his boyish appearance, has a mature voice akin to Sakata Gintoki, which makes you want to take his character more seriously than you should.. . However, I do have a personal distaste for memory alteration and illusionary disguises. They often feel like cheap plot devices that allow writers to manipulate the story however they want. Plus, I'm not a fan of the overly "pure" and happy characters in a world where everything seems ...
If you are looking for something to watch, I'll recommend this show. If you like fantasy setting, mysterious backstory/unfolding, character development, lowkey characters, looking for parental advice, a slow life that has a methodical story structure and is not too overwhelming to watch, or a show that has a Grimgar of Fantasy and Ash feel, then this might be a show worth giving a try.. . There might be some zealous characters that might disrupt you from enjoying the show, but they don't mean to harm that much that kill the vibe of the scene. They might did that to balance on character relationships on one and ...
This is just a slice of life with Kaeda coming out of her shell and accepting things. Comparing to season 1 and movie 1, this is pretty dull overall. There was one moment where something serious seemed to happened but it ended up not being a big deal. If you are expecting something to happen then you might want to skip this movie out because almost nothing happens in this movie. Replace all the other genre tags with slice of life feels more correct.. . The animation, art style, sound, and characters overall is same as previously, decent but nothing out of this world.. . I would recommend it ...
I think the humor here and growth of the MC were pretty great. It's one of the more creative series I've seen for presenting emotions in a way that really made them pop and made me laugh on many occasions. When this series was firing on all cylinders, it went hard, and there were a few episodes that really showcased Kyoko's ability to perform under pressure and produce something that looked pretty masterful, especially considering she's a novice to all this. When she is still struggling with her motivations and her choice to pursue acting in particular, the series is very strong. And many of ...
For a long time I'd thought the importance of the original Gundam anime Mobile Suit Gundam was mainly due to its founding of the Real Robot genre as well the huge, sprawling Gundam franchise that's still going strong today. Having actually sat down and watched the show though, I realised that I seriously underestimated the influence of this seminal series: not only did it make its mark in anime history, many of its ideas remain relevant to this day.. . It always seemed a little strange to me how Gundam series often recycle the same elements over and over. What became obvious once I started Mobile Suit ...
First off this is an adaptation of the second book "The Dark Forest" and takes a lot of creative liberties to fit in an anime format and glosses over a lot of the lore. If you're itching to see a screen adaptation then watch the Tencent CCTV live action adaptation first (Netflix series not out yet as of this review). If you're not a fan of the books do not watch this anime you won't like it at all because without background on events preceding this series it will seem really shallow and lighthearted.. . All-in-all it's okay but as a whole the anime is all style ...
This is a good anime, almost. I wanted to rate it as a 7, but episode 13 ruined it so it ended up as a 6.. . My interest in Kanon stems from the fact that you have to watch it before Clannad, or that you won't enjoy it as much if you watch Clannad first. So I was about to watch the 2006 version when I discovered that it has a 2002 version. This one only has 13 episodes plus an OVA. This is why I decided to watch this one because if I may end up enjoying this, I may enjoy the 2006 version more. ...
This anime is really something. The first few (usually 1.5) mimutes are the most life-changing, down to earth philosophical quotes that can pretty mich change your life like a hand grenade changes a pigeon's, and them after the op (which is horrendous in my opinion, but this is entirely subjective) we have 20 minutes of Wtf, but not in a good way.. Mostly slapstick humor, which works well sometimes, but building everything on that is not going to go far. The rare romantic or slice of.life moments are so good, that it feels surreal to watch 19 minutes of the aforementioned wtf and 1 minute of ...
Imagine a plain general shoujo romcom from the 2000s, early 2010s, make it even more over the top (not in a good way) and switch the gender roles - Boom, there you have it, Shikimori is not just a cutie.. Thats all there is to the whole show, there are only two redeeming qualities to the show, one is that the mc pair is already in a relationship, so we skip the bullshit "accidental hand touching = losing virginity" type of shit (Dont get me wrong, that trope can be funny in a VERY short time (like 1 ep.max), but not all the time). The other ...
I don't have much to say about this one except that it's been a pleasant surprise. Initially, I had low expectations, but it manages to keep the story decent and engaging, focusing on a small cast and expanding to include supporting characters and comrades as needed. However, so far, few of the previously encountered characters have made a return.. . Its strong points lie in its humor and visual aesthetics. Each episode delivers a fair share of laughs, introducing amusing characters like the goddesses and establishing an interesting and humorous dynamic with the main character. And being a MAPPA-produced anime, the animation never fails to impress.. . It pains ...
It's a yuri journey of duty-bound executioner, and a time-travelling yandere executee.. Hence it's super different from normal isekai because All Summonees Must Die.. . I don't get why are people so smitten with this show. It's twelve episodes of messed up relationship, from both sides. I care fuck all about "world-building" and "plot" if 70% if not more of the story is 2 people faking smiles and lying to each other in some twisted bout of duty.. If I wanted this kind of slop I'd give Citrus a swing instead of watching the isekai version.. . Then again, all poor weaboos with isekai bleeding out of all the orifices in ...
Oddly reminds me of my favorite internet reading material, 177013.. . Watching this show has me feeling extremely mixed about the entirety of the material. The premise of the it has potential to lead up to something that I would find enjoyable, however, it does fall short throughout when it really mattered. In the center of the show there's an almost unneeded amount of backstory which lead to me becoming fed up at the repetitiveness of the common saying that they always seemed to have during every flashback. It eventually was able to bring it back towards the end which lead to me feeling slightly more satisfied ...
The plot is obviously very generic with the unpopular black haired shy guy liking the popular model girl who's bubbly and cheery. The show is in the grey area of enjoying the show and then frowning a bit with how the main girl is portrayed. There are slightly suggestive scenes in the show depicting her in a not so good light and kinda objectifying her, mind you she's 13.. The show is sorta fun to watch? it's definitely light hearted but the pacing is too painfully slow. The MC's development from wanting to kill the main girl to falling for her is pleasant to watch. ...
The Harem Anime That Somehow Quite Good. . The protagonist has been able to get himself not one but two girlfriends at the same time. There lies the dilemma. Pretty good going and the premise seems not overly done. Promising and worth checking it out.. . The premise may be a bit gross and wacky but the way the story goes, it somehow works. The protagonist, Naoya a first year high school student somehow manages to get the girl of his dream, Sasaki to go out with him. He is on cloud nine and things should be all rosy right? Wrong when another girl, Nagisa which is pretty ...
The fighting scenes and animation are top notch but it's the only thing carrying it. The plot is predictable, the classic a family trying to live a peaceful life despite their violent past but end up getting killed and then the man avenges his family. The characters are shallow and the viewers aren't given any actual information about them besides vague mentions. There is no moment in the show where you're on the edge of your seat curious to know what'll happen next despite the fast paced action the show is trying to achieve, instead you would already figure out how the plot will maneuver ...
The pacing of this anime is killing me completely. I love the idea of Majo to Yajuu. Cool witches, solid world building, character designs are somewhat tolerable, but everything else is simply too weird. I understand that the biggest problem here is the budget. Or lack of it, to be more precise. But the pacing is absolutely atrocious. We're not given enough time to meet these characters. It's almost as if we're supposed to know them beforehand.. One time there's a cooler longer sequence happening, some lore drops here and there, actions bits and then boom - totally new characters enter the scene, have their ...
*No Spoilers*. This review is for the film Suzume.. . Summary:. Suzume is a film written by Makoto Shinkai and incorporates similar art and music, though the story tends to be more focused on adventure than romance. Suzume is an interesting character who is forced into an adventure and gradually grows as the story progresses. The film has excellent art and music. This may be of interest to you if you enjoy adventure stories or romance, although the romance is actually quite forced and detracts from the overall message of the film.. . Story: 5/10. The story is generally interesting with some more action than Makoto Shinkai's other films. It explores themes ...
*No Spoilers*. This review is for Tenki no ko, or Weathering with You.. . Summary:. Weathering with You is a film written by Makoto Shinkai and incorporates similar themes and story-telling. In Weathering with You, the main character, Hodaka Morishima, enters the story as a runaway and eventually meets a love interest named Hina. The story and characters in this film pale in comparison to Your Name, and I found it to be rather disappointing. This story relies more on a forced romance with little direction for adventure. The film does have excellent art and music, but the story and characters are relative weaknesses. . Story: 5/10. Weathering with You follows ...
As a huge Initial D and car fan I was excited when this show was announced. The trailers looked promising and there was even eurobeat! What more could you want, right? Well, except the classic 80s and 90s cars of course but that's a different topic. Anyway, when I watched MF Ghost I wasn't disappointed but also not impressed. It was not bad but not very good either. The car parts were pretty nice. "But this show is about cars, so shouldn't you be happy when the car stuff is good?". Well, unfortunately a huge part of this show is fanservice (and not the gear ...
Despite this most likely not being the purpose of the anime at all, it really made me think of the psychology behind sadomasochism. Each character has their own desires, sexual or not, all in which individually portrayed, but not to the best extent. Personally, the rushed storyline is what attracts me to this anime, as someone with a short attention spam I can get bored of extended dialogue and irrelevant plots but it swiftly gets to what I came for, the hentai. Utena's character is what got me thinking and I wish the anime dived deeper into her emotional craving of sadism, so I could ...
As someone whos been a huge Bleach fan since the Arcancars, the newest series is both amazing to behold continue and yet, sad to see Bleach at only a fraction of what it once was. If you watch this, never seeing Bleach series, then you're obviously not going to keep up with this new arc.. . I seriously don't know why Bleach doesn't get enough love, but its an amazing series with some of the best fight animations ever. That's most in part to the insane creator and his team of launching crazy characters, abilities, and a surreal lore of supernatural magic.. . This latest series, although ...
Escha Chron feels like an orphan. It is this cute, lonely little OVA with no discernible attachments to any other property or format. It starts in what feels like the very middle of an interesting story with a strong, unique premise, providing very little context and hardly bothering at all with introductions. An experience which is, out of context, just a relaxing CGDGT anime, but in context, absolutely bizarre. My personal theory is that Escha Crhon is an anime which was cancelled early in its production cycle, and instead of trashing what they already had, they released it in the form of the standalone OVA ...
Another: The Other - Inga (2012). . Mixed feelings here. As an OVA goes it is a good ride, interesting and good for extra development that links well to the main story. It covers a good period and gives details that are helpful in the main story.. . The art still looks amazing and the sound is great.. . The issue with this OVA for me is that it is partly shown in the main show. I think if you watch this first it spoils the main anime, if you watch the main anime and come to this afterwards then it can feel a little bit dull. I did ...
What do you get when you combine a girl who causes people to die simply from them touching her skin, and an undead who can regenerate from being destroyed.. You get Undead Unluck.. . Touching Fuuko's skin is like a scene in Final Destination. It causes fatal bad luck like your plane crashing, or getting hit by a train, or struck by lightning, or even hit by a meteor.. Andy the undead is looking for a way to finally end his life and Fuuko's curse may be the best way to do that.. . The world is full of "Negators". People with abilities who negate the basic rules of reality.. . The plot ...
I have been a fan of the anime since they broadcast it on television 20 years ago. This film was supposed to highlight the most important match of the series, Sannoh High, the basketball team of Akita prefecture that has been the defending national champion for 3 years and They are considered the top high school team in Japan. Unfortunately, in my opinion, this did not happen, because an in-depth analysis of the history of Ryota Miyagi was inserted into the various moments of the match. After the end of the series they made 4 films, which add nothing to the original series, where in ...
I am writing this review from the perspective of someone who loved the manga and found the anime did not do it justice. You will already find plenty of reviews about this anime just as an anime or as an overall storyline concept. I was pretty excited to see this manga get an adaptation - I should not have been.. . A huge part of what makes the Spriggan manga great is the art. So many of the interesting mythical creatures and areas are intricately drawn and wonderful to observe. It gives the world a huge amount of depth and feeling without having to say it ...
Fan service harem isekai with solid comedy and characters. Honestly there's no depth here and it feels like a show from a previous era. I'm no fan of harem or Isekai shows in general but the characters are all reasonably well rounded and it was a good show to have on in the background while messing around on my phone.. . The premise, the smartphone and everything else plot-wise are irrelevant. It moves at a lightning pace to get the protagonist, whose name I can't actually remember without looking it up, set up as the hero-type with his harem. From there it largely wanders around with ...
I haven't finished the anime yet, and my opinions might evolve, but I'd like to share my initial thoughts. The central plot driving the anime is solid, and I appreciate the character selection, especially the women. It's a marvelous and unique set, in my opinion. However, there's something that steals from the overarching theme.. . The anime's aesthetic leans heavily towards beauty, which diminishes the impact of darker emotions that are sometimes necessary. Pain, anger, disbelief; these emotions require 'rawness' to resonate fully. While attempting to convey such feelings, the anime portrays characters as too visually appealing, which dilutes their emotional depth. I'm not suggesting it adopt ...
Kick no Oni - translated by Google. This review will contain: analysis of the anime, information about Sawamura and my opinion at the end of it all.. -. I decided to start with Sawamura: a real person, who had an incredible story as a fighter, and the anime only adapts part of it. His career is summed up in 248 fights, 232 wins and 228 knockouts (in just 7 years). A brilliant career inside the ring. He popularized kickboxing worldwide (along with Noguchi). The anime managed to highlight this perfectly, keeping its feet on the ground (I'll talk about it later).. -. About the anime: as you can see, this ...
Kizuna's one of those classics that doesn't age too well, but you find yourself liking it anyways. It stands above and apart from other BL peers of that time, yet its shortcomings does have me struggling to wholeheartedly recommend it.. . The worst offense, by far, is the first episode, and the first thirty seconds will either make or break your interest. We're dropped right in the middle of a scene, which then crudely transitions to another tangentially related scene, with spurts of nature in between. The description you see as the summary? Pretty much the first two minutes of the show. If done correctly, the anime ...
Overhyped average anime.. Issues -. The main character changes wisdom based on plot requirements.. Not even street smart in basic fights. Dumb af.. And then as plot needs, he will turn into Master Oogway (Kung fu panda) with all wisdom and experience.. . The pace in first two episodes was decent but it should have been a 40 min pilot episode.. Would have made more sense.. The pace seems to be uneven and becomes downright sedated.. . ...
Aah shit I don't know.. . The second season was a huge let down after the intriguing first season. This, I can't make my mind. First thing, it is better than the second season imo. Secondly, It's still a bit trash. I really want to like it more but it is not that great.. . The whole show feels like a complete waste of a premise. The premise is a gemstone. The execution is a pebble stuck to my really nice boots.. . It might be because of the visual setting but it also feels super repetitive. It's becoming increasingly difficult to differentiate between different 'arcs'.. . Ayanokoji would still ...
This is a music video for the song that was used as an ending in the third season of Attack on Titan.. . The music itself is great. The animation in the music video didn't look great but it was very symbolic if you're into that. None of the characters from the anime appear directly in the music video but you can draw parallels between the characters in the music video and Attack on Titan characters.. . Overall this isn't really worth watching unless you're particularly interested in what could be going on in Eren's mind throughout the series. You could watch it for the music alone too ...
The final Rebuild film ends with a whimper. I felt that all the meta-textual stuff was a bit much and pulled me out of the film. The last 30 min feels like a rush to give development to various characters to provide an emotional and thematic send off. Instead of focusing on being the final film in a series of movies, it decides to focus on it’s place as the finale to a franchise. It lacks cohesion and is only somewhat satisfying in regards to its themes. The CG ranged from good to jarring. On a positive note, “One Last Kiss” is an absolute banger.
as recap episodes to season 2 they are ok. if you personally don't have that much interest in the season, you can watch those instead, but for a generally better experience, I would prefer the actual season. Especially an anime like 86, where the quieter and more atmospheric moments allow the story to unfold, will not be fully utilised by a recap that will only contain action and essentials. Those who may have paused the anime for a long time could watch it to get a quick overview. However, 86 is so short that I doubt you would even pause the anime for a longer ...
You could say it's the second series of the Zoids anime, but in a different time and era.. Here all the Zoids in the first series are already there, and there is nothing new or interesting.. . Honestly, I think this is very boring, the algorithm of this anime story is almost the same for every episode, for example, like living an ordinary life, meeting someone who will become an enemy or opponent, fighting, in the middle of a fight, Liger Zero goes and changes costumes, then comes back and defeats the enemy and wins. It's so boring to see him like that in every episode.. . Very different from ...
This story is about two guys, neither of whom know how to behave. Some of that is explainable by context and their pasts, but still, it's bizarre how they interact with people and with each other. The animation on the other hand has a Wacky-Waving-Inflatable-Arm-Flailing-Tube-Man quality, particularly with Mignon, who regularly just folds in half. The episodes are very short, and there's only 12 of them, so the story isn't particularly nuanced, nor do any of the side characters get much attention. The funniest part was Mignon being portrayed as some giant, then finding out he's just 6'2. Not really sure where the other reviewers ...
The definition of squandered potential.. . The main character is a complete badass and hilarious.. . The cast? Amazing. But after 10 episodes I can't. The whole vibe changed from a silly fun anime to a dark serious anime.. . There is a MAJOR plot twist that ruins the entire thing.. . The show originally has you believe it's like one piece but it becomes more like Season 2 of Medoka box or Fairy Tail's plot twist. Let's just say that.. . ...
This anime really spoke to me, I like to think the story was very thought out but at the same time unpredictable for first timers.. One thing that should be noted for this show, It's not really what I'd call Boys Love. At the very least its a suggestive BL leaning more toward the bromance angle and copious amounts of shipping on the viewer side. Fanservice is definitely lacking in this one but it's wholesome levels more than make up for it. Depending on what kind of Boys Love you are into, I can with confidence say this is more of the milder grade, and recommended ...
I first started watching this show because I had just randomly remembered it and the newest season started airing. I needed a new anime to watch that would fit in between my other weeklies and this was it. And I am kind of disappointed. The show isn't AWFUL at first anyways, it's a pretty standard "mind games" show about a bunch of kids in a super smart high school all using one another to get to the top.. . However, I think the show for all its efforts really fails at this because the Main Character, while he is smart, only appears to be smart because ...
Plunderer is a show that is held back by tremendous amounts of what people could call "fanservice", especially in the first half of the show. It's that, but it's also just full of straight up sexual harassment as a "joke" or fanservice - our male MC is straight up harassing and touching women against their will. To me, the way this show portraits that as a running gag is honestly really embarassing. I know that for some reason this is a common trope in some shows, but it is so much worse here because at its core Plunderer has a really imaginative story to follow.. . ...
It has great animation and characters, but doesn't fully beat the "Japanese Disney" feel that anime had trouble escaping in its beginning years. There's quite a few terrible singing scenes that seemed tolerable at first but got old really fast and broke the pacing. There are times where this became an absolute chore to watch. There are other times where this became an absolute joy to watch. Where this movie really shines is the action sequences. They might not be anything you haven't seen today, but they are ahead of its time. The opening sequence and the final 25 minutes are stunning in this regard. ...
Dub 10/10. Visuals 10/10. Tenma 10/10. Support characters 10/10. . but the writing is like a 5th grader had a stroke in reading class and they made it into 74 episodes of anime. The plot is impossible to follow after ep37, main story is non existent, and plotholes everywhere.. . Just Image you watch 36 episodes of MC risking their life to achive something, only that they change their mind episode 37, and then proceed to drop the plot, ping-pong for another 30 episodes and nothing happens to advance to plot. This unfollowable bad writing is unexcusable.. . If you don't care about the bad writing and the lenght, you might like this.
What would happen if Sergio Leone, in collaboration with Luis Bunuel, filmed in animation form a book by Stephen King, written by him in the mid-1980s (during the period of Stephen’s severe drug intoxication), where the main character would be Zorro, fighting vampires in the Wild West? The result would be surreal trash, but decadent, aesthetic trash. It would be "Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust", or something very close to it. As much as I, to put it mildly, am not close to the stories of Kikuchi Hideyuki, how secondary the plot is, how vulgar the characters are, how intellectually and morally powerless the narrative is, ...
The manga is real good but watuhek is this adaptation man. they ruined it. it has potential and all yakno like the story is actually pretty interesting but the way this adaptation executed it is pretty badddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd.. . I read the manga after watching this one because there is no way that this anime is this bad u kno? and i am right cuz i enjoyed reading the manga ngl it wasnt bad. they left out so much scenes on the anime and it is disappointing T_T they wasted the story. i hope there will be another adaptation of this someday THAT IS ACTUALLY good and can ...
Most isekai follow a very empty and repetitive plot. Protagonist X is a generic shut-in gamer who worries more about his in-game character's stats over his own education. Suddenly, event Y occurs and he is transported into a fantasy world; a world where weapons, warlocks, and scantily-dressed girls are as far as the eye can see. In this world, he is paired with Girl A, who has a strange attraction to the foreigner. Together, they take on the evil forces of the Devil/Demon King, meeting Girl B and Girl C, who share that same attraction to the protagonist. Then it stops abruptly when you realize ...
I'll be honest: this is my first experience with Chinese 3D animation. I decided at some point in some day of some month of some year to diversify my repertoire and see what people from the country of Winnie the Pooh can create. Especially as I have not had much exposure to Chinese pop culture in my life, at least not to the same extent as Japanese pop culture. Here, of course, we are not counting creations i.e. the poor remake of Muland from Disney or the concentration camps for Uighurs. So how did Fanren Xiu Xian Chuan fare after that huge number of reviews ...
Great Pretender has many things to offer, and could have been a great anime, but it fails to deliver towards the end, hence the mixed feelings review.. . I'll try to explain down below every reason that might make you enjoy this anime while also disclosing the few parts that should make you lower your expectations.. . . Things done right :. . - The art :. . Although art is rather subjective, anyone will reckon that the art shown in this anime has a unique vibe, it's colorful, it's good looking, you have many different kind of places depicted ( urban places mostly, but from all around the world ...
This anime is kind of disappointing in my mind. The beginning arc is great. The action is pretty good, the art work is very good, and I like the pacing and story. The characters are good as well! Then after that it just feels generic for the most part. The action is fine, but not as good. The artwork is still solid, but the overall story and characters just get a lot less interesting. There are some attempts to have some character growth, but it just feels kind of empty. I think it would have hit harder if I had continued to care, but I ...
Sapphic here... so I think my opinion is valid. This anime was just... boring? Contrived? Shallow? It had its cute moments and the art was very nice, but I honestly put it in 1.25x speed to finish the damn thing. There wasn't much of a plot that I could tell, and what plot there was was revealed by telling rather than showing; the writing was so shallow. I'm sure the source material is better-written, but I won't ever read it. I'll give it a 6 instead of a 5 simply because I want more WLW representation in anime, but it sucks that this is the ...
Shoujo stuff tends to get the short end of the stick when it comes to getting ported to the US, but in some circles that seems to be changing quite a bit. Discotek Media has started making an effort to put out more shoujo and magical girl stuff as of late, something many fans are very happy about, especially since a lot of those titles either never came to the US officially or were neglected in previous years. One such title that Discotek put on Blu-Ray recently is Lady Georgie, based on the manga by Mann Izawa and Yumiko Igarashi that ran from 1982 to ...
A boy decides to sneak out at night and finds the experience of roaming the suburban and city streets to be exciting and fulfilling, discovering that he has a great appreciation for the evening and the atmosphere it brings. In his nighttime exploration he encounters a peculiar character that will change his outlook on life entirely.. . The story is contrived; the main character is a conveniently empty husk that has no apparent awareness of friendship or intimacy and lacks a fundamental understanding of relationships, despite being depicted via his various internal monologues as being relatively self-aware, socially competent at communicating with many different personalities, and being ...
another isekai anime where the MC of the anime become the villain instead of the protagonist. Nothing new.. . The story building, the relationship & character development are not going in a good pace; the MC (aileen) & the supposed to be the love interest (claude), show love attraction too easily, on episode 3 you already see them in a lovey dovey state. I was expecting claude is going to act like "play hard to get", and see aileen trying to get him while develop herself for the better. It's like you'd already know whats gonna happen, so whats the point of watching the rest? ...
This anime is slightly above average for me and I enjoyed watching it. TLDR: This anime isn't amazing, but it gets better over time. Recommended for: people who like to critically reflect/discuss on what they watch.. . Positives: (1) if you've come for feminist themes and social commentary, this anime is good for showing the interpersonal relationships between girls/women in the workplace such as Namino and Haru, and these character interactions can be a good point for thinking critically about things (if that's something that interests you as a watcher) (2) once you get past it, the anime isn't purely about feminism or "proving the men wrong" ...
So, there's this anime called Special A, set in a high school and it's all about romance and comedy. It spans over 24 episodes and basically follows this gang of students who are in the Special A class. If you're into stuff like "Kaichou wa Maid-Sama!", you might dig it. But fair warning, not everyone might vibe with the romantic bits, could leave some folks feeling a bit meh.. . The main duo in Special A are Hikari and Kei, leading the pack in the Special A class. Their dynamic gives off serious Misaki and Usui vibes from "Kaichou wa Maid-sama!". The side characters like Akira, Ryuu, ...
TL;DR: A power fantasy for a smash frog.. . Imagine you're in high school.. Imagine you love super smash bros.. Now imagine the coolest guy in school challenges you to smash bros. and all of the hot girls are watching as you 4 stock him repeatedly.. Now imagine the cool guys ex-girlfriend calls you guys cringe for being obsessed with a Nintendo game and then you have a literal trigger warning spasm go off in your brain and you start (not exaggerating) screaming and screeching at her about how she's wrong and that this is the best game of all time then all of the hot girls decide to be ...
For once, I am going to have to agree with a lot of what's being said in the other reviews.. . I concur, that this simply is not as good overall as the first season was.. Now, I'm not saying it's bad, or trash, like some of the others are, but there's simply something missing. The new antagonist of S2, just doesn't have the same gravitas as the one from S1 did, simply because Ruti is now a permanent feature of the group.. . In a lot of the first episodes of S2, without going into hefty spoilers, Ruti is shown to be struggling to integrate due to how ...
I never read the manwha, so never understood all the insane amount of hype this series got when it first came out.. . When EP1 aired and everyone was singing its praises from the rooftops and handing out 10/10 scores like candy, I was sat here thinking "really? for that??"; Yes, it had some gore and no, it didn't shy away from having a brutal opening EP, but was it really deserving of the masterpiece scores people were giving it?. . Shows like Ishura, which I find to be unique, sitting at an extremely mid 6.54 rating, while Solo Levelling is sat at an exceptional 8.42 rating - what ...
Let me just start by saying that "Bunny Girl Senpai" is one of the most realistic shows I've ever watched. I know it's funny to say this when the show deals with "Adolescence Syndrome," but it's so grounded in reality that it makes you feel as if it were true.. . Having said that, I feel like the movies didn't quite get me as attached as the first season, and in my opinion, they are completely useless and add nothing to the series itself. However, I did end up enjoying them quite a lot.. . The production is suitable for the scale of the movie, the characters are constantly ...
Just read the damnn Manhwa!! I know A1 Pictures are doing their best but there is no way they can do the manhwa justice.. . The comedy is non-existent, the pacing is shitt & the jawlines are sharper than a knife. The action scenes are good but still worse than in the manhwa (Jinwoo killed the last two major enemies by stabbing them in the eye)(he has the power of flashbacks and "i need to get stronger" so now he can increase my attack power with an item that increases defense and kill a 3 headed monster by stabbing him in 1 of his eyes). It is ...
Guess I should preface this with I JUST finished this season at time of writing. So my opinions are fresh, and not really thought out fully. So keep that in mind.. . . Wow... I have.... Mixed opinions on this season, compared to the first. The first arc slapped absolute hell and without getting into spoilers, it sets up the season really well, and maintains it for a majority of it... That is, until the ending 3 episodes. They feel extremely rushed, if not incomplete. ESPECIALLY the final episode, it felt like half the episode was cut, and shoved into the next potential season.. . First off I guess, ...
So, like, I don't know all the inner workings of how this is all made, but even with my low expectations going into the second season I at least expected there to be some sort of PLOT to it. Instead, all this season has to offer is 10 glorified OVAs with no connection to each other (hell the actual OVAs had more plot relevance than this season) and no real character development (and any character development that does happen gets erased by the next episode). My guess is that they didn't have much material to work with? Although I see the manga has a decent ...
I lost... but not in the sense you're thinking. I lost braincells. When I heard it is 18+, when I saw the first few episodes, my hopes shot up thinking imma have another redo of healer anime (yes, I enjoyed that anime and I ain't afraid to say so). I was expecting such great things from this show, especially cuz it has a few things that are pretty cool explained/done... but then... it happened... it just became mindless hentai with s*x slaves... man, each episode I hoped it would get better and get back to the vibe I got in the first few episodes, but ...
'Bucchigiri?!' is the type of shows that I usually try to avoid. I literally went to watch it thinking that I'm going to drop it right after I finish the first episode. But the interesting mix of themes, good animations, and where I thought the anime is headed made me continue up until episode 7, though I'm not sure if I'm able keep on further.. . I never thought someone is capable of creating a main character that is more insufferable than Kazuya from Rent-a-Girlfriend. And this is not to hate on Rent-a-Girlfriend, at least Kazuya kind of has a goal, trying to take things slowly, very ...
Rail Wars! (2014). . Let us take a moment to feel for Shou Iwaizumi. The second guy, the guy not looked at, the guy surrounded by more and more girls that show him no interest whatsoever. This guy has it hard and is going to suffer from this harem disguising itself as a rail anime.. . The rail side is always there but honestly, it's just a side feature for a load of thirsty girls doting on a guy who shows his vulnerabilities.. The show also seems to make this guy a high school graduate who wants to be a driver the most unlucky guy ever to exist ...
Everyone's got their own taste in anime, and I get that some might really enjoy this one, but it's just not something I'd like. It wasn't too bad initially, and I was into it from episodes 1-5. However, by episode 6, it became tough to watch. The pacing, which was good in the beginning, suddenly felt rushed. The tension between the leads came out of nowhere, and the constant moaning and blushing made me cringe hard.. . I appreciate a good romance anime with decent pacing, but I couldn't connect with this couple. The anime isn't all terrible, though. I came across a review criticizing it for ...
Not a masterpiece by any means but very it does have unique aura granted the anime is as cliche as it gets in most cases. The writers did an amazing job making the anime boring and mundane reflecting Frieren's personality and perspective of the world around her, but presenting it in a beautifully artistic manner.. . It's an interesting perspective following a character devoid of (mostly) emotion traverse this fantasy world feeding her craving for finding new spells. Frieren is interesting in the fact there is no background information given other than she has lived hundreds of years and therefore every year that passes is like a ...
As the oldest listed BL on this site, I had certain expectations. Unfortunately, watching this made me feel like I wasted an hour with nothing in return.. . The most important part: the BL element was introduced in even a more subtle way than Ladiva from Granblue Fantasy. Worse than an NPC, the content in question is a snake in a field, only visible when it clamps its jaws down on the audience at the last minute. By no means was it the center of the story, which feels a bit like misrepresentation. If it was based off the BL alone, I'd give it a 2.. . The next ...
Ninja Kamui so far has been an interesting ride. I'll open this by saying the first episode was abysmal, I could not for the life of me understand why it was rated so high and its score seemed to confirm the idea that as long as the fight scenes are flashy and loud then a show does not need any more substance than that to do well. It was predictable to the point that it was insulting to view. It also didn't help that they condensed what ostensibly should have been the entire first episode into a 3 minute montage not allowing the viewer to ...
A huge controversy was ignited by the first season of Goblin Slayer for its unique treatment of dark themes, like monster rape and a character obsessed with the idea of revenge. The way morality of goblins was raised as well as the question of whether their personas were created by nature or by the environment was under consideration. On the other hand, people have been speculating on the hero's ability to grow and develop other than his appetite for revenge.. . At first, the show captivated audience with its plot, but after some time, the interest faded as viewers did not find it good enough. It did ...
Azumanga Daiou is a good anime but I expect something more. It has some good moment with brilliant comedy, specially the one with English language scenes but I deeply thought that it will be much more of them. Some people already point out that it also has weak or just really does not plot and I agree. I do not also understand why Kurosawa's marriage offer wasn't explore or anything. It kinda feel that they just forget about it or they lost idea for it.. In conlusion Azumanga Daiou is good anime, not bad or nothing really brilliant with good music and very specific atmosphere.
Heidi is a show with a lot of problems but also a lot of charm. A lot of it's problem actually are part of it's charm even, it really feels like a kind of anime that you COULDN'T make anymore in these days or at the very least would not be produced by any large studios.. . For 2/3rds of the series basically nothing fucking happens OR it doesn't really matter much in the long run and could have been easily skipped.. . The animation quality switches drastically from episode to episode. Sometimes you'll get an absolute insanely good shot (for TV cel animation in the 1970s) and ...
If ever an anime was the epitome of "mid" or "average", this would definitely be up there.. . I thought, at least within the first 2 episodes, that it could potentially be a hidden gem of this season and turn out to be something good.. However, as each further episode releases, this anime gets more and more generic, going much more into typical fantasy harem-bait and tropes.. . I will also say, that as of episode 3-4, the animation quality has fallen off a cliff, almost as if the studio has run out of budget, or doesn't care anymore.. For an anime with a lot of fighting, the fight ...
Hatenkou Yuugi is NOT the anime you should be watching if you want a good, thorough plot, and a riveting experience. This is an anime that you go to if you want to waste three or so hours of your life and not feel too bad afterwards.. . Harsh as that sounds, let me say upfront that I do want to recommend this anime. Maybe because of their budgeting or whatever, but this anime chooses its battles very wisely. In the first half (episodes 1-4) the anime introduces its characters haphazardly and its cliche plots even more haphazardly. As such, the anime comes off as satirical and ...
I watched this film after it spent an unholy amount of time being shelved on a watchlist, slowly gathering dust over the years. The primary reason behind such a long delay was due to my high expectations for it, due to the phenomenal 1995 film on which this one is based, the involvement of Shaft, and the music and OST that I had previously heard.. . Needless to say, that backfired tremendously and the fact that I was a major fan of the 1995 film meant the plot failure for this adaptation only highlighted how it fared against the original. If this were an independent or original ...
I'll keep it entirely spoiler free, let me start by saying that i love the genre and this was a suggestion from a friend of mine that read the manga.. The story starts like any other romantic themed anime with some cliché, one of the two main characters being a bit too focussed on something/delusional/hikkikomori or any other cliché that occurs in this genre to then evolve during each episode.. In general i want to say that Skip and Loafer is good, good enough to be enjoyed but not good enough to get you hooked in the stories of the characters.. Our main characters are Mitsumi Iwakura ...
This series had potential to tell quite an interesting story. The first double-episode painted a simple but charming premise. But the style of storytelling is perhaps even worse than your typical Shonen series. Instead of new information and episodes helping to build and enrich a developing plot, it muddies any cohesiveness the series attempts to create.. . Sasaki to pii-chan writes you a letter within the first episode. Instead of just redrafting the letter to form a more consistent tone, each new episode is the equivalent of a postscript (p.s.) note. Revelation and progression genuinely feels like an afterthought.. . The series may as well be episodic ...
When I heard about one of my favorite Shounen Jump Manga being adapted into anime I was worried about it being bad quality, but nothing prepared me for a show being ruined by slow pacing.. . I really want people to get into Undead Unluck because I love the characters and the worldbuilding, but this adaptation is making it so hard for me, I am lagging several episodes behind because watching one episode feels like torture (and not the kind they do in “‘Tis time for torture, princess”).. . The reason for that is that someone decided that one anime episode must adapt exactly two chapters of the ...
The season 1 is actually underrated. Season 1 was definitely pretty good.. Season 2 just a disappointment in comparison of season 1.. Things I didn't liked was how the mc became from a guy with a good motive to a guy only exist for saving a girl and became shield for the girl standing in front of her through the whole season.The main villan was disappointment. The whole season 2 could be added with 4-5 more episode in season 2.. I am disappointed that the mc didn't faught Or beat a single opponent expect some clones but he was hown as some big honk or shit.. . The ...
"with the face like he's carrying the future of japanese aviation" (sleeps average). . Kaze Tachinu is a solid 9. Proof that more modern Ghibli films have become very toned-down and safe compared to past films. And I don't mean that there is less amounts of questionable over-work, I mean that the newer digital films are playing more the safe side in the part of its story telling.. . Kaze Tachinu has the Ghibli touch, very apparent it's cleaner digital form, but sadly the story as well as the characters have trouble holding the same interest factor.. . Ghibli in the digital age has grown to only highlight the flaws more ...
I began this isekai anime with high hopes, and it was enjoyable but didn't execute the premise as well as it could have. Elise is an interesting character and starts making her way into the medical field in the past. It excited me to think of what was to come. However, the medical part of the story isn't well developed, the characters feel a bit bland, and there are no interesting challenges for her.. . Elise is instantly good at everything medically, which makes sense, but only to an extent. It would have been more entertaining for Elise to have to adjust to the less modern medical ...
The reason I only gave this movie is a 9 is because it's sort of clickbait in both the "whimsical" look of the cover image, and the description of the movie itself paints the story differently than what it is: a mundane tale of a girl just going to school.. . If the movie started out by what it attempts to achieve in the first place, then this movie would no doubt be a masterpiece.. . Unfortunately, this is more about a movie about a young school girl, who has an ordinary school life, and nothing is happening in a plot. So, if I just wanted to watch ...
FLCL is a one-of-a-kind anime, or at least something I've never seen been done before. It is very chaotic, dense and extremely fast-paced. It has a unique and very over-the-top style, jumping from one art style to another, one just as good as the other along with great BGM. But that being said, this isn't a show for everyone, and certainly not for me.. . Just as I said, it's very fast-paced and so "extreme" it turns into a nonsensical mess of a story that is quite impossible to follow, except there's actually no story at all nor any kind of coherence and connection between the 6 ...
The art, atmosphere, symbolism, and concepts presented are great. But then there's everything else.... . The characters were the most shallow out of any anime that I've seen, having no depth in most cases. It feels like the story was written and the characters were sprinkled in at the end, instead of them having their own lives and ideas and personalities. Other than a character's appearance, you can't really get more attached or involved, since there's almost nothing else to them.. . The story was by far its weakest point, and here is where the mixed feelings come into play.. This story taking place within the context of a ...
*Progenitors walk so their descendants can run (I hope they'll run)*. . ~~. . All due respect is given to this revolutionary title without second thought. One would basically be living under a rock were they unknowing of the breadth and depth of its success. No matter what I say here, it wouldn't ever touch its reputation. These are merely ramblings of a random person who thinks the very origin of the franchise feels inadequate in and of itself (final opinion should never be cemented in individual seasons comprising a whole, and it should never be taken too seriously when someone finds faults predominant in a certain part; practicing ...
After defeating the demon lord 10 years ago, the great hero Max is now a deadbeat leaving in a tiny apartment.. . The demon lord having now been reincarnated as a little demon girl is disappointed to find the hero they once respected in this current state.. They decide to stay with the hero and help him regain motivation in his life.. But the demon lord's feelings for Max may be deeper than just mutual respect.. . The demon lord has a very funny personality especially when compared to their original form.. Max is fine. He's just the guy trying to mind his own business but gets dragged along for the ...
As keen on the Mahouka series, I turned eagerly expecting Raihousha-hen to delve deeper into the sector and characters I had grown to love. However, I discovered myself suffering to keep up with the breakneck tempo of the storyline and the avalanche of the latest records added in every episode. While the motion scenes have been as exhilarating as ever, I couldn`t shake the sensation of bewilderment and frustration because the plot raced ahead, leaving me behind. Raihousha-chicken may also fulfill die-tough fanatics hungry for greater Mahouka content, however for me, it turned into a dizzying and overwhelming revel in that in the long run ...
For me, I would give Komi Cant Communicate Season 2 a 7/10 rating. It is definitely an entertaining and enjoyable watch with its quirky characters and comedic situations. The animation quality and artwork is also top-notch, making the show very immersive and endearing. However, the plot is sometimes quite predictable and repetitive, and the characters don't always act very realistically. But the character growth and development throughout the series do make it a fun and engaging watch. All in all, if you're looking for a light-hearted and comical experience, I would recommend giving Komi Cant Communicate Season 2 a try.. . I would recommend it to ...
The first episode of this anime was a pretty good introduction honestly. However any excitement for the show fades as they continuously bludgeon you with character introductions that were pretty much the same exact sequence of dialogue and then action scene, all without really adding anything to the main overarching plot for another 5 episodes after the first. With one dedicated episode for each character, it doesn't give you time to really build attachments to them so I could honestly care less if they were to die in whatever they're planning to do with them.. . Only thing that has me somewhat interested this long was the ...
The story is a continuation of the previous series, featuring the same characters facing a new situation and adventure. The characters are all well-developed and likable, and the unique dynamics between the characters create an entertaining and engaging experience. The animation quality is also top-notch, with vivid colors and impressive details. However, the plot sometimes feels a bit stagnant, especially in the final few episodes.. . Personally, I would recommend to those looking for a fun and enjoyable watch. It features the same lovable and well-developed characters from the previous series, in a unique and entertaining situation. The animation quality is great, and the humor provides for ...
Darwin's Game,. is a high-stakes game in which players kill other players for points (rewards). In other words, it's a survival-killing fest or battle royale. I can also say it's a cheap Fate/Stay Night or Fate/Zero... Instead of using magic, they use just martial arts, swords, handguns, grenades, etc. So it's more raw and gore here... Instead of summoning servants, players are granted a unique skill that is largely unbalanced, some are too OP, and some are way useless.... . The story is nothing special.. They kill players in an open city, kill police officers, people are missing every day, and nobody thinks it's weird? The game is ...
Kabaneri of Iron fortress keeps having an identity crisis even in this movie by trying to be everything, but, nevertheless, there are some improvements. For one thing, the story got better compare to whatever it was in the last arc. There are now some real goals and tactics regarding annihilation of kabane. The story is about recapturing one city but this city is completely unrelated to the cities overrun with kabane from the TV series. Making it one of those cities would have made more sense, because the story doesn't present what is so important ( e.g. resources or infrastructure ) about the said city ...
It feels almost pointless to review Girls Bravo. It came out almost two decades ago, it’s not aged particularly well, and basically nobody cares about it. Answering the question “should you watch it” feels almost pointless, but for a surprising amount of people, that answer is yes.. . Girls Bravo is not particularly groundbreaking, it’s not particularly… well, good. I enjoy it, but I only enjoy it because I enjoy fanservice and harem bullshit. What makes it remarkable now is just how easy it is to watch compared to its contemporaries.. . The first half of the 2000s was an awkward period for male-targeted romance anime, where Rumiko Takahashi ...
Gestalt is one of those myriad OVAs released in the 90s, titles which often get forgotten despite a certain level of creativity and passion which deserves some recognition, even for all the problems which often beset them. Gestalt embodies this phenomenon, pairing an interesting premise with a nostalgic, if flawed, execution. Beginning with the story, it's a simple fantasy adventure setup, with a distant mystical destination, a mystery, and populated by dragons, dark elves, and sorcerers. I like the story for its creative worldbuilding, which has its own sense of identity, while also drawing on many of the tropes which give many 90s anime that ...
It's a bizarre mix of elements from an American film with anime elements. In my opinion, it shines the most when it's being bullshit and makes no sense at all. But the moment it tries to take itself seriously, everything falls apart.. . This happens because the structure of the series is not something that allows it to be taken seriously. This is evident even from the fact that any character other than the main trio is extremely one-dimensional, in addition to the fact that the only personality of all the women in the series is loving the protagonist.. . Despite all the ...
Attack on Titan: Junior high is a pretty okay parody of Attack on Titan. There's 12 episodes of 14 minutes if you exclude the opening/ending. Since it's a parody and it's based on the original anime you need to watch the first season of attack on titan before watching this. This parody also references the first episode of the attack on titan OVA quite a lot so it's probably worth watching that too.. There's at least one reference to an event in the second season but this reference isn't important and you don't have to watch the second season before watching this.. . The story is ...
Tactics is one of those anime series that used to have mid-level popularity, and I always wanted the opportunity to watch it. Now, two decades from its release, I can honestly say that it did NOT live up to the hype.. . Its underwhelming punch has less to do with its age and more with its execution. First, it's episodic, so don't expect a running plot until maybe episode 14. Which, episodic can be charming if done well, but...many of the episodes seemed to be done just because they could, and didn't leave much of an impact on me. Some episodes were predictable, and I grew ...
PROS:. This anime has a very specific target audience, if you like yuri harem, vampire loli, secretly OP main character, then by all means, enjoy this anime to the fullest.. The animation was well done , most fight scenes was great to see which kept me watching.. . CONS:. Pretty generic story with forgettable characters. Main loli vampire character is not really likeable and the whole messiah/world domination plotline is boring.. Pacing for the anime got off track towards the last few episodes, really brought my overall rating for the show lower because of it.. . Honestly, i had flashbacks of Sekai Seifuku: Bouryaku no Zvezda while watching this anime, same ...
Spy x Family is an average anime that tries to cover up its lack of identity with a whole lot of polish. For plenty of people, that works. For me, it doesn't.. . If you're reading reviews, you probably already know the premise by now: A spy, an assassin, and a telepathic child form a fake family, with all of them trying maintain their secret lives while putting on a facade of normalcy with each other and the world. The problem is that it forces the show into a jarring amalgam of genres and tones, sometimes shifting suddenly in the very same episode.. . Start with ...
This is basically Soul Land novel 5. This is the arc where Tang san reincarnate to find Xiao Wu. Other else than that then its soul land 2 Hou yuhao also going to make an appearance in this arc. Although in this arc the character here is also unique and the plot for the MC is pretty interesting it is going to be another LONG series/plot as the whole soul land novel by itself is very long. For people that just started to watch this donghua by itself will be okay. You will not know the backstory of some of the main characters that I ...
The title is pretty self-explanatory. A high school loser obsessed with anime, light novels, and dating sims, gets inspired to create his own dating sim after he has a fateful encounter with an enchanting girl. He wants to base the main heroine of his game on the aforementioned girl. Alas, the girl turns out to have an oppressively boring personality. Will he be able to turn her into a main heroine everyone will adore? Watch to find out.. . Having said that, should you actually watch it? Nah. I’m about to give you a spoiler, but it’s predictable as all hell, and you don’t really care, anyway. ...
A poor man's Toradora with reversed gender roles meets a poor man's Harry Potter. The result? This thing. Is it good? No. It is enjoyable nonetheless? Sure. It's a pretty shallow rom-com.. . For what it's worth, the artwork is very polished. I can tell that a lot of work has been put into making the characters look attractive. Having said that, the actual designs are pretty generic and unimaginative. Furthermore, the series often makes some bizarre choices in terms of color hue. The color palette just looks weird at times.. . Regardless, all in all, it's a good looking show, but I would argue it's below J.C.Staff's average. ...
This standalone movie takes some ideas from Wolf Children, some ideas from The Boy and the Beast, and puts them together into a coming-of-age love story type deal. The result is nowhere near as good as either, but it's also not too shabby. It's a pretty mundane story about prejudice and love's power to transcend societal barriers. It wasn't the worst hour and a half of my life, but certainly not the best, either. You might want to give this a try. Then again, you might not.. . It was produced by TMS Entertainment, the same studio behind Megalo Box, D.Gray-man, Baki, Dr. Stone, ReLIFE, Rent-a-Girlfriend, and ...
This kept popping up when I was browsing for Nanatsu no Taizai. The artwork looked pretty. I don't know what I expected, but this is softcore porn. It's got 12 episodes, all 3-4 minutes long, so it doesn't demand a huge amount of time investment. Credit where credit it due, all of the girls are extremely pretty and the show is not at all shy when it comes to top nudity. Yeah, I don't know what else to say. Like I said, it's just softcore porn.. . Will this be enough for you to make the bald man cry? Probably. Would you be better off just watching ...
This anime gives me the feeling that it’s written by AI hallucinations with lots of things that don’t connect, which leaves me feeling confused each new episode if I’ve missed an episode in between.. . If I want to summarize the experience of watching it, I’d say it’s like watching an incredibly condense and packed video on 2x – 3x speed with no time to process what is going on.. . It rushes through things for no particular reason; rushes through emotions or doesn’t even bother focusing on it, rushes through conclusions, introducing an idea, even the characters appearing sometimes they disappear before I even understand their purpose for ...
I mean... Holy sh*t. So a few things before the review... Couldn't he be Of age? Like why did he have to be like a 15 year old with a 500 year old demon mommy?. Whatever.. Story:. I think for the most part the Story HAS potential But for the most part since this is a Season one I didn't really see a lot of Tasty stuff, just *bonk* Horny jail tier writing because of the massive jugs and while I'm not complaining as a Man of class myself it doesn't really translate if you're looking for a story beyond that. It has potential. Let's see if ...
Genocyber is considered to be the most explicitly grotesque and gory anime of all time. Having now seen it, I can't say I disagree. It was produced in 1994 by studio Artmic, best known for producing most of the Bubblegum Crisis franchise. It finished airing just a few days after yours truly was born.. . It's another product of the 80s era of ultraviolent cyberpunk OVAs. The premise is pretty simple. Man creates some kind of new bioweapon, the Genocyber. It unsurprisingly gets out of control and the End Times™ ensue. I've lost count of how many 80s OVAs I've seen at this point where humanity meets ...
The only existing animated adaptation of the Battle Angel Alita manga, Gunnm is a 2-episode OVA from the early 90s. It covers pretty much the same ground as the Hollywood movie, minus some future arcs that the movie rushed in earlier. It's not terribly interesting, but it's also not a significant time investment. To fans of the genre or the manga, this will be time well spent.. . For what it's worth, as opposed to the movie, the city (Iron City, I think it's called?) can clearly be seen for the post-apocalyptic desiccated hellhole that it is, not the relatively poor, but vibrant and bustling hipster paradise ...
And then there's the TV show. Just in the interest of sorting out some housekeeping, if you're wondering in what order to watch the Little Witch Academia franchise, you can easily watch it all in the order of release. In fact, that is recommended. The OVA and movie are direct sequels and part of the same continuity. The TV show, however, reboots the story and changes some details of the premise and some of the characters' personalities get subtly altered. As such, fear not, the OVA and movie are not canon to the series and consequently don't spoil anything. They do, however, introduce some characters ...
TL:DR Version: Changes away from the manga dramatically reduce the individuality of the original characters and remove the complexity and subtlety of the plot. An episodic who-dunnit with a swath of interesting conflicts and subtle foreshadowing is reduced to a sea of bland interactions and plots revealed before the stories begin. "Go read the manga".. . Full version: Kusuriya no Hitorigoto is an acceptable, if bland anime interpretation of the original work. It boasts a reasonable plot, a cast of indeterminately forgettable characters, and pacing that MIGHT hit the side of a barn in the dark. In the current season line up,this makes it a stand out ...
An anime about watching people play video games.... . [ART: 8]. The art style is clean and animated well. Vibrant colors and the environmental animation for different biomes really feel like a fleshed-out world.. . [ACTION: 8]. The fight sequences are well done.. Abilities are unique and the combat from trash games are representative of the issues-turned-mechanic that you would find in actual games.. . [STORY: 7]. ...
I honestly wanted to rate this anime at a solid 10 just for its production quality, but like other animes that miss their mark, I just can't go higher than a standard 7.. . The show is gorgeous, don't forget that. But the writing, the story, the characters, are all so surface level they are just like cardboard cut outs. The main female protagonist was the worst to sit through. Actually, the whole anime just felt like a giant slideshow about her inner dialogue that it completely forced me to just sit and wait for her to narrate the story while giving little consideration to other ...
I am truly flabbergasted. I don't even know where to begin. I walked into this not knowing what I was in for, which made the whole experience that much more bewildering. Vampire Holmes represents a legendary failure, a work so profoundly bad that it is truly only fit to laugh at, and even then that is being quite merciful. Every moment in Vampire Holmes is a new unfolding creative travesty, and it just gets worse the more you watch. It's like trying to explain an ambien hallucination. Who's the white-haired dude in the OP? Is that supposed to be Holmes? But I never saw him ...
It's a stupid Anime about a stupid girl who does stupid things in stupid situations and gets stupid outcomes and then gets abused by her Stupid Senpai. It's straight and to the point but it's so repetitive. It's a guilty pleasure of mine personally but there's a reason why after 6 years this hasn't got a season 2. Sorry but not sorry. Idk why it was even adapted into a anime. Story isn't really interesting it's pretty repetitive they do something at the end of the last episode but that gets nipped in the bud. The MC is literally just her and her senpai and the ...
So if I'm being 100% honest it's a Fun goofy anime that Kinda Is cringe I'll give the "not Recommendeds" that. The beginning of the First season almost made me drop it entirely, but I understand that's the story trying to convey Teenage Confusion hormones Blah blah blah but it's still weird ESPECIALLY in the dub. But what this story does show is the Relationship between Boys and men the Trials and tribulations that we go through and stuff it's a positive outlook but bro, it's so Boring at times. Romcoms ain't known to have deep intricate stories but cmon try something new man be ...
Huh. Where to start with Mameshiba? It's certainly a unique little experience. Much can be gleaned from its title alone, which roughly translates to "beany dogs" or " little bean dogs". What you see here really is what you get, and is an experience I'd liken to a fever dream more than anything else. Beginning with the strongest aspect of Mameshiba, the story, this anime, if you can even call it that, consists of a smattering of astonishingly brief vignettes, less than a minute each, where someone interacts with food that has beans or bean-like things in it, like peanuts or pistachios, when they notice ...
The story continues with Rudeus (a reincarnated man from another world) as he continues his journey to reunite his family after a mana storm teleported the people of his village.. . Rudeus has already found his father and sisters in the previous season. Only people left to find are his mother and childhood friend.. . Rudeus is dealing with heartbreak, depression and even suicidal thoughts. But hopefully through his journeys, and through the people he meets, will find the will to press forward.. . This season could have been better but ruined by an unnecessary subplot about erectile dysfunction…. Come to think of it thats actually the main plot of season ...
I have to say I'm a bit disappointed.. . I remember the first season so well and how it was one of the best things back then, and now these later seasons haven't been able to catch up.. . I cant' explain it too well but somehow this season feels like it should be in the middle of a bigger season. The writing and the plot twists feel refreshing since something is actually happening but something is still missing. And I can't put my finger on it.. . I think I might miss the overall vibe of the school dormitory life mixed with the big and grand plot ...
This is a 3/10 show with some 10/10 lines. It has the most one note characters and simple elementary schooler plots. Then the show will say some shit like "Yokai Vacation in Hawaii?" *"Beats Albuquerque."* and I HOWL with laughter. Manjimutt is the funniest gag character on the planet, that has become the punching bag for me and my friend, causing several inside jokes to form. This show probably won't be too amazing to watch by yourself, but watching with another person or more, this show is funny as HELL if you can riff off of it with someone else.. . For every "Lol HAHA Fart ...
The Swordsmith Village Arc is a bad sign for anyone who was concerned about issues that Demon Slayer has been presenting since Season 1, mostly concerning the overall plot from the larger down to the smaller details. This show is absolutely in love with presenting many new plot elements, and then choosing when, how much, and indeed whether they will explain anything about these elements. Information explaining Wisteria, the Demon Slayer (Nichirin?) Swords, the strikingly similar appearance of several characters, the abilities of characters, the history and motivations of characters, etc etc is given to us almost completely at random if it is given to ...
I started watching Season 1 last year, in preparation for the “To The Swordsmith Village” film. I realised how little time I had to myself and the amount of episodes, so I stopped watching when they revealed Inosuke.. . Decided to re-attempt watching the series again after noticing there was another film coming out this year. I now have more free time and decided to finish what I’ve started.. . I heard that the series gets better after season 1, unfortunately there are over 20 episodes and it did feel draining to watch at times. The animation definitely carries this series, otherwise I feel like I’m watching a My ...
Don't let the colossal amount of hype this show has affect your expectations: Solo Leveling is a perfectly average video-game-adjacent reincarnation power fantasy, and nothing more. It's got a clever hook of being in modern times both before and after reincarnation, but other than that, it's about what the average anime enthusiast would expect from your typical seasonal reincarnation arc. The aesthetic of an average dude in a hoodie fighting generic fantasy monsters in the city streets with a knife is really the only thing new it brings, so if that sounds enjoyable to you, then go ahead and give this a watch.. . Here's a few ...
The only thing I can recall vaguely about the latest installment to the Shield Hero series is.... . Wow it took them that long just to show us basic character development and it also took them an entire 12 ep. just to never even bother going into the main theme of the current arc it is covering supposedly?. . Honestly, the only thing I am glad for is the consistency of the MC who has shown phenomenal growth in both character as status.. Because frankly, he was the only one that felt remotely paletable and understandable when compared to the rest of the characters. in the show throughout the 12 ep's ...
tl;dr: A film with a few interesting aspects and great art in some respects but overall really weak writing.. . Iroduku is an anime that has a very busy beginning. It’s starts out in the future so it has a bit of sci-fi going on. However, the protagonist Hitomi and her grandma are mages who can use magic, which her grandma suddenly uses to send Hitomi 60 years into the past. Hitomi suddenly appears in the middle of someone’s room and has to sneak out, leading to a strange misunderstanding in the process. And to top it all off, Hitomi is fully colorblind, meaning she sees in ...
This Show is absolute garbage! I had gone into this show completely blind looking for a "Wholesome Romance" to watch and had heard from a certain "someone" on a podcast that is was good so i had started it. immediately i was thrown into an incestual mess that all i could say was that i was stressing. And throughout the show it just seems to get worse. episode 7 had me completely broken and making me think about my existence and what was i even watching. i am on a streak where i am yet to drop a show so i had forced myself to ...
Finally got around to watching this movie after years of hearing about it. And I gotta say, it's not what I was expecting.. . Being produced by Studio Trigger, you'd think it could be good, but the movie is alright for the most part. There's a lot to like, but the pacing and the multiple story twists ultimately lead to its downfall. I like the characters, and Kamina 2.0 if you've watched Gurren Lagann. I love the art style and the animation. I think I'd ultimately like the story if it hadn't been for the pacing. The pacing was so fast, introducing new twists and turns to ...
The show started out as something pretty all right, found itself around the Mafia Arc, peaked with Greed Island and then took a sharp nosedive with the Chimera Ants.. . It’s like satire on the genre with worse pacing and exposition dumps than some of the worst offenders combined. The whole nen thing gets overexplained and changes happen to be able to shoehorn in some unhinged idea which goes from ridiculous martial arts into whatever power is convenient in the moment.. . The characters are walking stereotypes and the entire thing would’ve been a solid 7/10 if Gon just found his dad after Greed Island — The End.
Bunny girl is by far my favourite anime. The whole first season was packed with emotional moments and the first movie was the grand finale that managed to tie everything together in a spectacular manner. I binged it all in one night and there hasn't been another show that even came close to giving me an emotional rollercoaster of the same intensity. I cried for hours and even the whole next day I had a sort of "after glow" of all the emotions it caused in me, it was certainly an experience.. . And so it really pains me to see, that this movie was nothing like ...
Flashy fights with everything else below standard.. . Story 5/10. The protagonist is out for revenge. That's the story. Mostly a setup for crazy action sequences.. . Art 8/10. The art style is reminiscent of American cartoons, which might be a turnoff for some. The main focus of the series is action and, boy, do they deliver on that front. The action is amazing animation wise, but lacks buildup leaving fights feeling meaningless. If you keep an eye out, you'll catch a fair amount of slightly funny looking shots, but regardless the animation is really promising. With a little more honing there will be nothing left to complain about.. . Sound 4/10. Environmental sounds ...
Three seasons in and, honestly, I’m still left wanting by this series. As per usual, it does a lot of things well, but by focusing chiefly on karuta (it somehow feels like it's doing that even more this season, though I haven't verified that), it misses opportunities to make the most of what it has built up over all this time. The mid-season confession(s) (one was a pseudo confession to someone entirely different) felt ham-fisted and barely panned out to anything, and the season finally seems to realize it can do a lot more in its last few episodes, producing some legitimately great stuff just ...
I guess you really have to be in school to enjoy this, because this story looks like a generic dream of a generic school kid. Not much of a plot when all you have to do is install some questionable software to become "special" and have a conversation with a girl of your dreams. And on this basis, you will have a common interest with her and develop a relationship.. . It is kinda lame and immersion-breaking to have to handwave the fact that this ability can't realistically be contained in this particular piece of software, because people are pretty good at replicating something that they know ...
I'm making this review mainly to tell you that the anime doesn't finish the plot, it ends in a cliffhanger. I don't think it's worth it to watch the 24 episodes while there's not a continuation out there to watch.. All in all, Helck has a vibe similar to the old 2000's animes, which is really refreshing. You can see that in the art style and also in the type of comedy that is scattered here and there and softens the plot, which is actually surprisingly dark.. Art style: amazing.. Animation: really good, well-balanced fighting scenes.. Plot: the main plot is surprisingly good, but it doesn't finish, and it's ...
Blue Excorcist is back 5 years later, for the anime only watchers who wonder what is happening why is there more from one point on until the end season 1 was entirely filler. . Plot: (6/10). Remember the illuminati from the conspiracy theories back in the day? they are the villains of this season, crazy scientists, demons and all that. . Animation: (7/10). Nothing really special or really bad. . Characters (7/10) alr for those who dont remember much. Rin is if naruto got fused with kurama but with a sword (also a simp for a girl who is simping yukio). ...
If you look at most of the negative reviews, they essentially read as "I came to watch a hentai and the trash character refused to have sex" If you want to purely see animated breasts go watch a hentai, this isn't that. Mind you, there's nudity in every episode as well as fan service, however there is definitely a story to be told here.. . The story: A few males with rare diseases are frozen so cures can be found for them, a virus dessimates the male population, a few males who were frozen are brought back later on to try and repopulate civilization. Now, that's a ...
Dungeon Meshi is pretty much a slice of life, comedy, adventure anime all rolled up into one.. . It deals with serious situations with a light-hearted feel. What would be considered a serious issue, such as death and murder, Dungeon Meshi addresses with a light-hearted approach. At first I was taken aback, but keeping an open mind, I would assume this was intentional on the writer's part.. . The characters are regular roles that you would generally find in a party, characters don't really have any personal development. We are simply along for the ride in this dungeon run.. . The anime's and consideration for the ecosystem of a dungeon as ...
This shit made me REALLY annoyed. I watched the first 5 episodes to try and get a feel for the show, and I was into the concept immediately believing that I could make find a new comfortable show with loose character development potential. Instead, I get a comedy with near no development, and while it's fun and charming, it fails to deliver on any sort of story which makes it quite grating. This show is also heavily pun-based, which is expected of comedies, but jokes are hard to translate into Subs without adding context which essentially ruins them. I'll be sticking with more traditional romance ...
I assume you already watched the first season when you are watching this and its better in almost every way, art is the same but the plot and its episodes and characterization are better in every way(the villains are also much better than previous seasons as threats), animation its on average better than the average episodes of last season but it doesn't have the really 2 good animated episodes of the last one.. . So despite all those improvements and more consistent narrative and an actual overarching plot its ruined by filler(meaning non relevant episodes) and the pacing goes to hell due to this since they get ...
It was a decent enough show in a season that didn't have a ton going on, but I feel like it was a lot more divisive than it normally would have been due to the sometimes unconventional art style and structure of the episodes. A lot of people took issue that it was unrealistic that she forgets her glasses so frequently, but I feel like if you were reading this one story at a time as a gag manga, it would kind of have the feel that these are all different incidents spread out, whereas seeing 3 or 4 stories per episode in quick succession ...
Hakone-chan is an inoffensive little OVA with some fun eccentricities that ornament each episode's 3 minute runtime, which manages to be pretty funny throughout, even if it fails to really stand out from the crowd. Beginning with the story, it is the strongest aspect of the show for sure. There's actually a shocking amount of substance and worldbuilding packed in here, which is to say that even though it's still not very much in the grand scheme of things, it is still far more than what one typically expects from such a fleeting title. The concept of onsen spirits is fun, and the subtle way ...
An anime with completely over-the-top characters, characters who if they actually had the personality they have in the show would have long ago been dead. The only real redeeming quality of this show it the setting of the world which is very clearly dystopian with a background that makes you wondering exactly what's going on. I'll keep most of this short as to not spoil too much; however there isnt exactly much to give away.. . The battles themselves arent exactly the best, for example in one episode the main characters in their gundam stick their arm straight out and never move it, but destroy a bunch ...
witch from mercury season 2 is both a lot a fun, with points surpassing season 1. but it also has a couple issues in my opinion, meaning i think it averages around the same as season 1.. . the characters are still very engaging to keep up with. the plot season 2 helps further show hoe much these characters have grown since episode 1 and before. there wasn't a character i disliked in season 1 (from a writing standpoint), but season 2 made these characters feel more real than ever.. . the action scenes are generally either on par or better than the action from season 1. putting so ...
The anime started off great in the first two episodes.. And after that she went in very boring directions.. . I really liked the first episode and it made me expect a really good series, but as the episodes progressed, the extent of the disappointment became clear.. . Generic characters with no background story, slow and boring pace of plot development.. . Usually I deal with anime like this and manage to watch and finish. I had a hard time with this anime.. . The design of the anime itself looks good and the battle scenes are reasonable.. ...
It's not bad essentially, but isn't quite as interesting either. It had a potential for a deeper story and it didn't really reach that, at least in my case.. . Like many villainess reincarnation manhwas, it posses the same stereotypical character which I have grown tired of. That's potentially the reason that I have dropped this anime for, it didn't keep me wishing for more, didn't make me engaged. Simply put, I find that it lacked depth and plot.. . Yet again, I don't tend to watch romance animes so my opinion might not be as relevant as the one of a person who enjoys this direction of anime.
Honestly one of the best types of Godzilla media out there, sadly there are times when the dialogue can get boring, Godzilla and other Kaiju only serve tiny screentime for all the characters to come up with some new Scientific Breakthroughs or whatever. The only problem in this show is that they really didn't plan the dialogue well making in some of the most boring and yawn inducing parts of the show not to mention only having 13 episodes with numerous characters to introduce. I brute forced myself to watch all the episodes which I guess is worth it since I got to see Godzilla ...
I read the manhwa of Doctor Alice a long time ago. The anime starts with Dr. Aoi Takamoto getting isekai'd to her first life, where she led to deaths of her family members and herself. She decides to use her medical and past knowledge to save lives.. . The downside is it's unrealistic as Elise can do every type of surgery and never fails. The characters are likeable but similar to many other isekai anime. The art and opening is fine.. . Doctor Elise is a good inspiration for young female viewers who want to be a surgeon. It's good for a quick watch but it might ...
The ova is just a typical 90s shoujo anime with nothing that stands out as being particularly interesting. By no means is it egregious in any ways but that's where the fault lies with the show just not doing enough to warrant a watch. It falls into the classic ova trap of trying to cram too much into a single episode which destroys the pacing and rushes character development. If it was presented as a 12 episode series it could have potentially helped with the flaws in character development. Overall if you're looking for a well written romance with a solid plot I would not ...
As controversial as recap episodes tend to be, especially in the context of currently airing seasonal shows, this one in particular does not escape the former allegations. Yes, it’s a time stall for the production of future episode, but for the consumers, it is hell on earth.. . I originally read the Manhwa a long time ago and I’ve been keeping up with the Anime version ever since its debut, it has surely been an interesting outlook on the series especially for how different both versions are but I gotta say, this recap slid in right into place, being a run down through the first seven episodes, ...
Anime Metallic Rouge evokes a blend of emotions. Its unique characters captivate viewers, while its artistic visuals and soundtrack create a mesmerizing atmosphere. However, the pacing can be slow at times, and certain plot points may leave audiences perplexed. The balance between action, romance, and drama is well-executed, but it might not cater to everyone's taste. Overall, Metallic Rouge is a visually stunning anime with a complex narrative, deserving appreciation but also open to diverse interpretations.The storytelling is off. The story is predictable. The pacing will leave you in shambles. The artstyle is perfectly matvhed with the theme. The characters have flaws.
It's fun to watch, don't get me wrong. But I have to admit the mc is kinda disgusting esp his old voice in the kid and the dirty mindedness. Plus a handful of adult only scenes (or implications) means that it's not for the underaged to watch. How is it not banned I have no idea, a bunch of sensitive people will completely wreck this anime coz it involves sex implications or pedophilia (altho the mc is also a child he has an adult mind), etc. . Conclusion : a great isekai, but do not watch if you're sensitive esp those from the US. . PS: My scores are usually generous . ...
To the show's credit, there's intrigue in the setting and the mystery of what exactly is being portrayed. This is probably the show's strong suit: the theory-bait stuff that sucks in lore-addicts that want to piece the mystery together. But that comprises of maybe 5% of the show. The rest is combat.. . And oh my god, for an anime that's main focus is combat, the combat is atrociously, mind-numbingly boring. The only method this anime has for creating suspense is "bar go down".. . OMG, WiLl I hAve EnoUGH hP?. Oh nO, dO i hAvE eNouGH mAnA?. . Literally, there are PLENTY of scenes where you are JUST watching a ...
Bottom-Tier Character Tomozaki. is an odd one... this anime is not really Romance or RomCom. It's more like a geeky-gamer nerd makeover to try-hard life normie because we do not get much romantic (there are some but only a touch on the surface) and the drama part is not love drama or love triangle, it's more about the gamer's social status (look down or bully).. . As the title suggested,. MC is a GOD in the game but he is a bottom-tier trash loser in real life, while FMC is a perfectionist GOD-tier both in the game and IRL. They met IRL and FMC decided to help MC makeover. ...
To start,rewatch the great pretender before watching this,personally i havent watched the original for a few years now and i spent way too much time during this film thinking "whos that?".. . Overall This was a decent film, comparing it to the original series... it just doesnt have the high points that the original has,its consistently good, not great. The original had amazing and absurd climaxes that this just didnt have, the climax wqs anti climactic, confusing (partially because of the reason above) and just wasnt super satisfying.. . The film takes a different approach from the conman style of the original its kind of an action ...
Suzuka is a sporty take on the classic high school romance of its era. Its 2005 animation is retro for the modern day, along with many of its episodic plots, but the relationship between the two main leads is engaging and unique. The story utilizes a slightly melodramatic tone throughout, but never to the point of frustration.. . The main female lead, the titular Suzuka, maintains her likability through the ups and downs inherent in early 2000s anime while never feeling like a flat character. She is certainly best described as a tsundere character however, which may not be appealing to every viewer. Meanwhile, our protagonist Yamato ...
This anime had major selling points. For starters, the art style is amazing. I made sure I was watching in HQ so I could truly appreciate it. The entire toon-horror aesthetic was delightful and you can a lot of detail was put into this. The background art itself is wallpaper worthy. While great on the surface, the story is where it lost me. Hanako brings interesting story ideas to the table inspired by true Japanese urban legends. Unfortuantely, the storytelling is clunky, the characters barely see any development and I personally Japanese humour… cringy. In fact, the humour is where the majority of the storytelling ...
It starts off pretty well but it really is kind of tame when all is said and done. I enjoyed it but it was boring and the last couple episodes are left field and I found it really silly, although in my head Im gearing to forget the Anime arc moving forward. Its charming and I definitely want to continue with Season 2 and 3, so we'll see where it goes. The movie was good though it was fun although I know 16-25 are not canon it was aight. I like Rin he's a stereotypical main character but Yukio is so much cooler in my ...
I feel as this adaptation could of been so much greater than it is right now. Don't get me wrong, it's still good but this adaptation doesn't live up to my expectations.. . Story (adaptation): 5/10. As a Manwha reader, this story actually was one of the biggest influences for a lot of the anime genre along with SAO. I personally loved it (i rate the manga 8/10). The adaptation does somewhat follow the story but they add unnecessary bits and pieces making it more confusing for new & returning watchers. A lot of the pacing is off aswell.. . Art & Animation: 8/10. A-1 Did a great job for the ...
It was good until it wasn't.. . I don't know what's wrong with this series. It always starts strong and interesting, only to completely destroy itself by the end.. . The same story is repeated here. The first 3 parts ("intermissions") are interesting and enjoyable, and then there's a blatantly rushed ending out of nowhere that makes zero sense. At least it's not at a Looney Tunes level, like in the original anime.. . The original characters don't take part in the story, and honestly speaking, they are not needed. The attempt to link them brings almost nothing.. . The art and music are cool, as always. If not for the ending, it ...
I think this'll be the shortest review I've written. Therefore, "Kamonohashi Ron no Kindan Suiri". If I consider this as a comedy and detective - it was quite good, I laughed a lot and tried to guess the mysteries with them (sometimes even simultaneously guessed which imo is not an advantage for the series of this genre). The art is beautiful (I'm just a fan of handsome feminine men and bossy women). The OST is good. And the plot smoothly adds some main mysteries we still have to solve in the season 2.. . However, was it worthy of my time? Not sure.. . Would I recommend you ...
First and foremost, this is not an action anime. Currently this show is not listed as action on MAL, but it use to be and some other sites still list it as so, hence my warning. If you are going for that aspect you will be solely disappointed. There is occasional action sequence or two spaced between literal episodes of content. This is a slice of life with drama and some very subtle humor spread around it but not to a measure to be called a comedy.. . It's average, but nothing more than that. Whole show is a depiction of someone's hatred towards men and ...
The first season functions as a pastiche of noir, giallo, mecha anime and 60s tokusatsu programs. It blends elements of pulp fiction with Lovecraftian undertones. The mostly episodic adventures range from detective fiction to kaiju and climax with a giant robot battle. The robot fights are dynamic and provide novelty by having the titular mech reveal a special move or hidden weapon to defeat each enemy.. The show drops hints about the mysteries of Paradigm city and the reasons for its’ residents losing their memory. While it never answers these questions, they mainly function to evoke a certain mood. Part ...
If cringe was a genre, i am sure this anime would have been the top pick. Its plot is sooooo complicated that if someone asks me to describe it in short, it would become a 300 words essay. In short, its fucked up. And if that's not enough, then go read the manga. Its even more fucked up. Even an incest hentai plot is less complicated than this anime. Its not like i absolutely hate it but its not what i expected from a romance anime. The only saving grace for it is its fireeee opening.. . The MC is really trying to bag two sisters, ...
Ah, ya cack-handed it.. . An initially compelling murder mystery involving robots, parts start falling off this chassis the further along it goes. I love Urasawa's style, but this story has the same issue Monster had where he takes an interesting premise and hefty themes to work with then just piles on WAY too many moving parts (characters, subplots) that don't work in harmony, with redundancy and overlap which ultimately lessens the experience. By the end, the viewer is just repeatedly hit with scenes of characters having revelations that we already know, repeating the same lines about memories, hatred, sadness etc ad nauseum, until the wife ...
Dogs: Bullets & Carnage is an inoffensive little OVA from 2009 that barely takes an hour to watch in full and definitely feels like a product of its time. It is nostalgically edgy in that particular late-2000s fashion, but beyond that it's a fairly unremarkable show. Beginning with the story, it consists of a series of self-contained vignettes connected in some way to the criminal underground of a city "somewhere in Europe", as the anime puts it. It's perfectly serviceable, and only lays about as much groundwork as is strictly necessary for the vignettes to make sense. Even so, it does feel a little disjointed, ...
This is what it purports itself to be, a recap episode.. . Storywise, I think the series is at a good point for a break. If it allows the production team to prepare properly for the next episode, so be it. The animation quality has been top notch, there has to be a human cost behind it in order to achieve that level of quality. I hope A-1 is treating its animators right.. . As for the episode, it is a good way to watch the first seven episodes again. If that is not for you, feel free to skip it and catch up with the season's other shows ...
It’s an ok anime. Very generic shonen, but it’s fine. We’ve had huge titles lately, but that’s honestly not its main problem. I would say it’s a pretty forgettable show and it didn’t leave a strong impression on me. It felt kind of predictable, and considering how many other good alternatives are out there, this doesn’t come close.. . I didn’t connect with any of the characters. The concept is fine but it lacks some logistics.. . There are definitely more solid shonens to watch (this season too) but it’s not a bad watch by all means. I would say that!the first episodes were the most solid ...
Regarding the recap episode of Solo Leveling,. . I have to say that the review seems to underestimate its importance. Yes, I understand that for some viewers it may seem unnecessary or even annoying to watch an episode that reiterates already known events, but we must acknowledge that there are also advantages. For some of us, this episode provided the opportunity to revisit some key details of the story and to make deeper connections between events. Furthermore, for those who joined the series later or haven't followed every episode closely, this was a perfect opportunity to catch up with everything that has happened so far.. . So, even ...
This is what i call a parody of an isekai that isn funny. I get what they are trying to do but isnt working clearly i like a good dumpster fire but this is just straight up trash.. In no way is this a turnoff brain fun it just boring from the very first episode.. The whole class got isekai,d fine ok the first few minutes were good dumpter material but after that it just felt they were trying to hard.. The main protagonist girl annous me the most with her troupe , at least even if its trash put little effort to make it a funny worthwhile ...
I watched this anime after I find an interest on space, mysterious planet, survival theme show like Astra Lost In Space, but it doesn't fulfill my expectation. I thought it would be like exploring an unhabited planet with various abnormal condition.. . Space travelling must be a science fiction stuff but in Uninhabited Planet Survive they did a little explanation about what happened, they wrap the information without even telling what is actually happened and it leaving a lot of question for me.. . The plot itself is good, the visual were not too bad, but the background music is not my taste. The good things are the story ...
Aru Tabibito no Nikki follows Tortov Roddle as he explores an esoteric dreamscape, providing a short and mysterious adventure. The anime showcases remarkable creativity, with unique visuals that immerse viewers in its surreal world. The music accompanying the scenes complements the creativity, enhancing the overall experience. However, some viewers may find its avant-garde approach pretentious, as it delves into abstract themes and imagery. Yet, for those who appreciate its artistic merits, the series offers a captivating exploration of unconventional style and thematic elements. Despite its concise nature, it remains a compelling choice for enthusiasts of experimental animation and introspective storytelling.
The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten,. is a 100% sugar-sweet romance anime between the MC who is rather a dull introvert from the outside (but he is actually a good cool guy) and the FMC who looks like a pure perfect beautiful lady from the outside. She is so perfect in every possible way that everyone calls her "Angel". However, she doesn't know true love and needs to wear an angel mask all the time.. . They opened up to each other because the MC has helped her on her bad day (there are reasons for this), thus she feels the need to repay him back and ...
Keijo!!!!!!!! may not be the pinnacle of anime sophistication, but it knows exactly what audience it's aiming for. It doesn't try to push boundaries but rather embraces its unique premise wholeheartedly. The fighting style is undeniably interesting, using boobs and butts in a new way, blending athleticism with ridiculous tactics. The visuals of the series hold up decently, with the characters being well-defined, and the animation during the matches being the highlight of the series. However, where the series fails is its lack of character motivation and development. Without a compelling backstory or clear goals for the characters, it's difficult for the battles to carry ...
The trademark of this anime is the fake deaths, people can say "wow what a great resource how they trick you with the deaths hahaha because it's an anime about scammers and they scam you" Man, it's good that they do it but in the first season they already overexploited this, it even reduces tension and takes away the value of the character's life as such, because you think "ah, but it doesn't matter, Laurent is going to save him with an Aizen-type plan".. . This brings us to Dorothy who gets shot and falls into the sea, maybe I missed something or closed my eyes when ...
Bleach: Sennen Kessen-hen - Ketsubetsu-tan. . . I can hardly decide which of the two new seasons was better or worse. Like the first, this season got off to a pretty dynamic start and delivered more Bleach lore to fans of the series. Among other things, this season also included one of the most popular Zaraki fights from the manga, which was well represented.. . The real problem with this season is not whether it's good or bad, but how generic it is. Absolutely nothing happens in this season that hasn't already been done several times by other shounen, one cliché follows the other, offering no variety whatsoever.. The first ...
I haven't read the manga, so be aware that I'm going to speak as someone who only knows the facts narrated in the season aired in 2021.. The premise of the story is the same as "The Sixth Sense", that is, the protagonist is a person who sees dead people all the time. The problem is that in the first episodes the ecchi is so frequent that it disrupts the atmosphere of tension that a horror scene requires. I have no problem with ecchi, (even the Monogatari franchise and Golden Boy are among my favorite animes) but this time it really harmed my immersion ...
I've just finished watching this OVA. In summary, the animation is flawless, almost at a movie level, and the design and aesthetics are even more outstanding. However, for me, this OVA was a missed potential. Many things happen without apparent reason, with little development, especially concerning the villain from the first episode, and several loose ends are left unexplained.. . I believe "Cyber City Oedo" is the typical anime that you need to turn off your brain to enjoy. For those who enjoy more surreal anime or just want to watch something for entertainment, I recommend it. However, if you're expecting something more profound, I wouldn't recommend ...
The first impressions were not too good, it felt like a basic trash isekai with a twist. But, I have to say it did turn out okay.. . The story is nothing unseen before and the plot twists are kinda predictable. Still, what it does it does okay.. BUT. What amuses me the most is that it's comically clear where they have put the effort in the animation. The cooking scenes are god-tier! Everything else is mid to trash. It's funny to see a bit clumsy and akwardly animated fight scene and right after it perfectly crafted cooking scene with every bit of care you'd need. The ...
Like the Serie a lot (manhwa) , as an standalone experience (didn't read the manhwa before but after) it's a super nice experience. I never skipped the intro, a banger and the animation is really enjoyable. A lot of great moments.. The Characters are pretty interested and I laughed a lot watching this.. . In General this show is good, the reason why I put a 7 is if it was a bit more accurate to the manhwa I would give a 8. I think it's fine that some stuff isn't 100% the same but not when its important.. Where the bad comes in is if you read ...
Doukyuusei Remake The Animation follows Takurou, a likable weirdo, as he takes his numerous female friendships to the next level (that level being lots of consensual, romantic, vanilla sex). The story is effectively an anthology, fittingly framed as taking diverging routes in a dating sim. (Doukyuusei Remake is based on a dating sim of the same name, unsurprisingly a remake of Doukyuusei, a classic early 90s dating sim.) As a disclaimer, I have not played either of the source games, nor have I watched Doukyuusei's older hentai anime adaptation.. . The story of Doukyuusei Remake The Animation basically just speedruns a traditional dating sim, a plot format ...
Corpse Party keeps you on edge but is not necessarily the eerie and unsettling horror you are looking for. It doesn't provide the feeling of doom to the viewer and doesn't necessarily cause us to overthink the plot, and it is more of a mystery thriller and a watch if someone likes speculating the plot as they go about. The twists and turns keep giving those 'oh no' and 'not this please' moments except in the second and third episodes, where things go a bit boring, but wait for the fourth episode, which seems worth the wait. One extra star just for the fourth and ...
My principle take is as follows - Boruto is no worse than the original title. . Boruto's plot is no worse than Naruto's plot. In many ways, it follows the tropes of the original, but at the same time, Boruto's story literally makes you believe in a certain plot twist... I'm talking about the main conflict that makes you wonder whether the main character is actually a good guy. . the action has always been questionable with the franchise, but now it's not a lot of ninja techniques, of which there were so many in the original that it made for stupid moments when the author himself no longer ...
Lets be frank. The only redeeming quality of this show is its strong story.. . Other things are either just average or sucks, be it direction or character development.. . The most horrendous thing about this anime is its art & animation. It just sucks. What the hell the studio was thinking with such a crappy background art, character art & worse of all CGI.. . Even the animation wasn't smooth & feel off some time which is bad considering when its released. Had this animation in an anime launched in early 2000s or even 2010s, then it would make bearable but not now.. . The character development is just average & direction ...
"Our Love Story" is a simple romance anime that is good for someone not looking to make a commitment.. . This show doesn't particularly break any molds; it's a mix of common tropes someone familiar with the genre would recognize. I wouldn't say this makes it bad however. Predictable, maybe. About halfway thru the series I did get a little bored as I felt the story had reached a natural conclusion but it just kept going.. . To add to that, it felt like the last 4 episodes were stuffed with unnecessary drama purely to meet an episode quota. I don't think the viewers were given much time ...
The last episode was so good, I wish that the whole series had been that good. There were a lot of underwhelming moments throughout the series but the events culminated nicely at the end, the backstory of the main character definitely served to advance the plot and not to enrich the character herself. Pretty much all she does is cook; she can cook and it solves all the problem in the story. For me the characters are all pretty one dimensional. . The lack of any sort of animation really made the production of the anime feel sloppy. I am sure that the additional level of detail ...
if you view this as satire it's actually quite entertaining however every action scene was riddled with crappy cgi that made me resent there being action. i genuinely think this had potential to be way better then it was but i still somewhat enjoyed it. i think development and backstory into some of the main cast could have been cool instead of every female character just joining the Yuuya Harem fan club as potential for this was shown with the super model girl. i dunno it was all kinda silly but entertaining. the animation style was actually cool when there was no cgi and the ...
The first season of the anime was excellent, I really loved every part of it.. The humor of the story The rate of progress in the plot.. I was really waiting for a new season of the anime... . Unfortunately this season just didn't work... From the slow and boring pace of the plot.. The characters did not develop as in the previous season.. There was always an expectation for something good and interesting to happen that just didn't come.. . I thought maybe they would give more backstory or even focus a little on other main characters but it all just felt like a big waste of time.. ...
One sentence review: This is probably the most well-sculptured turd of an anime I have seen. Extremely well-crafted, but also totally cringy.. . Expectations before watching: This popped up out of nowhere on streaming last month, and the premise looks very interesting at least. Also, MAPPA studio has gradually become one of my favorites over the years.. . The reality: The basic worldbuilding and fantastical elements are very far-fetched, and the main plot is essentially a super cringy story about a toddler getting jealous of her mom for being madly in love with her dad. Seriously? You don't need a super convoluted "Spirited Away" type setting to tell ...
My first impression of the work was rather negative. Firstly, Sakurai's voice, the main male character, bothered me quite a bit. They chose to go with a voice that matched his "terrifying at first glance" appearance, which is heavily emphasized throughout the episodes. The fact that his gaze is scary and surprising, but in "normal" dialogues, his voice is a bit too deep to fit the situations. His voice doesn't quite match well with the moments when Sakurai will be calmer. However, with Uzaki, although he frequently raises his voice, he is also quite calm and transparent by nature. However, to contrast with what I ...
Premise sounds lame, because if being a genius is the only thing going for him and it is used as justification for all plot resolutions, as it is the case, then story become stale pretty fast for my taste. Still, this is much better than to see the use of "modern knowledge" which is the case in some trash isekais, when author own knowledge of subject is based on reading 5 minute wikipedia article on it. Anyway, amount of ass pulls and "smart" moves is pretty high here.. . Poor premise aside, politics portrayed here are main plot line and good enough to capture attention. Second ...
This is a show made to sell the light novels, The first two episodes creates fun characters in an interesting dynamic that almost makes you hype to see what they do with it.. Then a time skip to probably the best arc in the novel series so far and your just waiting for something to happen because as an anime viewer we have no character development for this very character centric arc. then we get to see the "Intellectual fight" that you can predict the story beats immediately even if this is your second monitor entertainment, slowly drag on for 4 episodes.. But then it ends with ...
◆ If there is one show I really have "mixed feelings" about, that'd be Narutaru. . Any connoisseur of genre deconstructions, or happy-go-lucky shows that unexpectedly turn grim/disturbing, will likely at some point stumble across Shadow Star Narutaru and ponder whether it's worth giving it a go despite its low score and mostly negative reviews. I'll try to brief you on what you should and shouldn't expect as you make your decision.. . Shadow Star Narutaru has an interesting premise, but unluckily in the already limited time of 13 episodes it's been given, it tries to go in different, disjointed directions, and never seems to reach any destinations.. It raises ...
Onmyouji is one of those anime that rely heavily on emotional payoffs at the end of the season. The beginning is a bit boring and the characters all feel one dimensional. Some, do get more depth. Others remain with that problem. It is for that reason that this story isn't winning any rewards. Despite that, I did enjoy it. While not entirely historical, the main character was a real person in history. That and some cool Japanese mythology gives the story a bump. Like I said though, it relies entirely on you, the viewer, understanding and appreciating the message it is trying to deliver. If ...
If the anime was completed & continued, Blood Lad would be a fun & entertaining ongoing series as the characters, world, interactions & fights are solid but sadly there is only one season and most of it by the end of the final episode was set-up and worldbuilding.. . It lacked answers to questions, payoffs to events and overall there wasn't a conclusion to anything that was presented from the shows start.. . If the show recieves another season by some chance, I think it would be worth the watch for those who want story and a fun world but as it stands you should only watch it for ...
I like it. I have read the manhwa beforehand, so I have some expectations. One of them is animation and character design. Elise is just as beautiful as I remember. But I have some complaints in regards to the prince, because his character art is heavily inconsistent (the hair akksks), and the animation isn't the most grandiose either. Just ok enough to get by. But I like the story, they seem to take into account the important points of the original works and execute them pretty well. I don't remember the original story all that much, but the impression that I have from the manhwa ...
It certainly is better in quality than most of the series out there, but that being said; Joker Game is challenging to watch, for me at least.. . I acknowledge that it is part of the "mystery", but storytelling is just confusing and often very hard to follow. Okay, some things are happening and agents find themselves in different scenarios, but you as the viewer, have no damn clue why and how is this agent doing that thing. This could be the "mystery" only if it was solvable by the viewer but when you do it intentionally so that everybody have no idea what is going on, ...
I really enjoyed it at the start. It was different from anything I've seen. But my interest gradually dropped. It took me a month to finish 12 eps. And even the last 3 eps I barely managed to finish.. . It started so good. With the whole isekai. Character establishment. The working environment in other world. Magic. Beasts etc. But then time travel...boom. You lost me. The gag just got too much for me.. . The concept and idea was very interesting and unique. The whole plot would be better off without gag. Humor yes. But not gag.. . Overall somewhat enjoyable. If you don't mind gag then ...
The Boy and the Heron was SO weird. It’s sort of this travel to the underworld but also filled with characters that have counterparts in the real world of the film. It shifts between metaphors about death and reflections on life. Very surreal and disjointed. Miyazaki reiterates on a lot of the subjects ands themes of previous films that were far more cohesive. I had a difficult time engaging with it emotionally because it often felt like things just happening instead of logical outcomes of character choices. It’s sort of like the Hayao Miyazaki version of Angel’s Egg but less successful in it’s execution because ...
Makai Ouji is like chewing a particularly stale piece of Dubble Bubble: the more you chew, the more dissatisfied you get.. . Hard-headed William spends the majority of the series denying his heritage, and therefore his affiliation with the supernatural, even when blatant evidence contrary to known science is presented to him. He's...cringy, in a way, because despite being so "smart" he never seems to learn from his mistakes, often leading the side characters to clean up his sorry mess. Generally, the theme is repetitive, the plot episodic, its only values stemming from new appearances that may or may not be lovable with backstories that may ...
Well, this anime isn't amazing, isn't horrible, isn't fancy, isn't completely useless... It's something, yet probably you have to discover what it is, I guess.. . Review can't really sum it all without spoilers. From my POV it was interesting anime but just near the end. Can't really say that first episodes would get me hooked.. . Anime is checking the ground around identical twins and some schemes to work with this opportunity but a lot of those ideas are not even finished in anime. There is always some good idea presented, *flop* and it's gone for the rest of the anime, which is a pitty.. . Last 3-4 episodes I ...
Generic Harem where the straightforwardness of the Childhood friend is wasted on another dense MC who taking into account everything in the series and the first couple of episodes is a moron, especially when it comes to his abilities.. . It has episodes that act serious & lack the perverted scenes & jokes that make the show tolerable and in doing so make you feel like you've wasted 20 mins on a boring slog. While this sort of show should be experienced by turning off your brain the blatant lack of following its own rules is frustrating and the LP system lacks consistency and follow through.. . Overall a ...
In short: A terrible adaptation, but not altogether unenjoyable film.. . My opinion might be different if I hadn't put down the manga, wiped the tears from my face, and picked up the remote to watch this movie. If I hadn't read the manga, I probably would have a more lukewarm opinion about this film and not bothered to write a review at all. That being said, part of what makes an anime film good is how successfully it adapts the source material, which it did not. Characters were cut, entire plot points left out, and Touno's mommy issues were never even mentioned! ...
Ghost in the Shell is visually and aurally stunning. Its animation is smooth, its music is gorgeous, its art holds up to the test of time, and its futuristic setting is captivating. However, watching it for the first time in 2024 clearly left me with different thoughts than someone who might've seen it for the first time at its release nearly thirty years ago.. . That is to say, this movie failed to have any actual substance in its characters or plot. It is purely a vehicle for existential philosophy. Which is painfully ironic considering it's literally a movie called "ghost in the shell".. . Of course ...
I'll just get this out of the way: this Vinland Saga season is either so intellectually crafted that my pea brain could not understand its perfection, or it is really just overrated by the community.. . I get the point that Thorfinn develops in a fascinating way, reaching a conclusion that most people are afraid of facing, but I felt like it was a bit forced. Yes, the events of the first season (especially the ending) are impactful in many ways, both to Thorfinn and to the reader, and the fact that Thorfinn's father was how he was has influenced his mentality. But it just feels ...
In an age when nature and magic rule the world, there is an extraordinary legend: the story of a warrior who communicates with animals, who fights sorcery and the unnatural.. His name is Dar- i mean Rein Shroud, last of his tribe. He is also called Beast Master- i mean Beast Tamer.. . Its nothing special. The anime starts off with Rein getting scolded and fired by his squad. They label him as weak and useless because all he can do is talk to animals, or so they think.. . Rein doesnt really "tame beasts" though. A catgirl is about to get mauled by some kind of sabertoothed tiger. ...
Vinland Saga Season 2: A Hilariously Tragic Tale of Viking Farm Life (and Not Much Else). . Remember those epic battles, the blood-soaked revenge quests, and the brooding introspection from season 1? Yeah, toss those out the window, because Vinland Saga season 2 is here to replace them with...well, let's just say it's about as exciting as watching paint dry on a fjord.. . Brace yourselves for:. . The story meanders slower than a sloth on Ambien. One minute you're watching Thorfinn contemplate the meaning of life while staring at a potato, the next you're treated to a thrilling political debate about...land taxes? Don't worry, the excitement doesn't stop there. We ...
NOTE: My verdict is to watch Railgun first (stick with it, it gets really good by the time it gets to Railgun S and T) and then come back and watch this as supplemental bonus material, as Railgun is simply the superior series by far, and by then you'll be invested enough that you can put up with this show's flaws. Either that, or watch Railgun up until the end of S, and then go back, before finishing with Railgun T so that you have full context.. . I watched all of "A Certain Scientific Railgun" up to T, before going back and starting this, and I ...
Extremely conflicted on its approach to meta commentary. It felt very confused and heavy-handed with the kind of message it wanted to tell with the concept of Gridman. Its message about the beauty of fiction allowing itself to spread and inspire others to make their own creations is something I really admire on paper, but it feels very at odds with the idea it presents earlier of so many ideas collapsing in on itself to the point where it's super overcrowded feels at odds with that, and it doesn't really do enough to make a clear distinction of the difference between the two. It doesn't ...
Well i had high expectations for this show. I thought it was a comedy type but it started so serious.. But the serious aspect was starting pretty good. Until they made the zombie girl fart. I personally don't mind that sort of jokes.. . Basically their trying to make it like Gintama a fun but good story show. But the problem is there's no story to begin with. The only moment the story was good was at first episode.. Points I don't like:. Comedy: Not that funny.. Slice of Life: Started good but got too unrealistic.. Animation: Is colourful. Would be good if the comedy was.. Story: Only the first few episode had ...
"My Youth Romantic Comedy is a Lie, as I Expected" is very subtly an anime that lives up to its name. Its true nature is one of a critique; a show aimed at deconstructing a genre and its common tropes. Nonetheless, the author sacrifices anything, and everything, to showcase his views and ideas, as thought-provoking and creative they might be.. . In the past seasons, the main character was known for unveiling the lies people told others and themselves. He hated kindness, for someone who is nice to one out of this is not so because they actually care. It is told to us he longs ...
I think the problem for me about all 3 seasons of classroom of the elite is that it constantly feels like its hit its ceiling. The mystery and competition of each class is a great premise, but each situation ends the same with ayanokoji being the ring leader making invisible decisions and showing how its done, I think the main problem is it never goes anywhere, you dont see it improve who he is as a person or change his perspective. We know as much about him now as we did in season one, and although yes, there is other interesting characters, they all feel ...
bucchigiri is a gag humor slash sports anime. it's colorful with well done animation, nice looking characters and soundtrack but unhappily there's not much to look at other than that since almost all of them have very bland personalities, the episodes are also similar with each adding little to the storie, were already half way through the anime and they keep pushing the same random skits, but honestly nothing compares to how unlikeable, boring and just generally poorly written the mc is, it keeps feeling more like a drag to watch with every passing episode.. theres still 6 eps to go and ill see how ...
Season 3 definitely felt even more of a downgrade than the previous season of demon slayers. In terms of writing, story telling, world building this is a very basic shounen and plays it very safe. There is no tension & never did it feel like the villains were a serious threat to our heroes. Dialogue was very weak if you have seen other shounens before & the comedy felt forced in many scenes.. . The characters are basic cookie cutter & tanjirou now feels even more like deku with being a good boy all the time. Hashiras weren't that interesting either this time. In fact I found ...
I want to make a disclaimer first. I don't think Shangari-la is a bad anime because the author need these unrealistic setting to bring audience enough shock factors to keep on watching the show, but I do have to say Shangari-la is a very shitty MMO that has very ancient design and unrealistic premises .. . For someone that played MMO for more than 25 years since the early 2000s up until now (with more than 50000+ hrs play time), I can confidently tell you that a MMO like Shangari-la cannot work / exist in real life.. . I want to ask you guys a question first. What do ...
When watching any show - or interacting with any piece of media for that matter - there are two main ways to view it, from a critical standpoint: as a solitary work that stands on its own, or as a single piece within the larger context of its genre and the era when it was made. Often a review will only look at a given work from the former perspective, and there's nothing wrong with that. However, a reviewer can sometimes omit something crucial by ignoring the latter.. . Make no mistake - as an anime series, standing on its own merits, "Sokushi Cheat ga Saikyou sugite, ...
Domestic na Kanojo offers a unique and somewhat unconventional take on romance that manages to captivate viewers with its compelling storyline and fantastic music. As a fan of romance anime, I found myself drawn into the tangled web of relationships and emotions depicted in this series.. . At its core, the anime explores the complexities of love, desire, and personal growth in a refreshingly honest manner. The characters grapple with their feelings and navigate the challenges of romance and family dynamics, creating a narrative that is both engaging and thought-provoking.. . One of the standout aspects of the show is its exceptional music. The soundtrack sets the mood for ...
Not very good at all, but at the very least gets better over time.. . Positives: +robot animation +OP/ED +Basically pornography. . Negatives: -Boring plot, -Boring characters, -Basically pornography, -Cookie cutter mecha scenarios. . It's very hard to focus or care about anything in the show early on, besides when they get to clobbering time in the Goddannar robo.. . However, around episode 9 things start to get a little more interesting. In fact interesting enough that you might feel compelled to see what happens in season 2.. . I myself haven't decided whether to or not, but I think if you are a big mecha fan and a big fan of water balloons ...
"Kiddy Girl-AND" unfolds its narrative half a century after the original events. While it can be enjoyed independently, it heavily draws upon characters from its predecessor, albeit omitting crucial concepts like characters' agelessness. Instead, it introduces fresh ideas such as power resonance between partners and alterations in character abilities.. . Navigating the ties to "Kiddy Grade" proves challenging, requiring viewers to keenly observe visual cues to grasp the storyline spanning recent decades, with pivotal details gradually unveiled. Unlike its precursor, this sequel offers less narrative payoff despite exploring themes of loyalty and societal exploitation, lacking the same depth and impact.. . The central duo, Ascoeur and Q-feuille, pale in ...
A3! as a whole is very nice, compelling, and has some fleshed out moments within the anime. It is not without fault, as goes into the supernatural into the Winter Troupe portion and it adds things that do not need to be there to help get the plot across in an anime having to do with acting/theater overall. A majority of the characters either are new to acting, have a bit of acting experience, or just asked to join the specific season troupe without anything else. Personally, in this viewers opinion I think A3 could have been a bit more serviceable with a few changes. ...
//No Spoiler Review//. . Watching Goblin Slayer is a chore. A chore that you should only do to clean up your watch list or if your in the mood for mindless action.. . After watching Goblin Slayer for a second time in preparation for the release of S2 I can confidently say that the anime is Just Okay. The first episode had convinced me it was going to be a dark fantasy anime where you could expect anything to happen at a moments notice. However it was quickly watered down into a generic Fantasy with only a few dark moments sprinkled in showing you what could have been.. . . Pros:. ...
Kogal the anime.. . Junichi is supposed to be this "loser" virgin. But right off the bat he's surrounded by two childhood female friends (Yui and Nene) that are clearly into him.. . The reality is that his 3 friends are the ones bringing him down. But to their credit if these pervs didnt push Junichi he never would have gotten the most popular girl Yukana to go out with him.. . The word virgin is constantly used throughout the show. And one of Junichi's friends is constantly talking about how he wants to molest little girls.... . Anyway there is also alot of fanservice. And panty shots up the wazoo 🔥. . To Yukana's ...
Voice acting on main characters is good, but the side characters are lacking. Soundtrack is pretty good, but a little much from time to time, scoring could use some work. Pacing is fairly decent. Story is kind of meh, but alright. Character depth is alright, but somewhat lacking, I mean there's a facade of depth, but the anime doesn't really focus on the characters enough to develope it. There are some alright action scenes, not terribly impressive, but adequate. Backgrounds are kind of meh, and there is some ugly cg used, but I like the general art style, overall it was fine. I liked the ...
My sentiments for part two are mostly the same as those for season 1. While I like the romance aspect of this show, I just don't think it has a lot to offer outside of that. The whole sugar confection artist thing is tedious and not particularly interesting. Everything revolves around it. Friendship and/or sugar confections are the solution to nearly every problem anyone has ever had. I felt this in the first part, but it just gets a little more annoying in the second part. On the bright side all the good remains. I like the art style, and most of the time the ...
English. Aku no Hana made me feel a disgust that only increased as the episodes went by, eliciting intense feelings of hatred and discomfort. Its protagonist is the perfect portrayal of a terrible person and, with a unique visual approach, heightened that feeling even more. The use of rotoscoping for the expressions made everything more eerie and repulsive. The dark and realistic atmosphere can be welcoming at times, such as in the scenes where Katao slowly walks through the city.. . The story, revolving around extremely sensitive themes like sexual relationships and psychological/sexual harassment, is treated in a raw and distorted manner from reality, yet it further intensifies ...
I wish I could go back in time and not have read the manwha first. I ended up having too much hype because the art in the manwha is awesome, while in the anime, the animation is alright, slightly above average, and elevated by the source material.. . If you like power fantasies it's very likely you'll enjoy this, just don't go in expecting a good story. There is a lack of good quality shading, so don't expect insane animation style, it has that rather generic anime look to it. Overall it is a good, somewhat decent amusement to pass the time, just not great.
An old-man who play VRMMO game. He use an uncommon role, but can adapted with it an become recognized by other players.. . Story 7/10. Actually the idea is interesting, but lack of conflict and a bit boring. . Animation 6/10. Art style good enough.. . Sound 5/10. Since this is an isekai genre that has battle scene, so it expected to has background sound that adding value to this anime. But, this not happen.. ...
Our protagonist, Erika Shinohara, lies about having a boyfriend in order to posture in front of her new high school friends. When confronted about the identity of her mystery beau, she shows them a picture of a random guy she photographed on the street. As it turns out, his name is Kyouya Sata and not only does he go to their school, but is even in the same year as them. To make matters even worse, this dude is something of a local idol. Desperate, Erika comes clean to Kyouya and pleads with him to play along. What happens next? Watch to find out.. . It's a ...
As a newbie to anime, I'd probably be hyped for this kind of harem show. But now, as a veteran, it's just meh. The plot sounded promising on paper, but it's pretty run-of-the-mill in execution. The main character is your typical bland guy who blushes at the drop of a hat and avoids anything remotely intimate, aside from kissing. There's always an excuse, always a weak ass excuse to wimp out and not to cross that threshold. And what worsens the case is how much they push the whole notion of marriage and strengthening marital bonds, but still do nothing I hadn't done by the ...
Just back from the cinema, I feel a bit disoriented. As a fan of Studio Ghibli, on one hand I perceived all the great experience of Hayao Miyazaki, with some truly emotional and artistically memorable scenes for which it was already worth the ticket price (such as the very first scenes, truly impressive). On the other hand, as the minutes passed, it appeared to me the plot momentum attempted to escalate more and more, but without never really let me as watcher truly understanding what was really going on. The general feeling for most of the time has been like I lost some previous scenes ...
They Are My Noble Masters distinguishes itself within the ecchi anime realm. Unlike many others in the genre, it doesn't solely rely on tired tropes like the "accidental boob grab" for its humor. Instead, it cleverly integrates parody and breaks the fourth wall, delivering comedy in a more authentic manner. The characters are richly developed, each with their own quirks and backstories, evolving naturally throughout the show. Their dynamic feels akin to a tight-knit family, adding a heartwarming dimension to the show.. . Although there's a touch of melodrama, it's kept in check and doesn't overshadow the narrative. While the animation and sound are decent, the standout ...
This show sounded in theory like something I'd love; walking dead, discussion of depression, loss of self, coming back to life -metaphorically/ mentally- cinematic visuals and interesting colors. The idea was appealing to me.. . While we did get that, I didn't get it to the extent I liked. The show tried to take a motivational -happy-esq way to the story so the sad (important) parts were brushed up on more than delved into.. . It felt like I am watching MHA in a different universe, it was bizzare. The voice actor for Tensho is the same as Midoriya's probably because they sound the same. Even a ...
Akebi's Sailor Uniform is a decent CGDCT flick but there's not much to grab the viewer's attention. The animation is pretty great and there's a assortment of characters, but said characters are generally bland and there's absolutely no prodding, poking or otherwise confrontational attitude between the characters that would result in lighthearted banter and interactions. Instead, all the characters in scenes generally just wait in place to say their line to progress the episode's immensely thin plot.. . The original idea is cute, a girl who idolizes sailor uniforms and who can't wait to wear her own but finds out they aren't in style by the ...
i wont go into too much detail because i dont like that so in summanry, i personally loved it, but i know its too slow for some people, for some not enough drama or action oe just not too fast paced enough, so if you want something fast paced full of action or drama every second well, its not for you sadly. now i dont care too much of the level of animation and such and by design you know its age, i dont know about music so i dont care, but about story and charachters, thats what i focus at so as i said for ...
1. “This anime has an amazing story and complex characters that make you live with every moment.. ” 2. “The graphics of this anime take you to another world with their beauty and wonderful details.. ” 3. “I can only praise the diversity of the characters and their development throughout the journey of the series, which makes you feel connected to each one of them.. ” 4. “The music in this anime amazingly enhances the emotions and scenes, making every moment an unforgettable experience.. ” 5. “The innovation and deep thought behind the story of this anime makes it inspiring and interesting.. ” 6. “This anime brilliantly blends action and ...
It's a Netflix anime, what more can I say about it? I love historical animes, don't get me wrong, but this one did not have what it took to grab my attention and keep me invested. I watched it dubbed so that I could do other things like clean or do homework while watching it. It did not need my full attention, which I consider important when reviewing an anime. Personally, I like the shows where I am 200% invested and cannot do anything except watch it when it is on.. Onmyouji is not bad by any means, I did like the show, and I ...
This was damn weird, but also hilarious at the same time. Never thought my first review ever would be such an anime, but here we are.. . Originally, I only do this review as many people didn't and the ones who did are rather nevative. I don't want to say the anime is the best you can watch, but also not the worst. I already saw worse and as already mentioned above it gave me some laughters here and there. And I laughed more at this than at any actual comedy-made anime. That was so hilarious even though at the last few seconds of the 5 minute ...
This review assumes the reader has already watched either the original two seasons of Code Geass, or the recap movie trilogy, as this particular movie, Lelouch of the Resurrection, follows on from the trilogy (which created its own timeline).. . Something just felt so off with this movie to me, that it did not feel sincere at all. Like, literally every single character from the previous two seasons of the original show / movie trilogy are all somehow ok with Lelouch now, a guy who had angered both sides of the conflict between Japan and Britannia, a guy who had ordered the deaths of thousands of people, ...
"Made in Abyss" follows Riko, a young girl aspiring to be a cave raider like her missing mother, as she teams up with Reg, a humanoid robot, to explore the enigmatic depths of the Abyss in search of answers. Their journey is fraught with peril, revealing the mysteries and dangers lurking within the Abyss as they strive to uncover its secrets.. . Before starting to debunk this series into more detailed sanctions – for me personally this was a traumatic anime and not because of the gore and the violence but rather because this violence was depicted on a too small of a children, being drawn even ...
If you're a resident of Chiba Prefecture, you can get some ideas for day-trips from this. Apart from that, this short-series has near-zero plot or substance. It is a tourism promotion anime made on the occasion of Chiba Prefecture's 150 year anniversary, but not really relevant to any foreign visitors - since you can see the types of places featured in this basically anywhere in Japan, and I don't think they're going to mention Tokyo Disneyland (which is technically in Chiba). Chiba is a nice place, but probably not worth specifically coming to Japan for, maybe on a detour from Tokyo. If you do plan ...
Seeing as Reincarnated as a Sword is effectively a shitty rip-off of the Reincarnated as a Slime concept, it makes for a surprisingly easy recommendation. Just answer the following prompts:. 1.) Have you seen Slime? -> Yes. -> Did you enjoy Slime? -> Yes. -> Then you will probably enjoy Sword.. 2.) Have you seen Slime? -> Yes. -> Did you enjoy Slime? -> No. -> Then you will probably not enjoy Sword.. 3.) Have you seen Slime? -> No. -> In that case, just watch Slime first, then refer back to prompts 1 and 2.. . It’s really not any more complicated than that.. . The isekai genre has become oversaturated ...
I do not want to write a review on this as i have basically no opinion about this. This show was good at the start and once the twists happened i just got taken out of it. Too much happened than it all just fell flat at one time. The characters arent enjoyable enough to keep me entertained and the CGI creepy fuck looks genuinely terrible. i should probably rate this lower but the first 6 or so episodes were pretty solid and held up the show.. . 4.5/10 wouldn't really recommend this but if you want to watch it, watch it but dont expect too much.
I Don't know how this anime got rating so high almost 9/10, but for me it is too overated and kinda mid instead, the music and the graphic was ok not so great and bad either ive seen worse but other than that is straight to mid 5/10.. . Im sure so many weeb feel kinda relate to bocchi about how lonely and need attention they are but cant afford to talk with other people, but that was your problem not a part of the show.. . But after considering there is not much anime that involve around music i could missing a single or two things great about ...
The Most Heretical Last Boss Queen,. is another Otome game/novel anime that female FMC reincarnated in a fantasy world. Not as the main Heroine, but she is an evil last-boss Villainess (very strong). Which... is not new, this genre has become very popular recently in various settings and storytelling, after HameFura's success (I think). Even though I am a man, I enjoy this category quite a bit as well.. . The story,. is interesting and fun in the first few episodes. Since FMC is a vivid fan of the "Our Ray of Light" game series, she knows everything and knows the future. She tries to fix her doomed future ...
Toaru Ossan no VRMMO Katsudouki is an isekai anime about a middle-aged dude named Suzuki Ichirou who dives into a VRMMO game called "New World Online." Unlike other isekai protagonists forced into another world, Ichirou chooses to chill and enjoy the game on his own terms, opting for the "useless" archer job.. . What's good:. . - Relatable character: Ichirou's laid-back and caring personality resonates with many, especially those familiar with family life.. - Intriguing crafting system: The anime introduces a unique crafting system within the game, offering potential for further exploration.. - Engaging fight scenes: The strategic and well-choreographed fight scenes are a strong point of the anime.. - Character development: ...
Watching Solo Leveling is like watching your brother play video games when he’s hoarding the gaming controller in the pre-smartphone era. Is it enjoyable? Nope. Is it a decent way to kill time? Sure. The anime had a good start - the creepy grin from the stone statue had Attack on Titan vibes (could probably pass for Dina’s twin), but the show went downhill after that and eventually flatlined.. . And then the unprecedented event happened: Jinwoo hit second puberty and deepened his voice.. . Now usually I find the debate between anime vs manhwa/manga to be counterproductive because if the story is shit the format doesn’t matter, unless ...
This anime was mid. I don't like all the parts in the anime.. The mysteries in this anime was really good, one of them was the Hyouka mystery. It's really refreshing and fun but the small mysteries wasn't that good.. The romance part was really boring. No major developments until the story ends. No season 2 announcement was given by the too.. The ending was also not good. It kind of felt like there need to more in this anime. There hasn't been any major character developments and many emotional scenes which we will cherish it for our lifetime. There are some emotional movements but ...
- The art in this hentai series is top-notch, easily earning a 9 out of 10 for its captivating visuals.. - Characters are portrayed with undeniable sex appeal, scoring a perfect 10 out of 10 in that regard.. - The ending delivers a satisfying conclusion, deserving of a commendable 9 out of 10 rating.. - The intensity of the orgasms induced by this series may necessitate multiple cum likely 2 or 3 shots to fully appreciate.. - Episodes 2 or 3 might feel slightly slow and repetitive, prompting the suggestion to space out your viewing experience.. - To maintain freshness and anticipation, it's advisable to watch other shows in between ...
I watched this when i was high school, thinking that this anime is just one sarcastic expression of the author that hate how goverment being run. I, myself still believe that goverment is somehow run by competent peoples.. . HOW WRONG I WAS.. . 2024, as an goverment employee myself, witnessed that this anime is 100% realistic.. Higher ups that is just brainless doll, peoples come everyday to rant non related topics, romantic scene inside archive room, geniuses pretended as fools, THERE IS SOME PUBLIC SERVANT THAT DO COSPLAY.. . Also, hilarious names beiing approved / registered is a real thing.. . Damn it, how could my life become a live action comedy.. ...
I have a really REALLY hard time rating this one.. . In terms of plot, the games themselves are actually super fun, intelligent, and interesting. It showcases the characters' personalities and how the game changes them. Dare I say it reminds me of the mind games in Death Note, which is a huge compliment. I almost wanted to give the plot a 7 for 'good', but.............. the setting in this anime is AWFUL. It makes no sense. Is the private academy enabling all these? The student council for gambling? The hierarchy thing? The rule of being awful to the slave? How did they even reach this kind ...
this is your run of the mill power fantasy set in the world of wuxia cultivations. the story is very simple and if you are familiar with the world of wuxia cultivation you can understand most of the world building. if you never heard of wuxia cultivations then you might get confused with the way the world works.. . the best thing about this anime/donghua is the fluid animation and very stylistic fight scenes, i can always believe in donghua to produce great action choreography they are sometimes better than anime fight scene. martial art although kinda ridiculous in real world makes for a fantastic piece ...
Japan Anime Does Zombie Apocalypse Right. . The manga has been well received and its time for the anime version. This is Japan anime does zombie apocalypse right. Great to see the studio adheres to the manga and the artwork looks well made. Still the use of the color blotches to replace blood or the color red may not sit well with some fans.. . The pace of the anime is pretty good. The music is on par with such theme. The OP and ED well suited though a bit overboard with the dead in the title. The list will be interesting to see as Akira fills it out. ...
When "I am Batman" becomes "I am super rich", you've made a mistake and are watching the anime "The Millionaire Detective: Balance Unlimited"!. . The policeman by passion Katou was demoted due to an incident, but he catches the eye of a super-rich man who just spontaneously felt like fighting crime! So while Kato tries to knock some common sense into him, his new partner Kambe investigates as he pleases and perhaps blows up a bridge or two, because after all he has an infinite amount of money in his account.... . I think you can tell from this brief description that the anime has its own charm, which ...
Pretentious. This anime is the very definition of that word. Its attempts at presenting something deep and meaningful unfortunately falls flat due to how poorly the author handled the premise, which is a pity considering how this series could’ve actually been something that’s really impactful.. . In this anime, an immortal being known as It is casted down to Earth, and as an immortal being, it has the ability to take on and change forms of various living creatures. Later on, it takes on a form of an injured wolf who is eventually helped by a young, nameless boy. After spending some time with the nameless boy, ...
The best way Shinkon Gattai Godannar could be described is painfully average.. The best thing going on with the show is fanservice which is also what kept me going through the series with its comedic absurdity,the fights are ok but nothing noteworthy for its time,the worst thing in the anime is the story because it seems as average as it can get with main character not really standing out with him being the average Joe of the anime which isn't as interesting.. The show is predictable and by watching first three episodes will show how the rest of the show is gonna go except with ...
The anime itself its pretty decent. I didn’t expect that much when i read the title. The show truly delivers what it is supposed to be delivered which are harem and isekai. The conflicts / problems didn't feel quite impactful but it’s decent. Here are the score for each aspects :. Story 6/10 : the story feels a little stale and seems the storyline keeps repeating in a loop. The best plot is just in the middle of the entire series. The ending didn’t feel quite impactful too. Art 7/10 : Beautiful scenery displayed in this anime. The animation is almost the same like any other isekai ...
While the animation is super duper pretty and make for a really lovely visual experience, the plot left much to be desired. The initial premise, the location, the minor past we're shown are rather unique and my expectations were a lot higher than the movie I ended up watching. There was a lot of lost potential in my opinion and there certainly is better alternative movies that I would recommend instead of this one. The characters felt mostly generic or boring, I didn't connect with any of them. The music was another decent aspect though, I did enjoy the accompanying audio, it felt fitting and ...
If you are not a stable person, you shouldn't watch this Anime, cause there are a lot of scenes that are not safe to watch if you are.. . Let me take you into a world where the suicide law is discussed, you are allowed to kill yourself if you really don't want to live anymore. But what if the government doesn't know if it would be right to set this law in the world.. . Meet Zen and his coworkers that are entrusted with this law and to find out what is good and what is evil in this world.. . There are many brutally shots and brutal deaths ...
I went into watching this movie with as little information as possible. I regret that now because had I known this was a recap movie, I would have skipped watching it. This isn't to say that I thought the movie was bad by any means but if you're someone who's already watched the original series and was expecting this movie to be a new experience, I think you'll find yourself disappointed.. . Now is the movie bad? No. It's the Madoka Magica story. Of course it was great. The art and animation were stunning as well.. . I will say that I did miss the pacing of the original ...
I don't like how theirs friends try to force them into relationships just because they have similar interests, it really scummy to be forced to date someone your not even attracted to . Why not be only platonic friends they don't have to be couple . They where better like that. Just because she girl/similar interests they have to date , thats bull. Those were some shitty friends .. . Guys and gals can be friends have similar interests without dating. The story is hard to watch, this hit people who actually get rejected because of their height. It more likey for girl to have girlfriend even ...
In this review I won't focus on the story too much because I've read the manga and I think the manga is a 10/10, the story is super fun to read, the romance is cute and develops at a good pace, the characters are compelling and relatable; it's just a good story all and all and my only hang up is the art style which can look wonky from time to time (specially Kurosawa's face proportions). This last thing was what got me extra excited for the anime because it was going to follow the story I already love so much but with a probably ...
I can tell you right now that this thing is in the critical gutter (by MAL standards) for two big reasons: no Chirico and no scopedogs. Is it fair? Maybe not, but it's understandable. What's here is adequate, serviceable, and watchable. It's a very modest standalone OVA with almost no ties to the series it's named after. The plot concerns scavengers and greedy politicians, elements that aren't out of place from the show, but the whole affair isn't suspenseful or thrilling either. The hero Aki Tesuno is the brash, starry-eyed youth one can expect from shōnen anime, and most of the characters follow archetypes that ...
Rosario + Vampire presents a fresh perspective on the familiar ecchi and harem genre, centering around Tsukune Aono, an ordinary boy who mistakenly enrolls in Youkai Academy, a school for monsters. Despite his average nature, Tsukune finds himself in extraordinary circumstances upon meeting Moka, a pink-haired girl harboring a secret vampire identity. Alongside Moka, Tsukune forms friendships with Kurumu, a succubus, Mizore, an ice woman, and Yukari, a young witch.. . While the primary storyline revolves around Tsukune navigating his human identity in a world of monsters, individual episodes delve into his daily life and interactions with his newfound companions. Frequently, Tsukune finds himself in precarious situations, ...
Although Yamada-kun to Lv999 no Koi wo Suru had some varying strengths such as their uniquely lovable support characters, it fell short in the main plot itself and went down a predictably formulaic romantic anime. The MC, Akane, felt more like a side character at times but it didn't hold back the anime too badly but was still a flaw. I enjoyed the anime concept of the combination of gaming and rom com like Gamers and this anime used it pretty well in my opinion. The main flaw though is the romance itself. At times the anime felt way too predictable and bland. Overall ...
What if you took Chainsaw Man, and decided to take some of the Manga's influences, *particularly Reservoir Dogs* and just make that.. . I'm not sure why I'm supposed to be impressed by an anime that's just stylistically copying an independent American movie from the 90's.. . Just like Tarantino's first film it has a cheap & amateurish feel to its shot composition and lighting. The framing is basic and scenes and shots tend to linger long after their point has landed.. . If it had been a live action student film, it would've been a little impressive, but in animation it comes across as very limiting, ignoring the freedom ...
This one was a bit weird, the music and story were fine, but the animation sometimes was a bit cluncky, and definatly would need text what's going on. Now like I said for couple, I dunno if some get lost during the restervation of the film, or was like that originally, also again one of the shortest so I know they wanted to crame quit a lot in it. But I was quit interested to see this anime. And don't get me wrong, I'm not saying that the animation would be+ad or ugly, just weird. So you can check it out, but definatly not one ...
「Venus Senki」 proudly describes itself as a war movie with a strongly pronounced anti-war sentiment.. Unfortunately, it doesn't quite understand what that phrase means.. . The story is set in the near future on a partially terraformed Venus, a fact that matters for the opening text blurb and never again: the planetary environment, which might as well be vaguely post-apocalyptic Tokyo metropolitan ruins for all the difference it makes, never plays into the story in any meaningful way, and looks just like every other drab exoplanetary landscape of its contemporary sci-fi anime.. . The sci-fi elements of this movie are of the hard and grounded variety, to the point ...
An interesting but ultimately frustrating movie experience as despite a strong start, and absolutely top-notch animation and imagery throughout along with Joe Hisaishi's score, the shift into the more fantastical second half of the movie coincided with a progressive emotional disengagement to a point where it seemed to drag on 20 minutes too long and the rather abrupt ending was actually a relief that it was finally over.. . Many themes were introduced, although while disjointed and somewhat ambiguous at points, the problem was the main character was fairly flat which worked a lot better with the tone and pacing of the first half of the movie ...
Without a doubt Pluto is a very beautifully produced anime with a moving storyline and wonderful character building... But is it the anime for you?. . Yes, it's based off of astro boy, yes, it's about humans, robots and what it means to be alive. But at the heart of it, it's a commentary on War (which makes sense considering it's roots).. . I really loved the beginning, the world building and characters things were really moving and shaking. But the pacing stalled, and the episodes were long. It became really hyperfixated on the themes it was trying to convey. If you like that sort of thing, moral ...
No. If you're wondering if Hellsing 2001 has an intriguing anime original villain and story, then the answer is a resounding no. You're better off only watching Hellsing Ultimate and forgetting that Hellsing 2001 exists. The latter lacks several characters that contribute to the greatness of Hellsing Ultimate and adopts a darker tone compared to Hellsing Ultimate's goofy and comedic tone.. . The 2001 original villain, Incognito, is very forgettable. I can't even remember anything he says or his motivations. Furthermore, 2001 doesn't explore the backstories of Seras or Alucard. Seras is followed more in this version, yet she still feels like a side character because ...
Watched this 10 years ago and still remember it very clearly, was one of the first few anime I watched and it was very enjoyable at the time, though I remember being a bit bothered by the fact that most male characters were either homosexual or looked so, was a minor problem to me back then. Well, as time went by and I got well informed on the new world order plot under the disguise of progressivism and the plan to destroy the nuclear family, every time I remembered about this anime I started realizing that there might be more to it than just entertainment... ...
This is my favorite route, well there aren't many. The loveless shonen route (Rin), the edgy route with the school days vibe (Sakura), the story of Wattpad (Saber).. . Leaving Fate Zero which is basically the best of the franchise. It's my favorite basically it focuses on my favorite characters (no, Shirou, it's not you). I leave objectivity aside because I really like Archer and Rin (the gilga here is not my king). There isn't much else either, I like the Lancer moments, the animation is high, the hero Shirou dilemma is also very good, but nothing outside of a generic shonen.. . Bad points, the villains don't mean ...
Midori no Hibi may initially appear unconventional, introducing a rather strange premise, but as the series unfolds, it adheres closely to the conventions of typical romance anime. While the show heavily relies on comedic moments, they grow increasingly repetitive and exhausting towards the series' conclusion. Character development follows a standard trajectory within the genre, offering little deviation, ultimately leading the characters back to where they began (which is not very satisfying) . Although there are occasional scenes featuring high-quality animation, the majority of the series remains rather average in terms of visual appeal. The biggest flaw of Midori no Hibi lies in its conventional nature, ...
Thoght I'd be watching some Attack on Neverland and ended up watching The Promised Naruto Academia.. This show went from almost masterpiece to average, and I'm being generous. . The story was predictable and sometimes nonsense. I do like it's soundtrack though. The characters are mostrly anoying.. If you shut down your brain, you may enjoy it, but knowing that almost everyone watching this has already watched the first season, it's obvious that you'll have high expectations.. . This plot is literally The Promised Nevermind. . ...
How You Might Find This Show: Akame ga Kill can be an enjoyable watch if over the top violence, cool weapons, no character plot-armor, dark themes and high stakes battles are to your taste. The story itself is pretty straightforward, but the way it’s told can really be hit or miss depending on the viewer. It can feel rushed or fast-paced for a war setting due to the show airing while the manga was still publishing, and wouldn’t finish until two years after the anime finished airing. Without spoiling who dies, you may or may not find it difficult, if not impossible to get attached ...
I did not read the plot summary and such. There is 40% I would not have watched if read it and only watched because looking at cover art, everyone looks high school age at minimum, except for Kaz who looks like a girl, so I would be wondering who the hell this "5th grader is". I gave a 7/10, with 4/5 and 5/5 on lots of episodes, being interfered by "cons" that felts 2/5 at best. Cons are enough reason to justify the 5.46 MAL grade by 41358 users.. . Cons:. -high schooler "in love" with primary/elementary schooler. -main character has her issues, can't explain. -extreme stalker perverts. -incestuous stalker perverts. -some ...
Out of all the anime that came out nearly the same time as Ojou to Banken-kun held the most high expectations and in the end, most of us fell hard.... . The overall topic of the anime was good, not as informative as in the manga, with cute scenes, and inner monologes.. However, I have one question about the graphics... Whyy???. There are older animes, animes from the 20th century with more expressions, emotions and movements.... We are in the 21st century with all the possibilities, and all the sources needed to deliver the full experience to the viewer and here we are... . Even if the plot, the idea, the ...
This is basically just Pokémon with cute cat girl bitches. “Uhm, ackshually, they’re not all cat girls, but rather various magical demihu-“ SHUT THE FUCK UP, EUGENE!. . A new budding subgenre of the parent fantasy category seems to be that in which a member of the hero’s party gets kicked out or banished for one reason or another, and then, on his own, grows to be greater and stronger than his old mates and becomes the de facto protagonist of the story. In a sense, you could call Shield Hero the prototype of this style of narrative development.. . Beast Tamer is not the first of its kind, ...
Shin no Nakama is ground zero for the new subgenre of isekai shows in which a member of the Hero™’s party gets kicked out for one reason or other and has to start a new life on their own. Shield Hero is arguably the principal precursor of the genre proper, but Shin no Nakama is the first official title on the list.. . Nowadays I am often left to wonder why I decided to watch any given show, because from the moment I write down a title on my to-watch list, until the moment I actually get around to watching it, years pass – routinely. As such, ...
Makoto Shinkai’s massive success for the past decade, which even he seems to be surprised by, has led to him being incessantly called “the new Miyazaki”. Why? Why would he be called that? The compliment is effectively a result of Western media being incapable of discriminating wildly distinct filmmaking styles and its tendency to just label any breakaway success in Japanese animation as a competition to find the next Miyazaki.. . This sort of cartoonishly oversimplified heuristic thinking reminds me of a particular gag from The Big Bang Theory. If you’re unfamiliar, TBBT features an Indian (dots, not feathers) character, Raj, who has a crippling fear of ...
To the degree that you have a logical mind and like things that make sense and are explicable in some sort of way, Le Portrait de Petit Cossette will exhaust you.. . It would not be in the realm of hyperbole to suggest that the entire story could have been told in 5 minutes. The basic premise is that a kid working in an antique store finds a Venetian glass among the shop’s newly delivered merchandise. Unbelievable as though it may sound, whenever he looks inside the glass, as if spying through a looking glass, he sees the daily life of a mysterious blonde girl living in ...
Even though I'm into female protagonists, The World Is Still Beautiful feels like a mixed bag in my opinion. It has its moments of giving me a good impression, but it also has parts that could've been better or things that could've been in it.. . The story is very interesting. It is centered on two countries in a fantasy world: The Sun Kingdom and the Rain Dukedom. Hey, admit it. You actually thought the latter nation was going to be called the Moon Kingdom the second you first read "Sun Kingdom." The Sun Kingdom is ruled by King Livius Orvinus Ifrikia and under his reign, he ...
ENG: I watched it in 2013 or so, I think it's really cool, the drawing and colors are beautiful. but I heard that the game has more details and is a thousand better than the anime, but the anime itself has always summed up everything and is much more different from the game. a little unfaithful to the story.. . PT/BR:. Assisti em 2013 mais ou menos, acho muito legal, o desenho e as cores são lindos. mas ouvi dizer que o jogo tem mais detalhes e é mil melhor que o anime, mas o anime em si sempre resumiu tudo e é muito mais diferente do jogo. ...
Kono Subarashii Sekai ni Bakuen wo! deviates from the traditional Konosuba formula by focusing exclusively on the backstory of Megumin and Yunyun. While initially engaging with entertaining interactions between the two characters, the series begins to lose momentum, recycling the same jokes without reaching the comedic heights of its predecessors. Although there are occasional highlights, particularly involving Megumin's sister, Komekko, the show struggles to sustain interest and content across its 12-episode run. Kono Subarashii Sekai ni Bakuen wo! presents itself as an okay addition to the series, offering some enjoyment for dedicated fans with its abundant Easter eggs, but ultimately falls short of broader appeal ...
Very strangely placed tv specials, as they are just 2 random episodes after the anime has already been finished. They are also in no way relevant to the story, which is probably why they weren't originally adapted. One episode is a beach episode and the other is a pool episode, which is hilarious because of course we needed these two obligatory episodes to finish off a romance harem anime. I think the second episode mainly serves to deepen Yotsuba, while the first episode is all about how Futarou feels about the quintuplets. If you are a fan of the series, you can watch it, but ...
This show had SO MUCH PROMISE in the beginning. I was looking forward to getting this anime off my "planned for later" list, but alas, it did not live up to the expectations that I had in mind. The first couple of episodes were honestly God Tier and made me want to binge, however, I believe this anime fell into the 12-episode curse, where so much started happening, that nothing felt important, and lost its way. By what I recall the 5th episode, this show started feeling like a chore to watch and stopped being entertaining. I couldn't tell you the premise after that episode. ...
On the one hand, it's nice to see the series lean into its SoL side a little bit more this episode. Taking a departure from karuta and seeing our characters function in school with the looming festival is a nice touch and I think it's beneficial for the series to do this every now and then. On the other hand, I don't think Sumire can command an episode yet. Her romantic drive towards Taichi is still underdeveloped, and given that it's an important part of the OVA, it just doesn't keep my interest. I like her tactics, though - seeing how she wins the others ...
I've been scratching my head over how to put this whole experience in a simple sentence even since I first watched this seemingly lovely adaptation. But I guess the head scratch tells you more than a sentence ever could.. . I feel bad because, on the one hand, you have this very charming, nostalgic (by the looks of it) mini-web series that tells you the makers poured a lot of love into shape and finalization, even when it is lacking any semblance of world-class production you see very often nowadays in mainstream shows, but then again, especially back in the day when this came out, the series ...
My personal opinion is simple: I really like it, but the pacing is a hurdle. What fueled me to start the series is that I didn't want to get spoiled.. . It has its moments, but you have to GRIND through HOURS of flashbacks. There aren't even that many filler episodes, so you just have to sit through and endure, picking pieces of information, plot and character development throughout the whole series until you arrive at the key moments of each arc, the payout after all the buildup.. . This series is only recommended for anyone who feels like enduring the challenge of sitting through it. If you're into ...
The show is still airing of course so take my review with a grain of salt. (Spoilers marked below). . What I do wholly recommend and loved were the first 13 episodes, of which are worth a watch, however past that is a bit iffy in my opinion. What hooked me from the beginning was the show's setting, story and context. It managed to weave its fairly unique situation into the tropes of the mystery genre. From concubines, mid-wives interactions, to rear palace hiearchies, Apothecary diaries had a real thing going on as learning and exploring this world was a joy to watch, all the while having ...
Watching this movie made me realize the importance of each other in a family. The main characters showed their efforts in maintaining the family and also care for each other. I can see how Loyd is really comfortable and truly love his "fake" family when he received the order to stop Operation Strix. The efforts Yor made to be a good mom and wife. Also Anya's love for her parents. I believe they should be able to give us a better animation for a movie like this. Overall this is a very lovable movie and I believe everyone should be able to understand and enjoy ...
Hot damn, it's been a minute since I wrote a Detective Conan movie review! Wasn't that long ago that I- ...the hell you mean it's been nearly 8 years.. . Uh...anyways.... . Crimson Love Letter is another unique entry into the movie series, taking place well away from the usual stomping grounds of the Conan cast and into the jurisdiction of our good buddy Heiji and his gang! And it revolves around...karuta?. . Story (7/10): Conan, Heiji, and their friends are called to Kyoto for a consultation meeting, but quickly get involved in a karuta mystery, with serial bombings, murder, and possible wedding(?!) proposals at the forefront. Things aren't what ...
Isekai starring walking encyclopedia girl, who took the role of Savior to deliver us all, with potions to do some magics. If only she was not so insufferable, then it would be something better than just another mediocre isekai.. . All conflicts look too artificial and constructed to obvious end-goal. Which is to push protagonist out of comfort zone, show how good she is and how effortlessly she can solve any problem, and then to force her to continue search for easy life. Absence of concrete targets or goals beside basic survival/money, no visible desire to make lasting human connections or find love - make skin-deep story ...
This review will only include my pov about the core of the story.. I don't think I'm an Otaku but I'm a fan of anime I did watch over 200 anime and a lot of movies I used to be a shut in but not completely as I remember,so if you're feeling down or something like that this might help you.. The review:. Most anime nowadays are kinda vague for an example 0 to hero kind of anime,yes it enjoyable to watch other succeeding in there life rather from a fantasy character or irl,but it's just an illusion an escape from the harsh reality we live in,so this ...
Note: All my reviews are written after I've completed watching the entire season, never before.. . "Fruits Basket" Season 1 rejuvenates the beloved story with modern animation and deeper character exploration, yet leaves something to be desired in pacing and romantic development. The season excels in showcasing the emotional depth of the Soma family and Tohru Honda, weaving intricate backstories that highlight themes of acceptance and resilience. Each episode adds layers to the complex tapestry of relationships and personal growth, making it a compelling watch.. . However, the series' focus on side characters, while enriching the narrative fabric, often sidelines the development of Tohru and her future relationship. Fans ...
I don't think I've ever been more conflicted on anything like I have with Alice. There is genuinely a lot to enjoy here, especially for fans of Monkey Punch. And to be perfectly honest, unless you are a fan of Monkey Punch's work, I don't see much value in watching it. Even if you're coming in from the Lupin anime and want to see more, I still wouldn't recommend it unless you've read the Lupin manga. The manga is way more explicit than the anime ever got, and Alice is very much like the manga; it does not hold back. In general, I get uncomfortable ...
While there is definitely some pretty funny moments, this story seems to be stuck when trying to decide if it wants to be a semi-serious action series or just straight up gag anime. The concept of essentially a Harry Potter parody is interesting, but the actual stories in this series are basically all condensed down to single episodes and nothing is ever really fleshed out. There's definitely way too many characters in the main group, as basically only two characters actually get major screentime and the MC's story is just a One Punch Man copy where nothing the MC does is serious. The rest ...
I think this season was honestly a bit of a let down after the first. It's not even so much that much has changed, but that there's a distinct lack of change on an interpersonal level. Personally, I think a lot of them have shown individual and distinct changes. Arata's really come into his own, gaining back all of his confidence and actually facing Chi and co. for the first time. Sumire and Tsukuba have certainly shown some development, though they are also new to this season. Nishida and Kana have had their moments, and Chi herself has developed mainly as a player, though I'd ...
Una pena lo de este anime, tuvo un trato muy injusto y podría haber salido mucho mejor y ser uno de los grandes animes de 2023.. . Siendo sincero, le pongo un 7 debido a su increíble adaptación, una de las mejores que he podido ver. La historia es muy aburrida y no me interesa lo más mínimo, los personajes son vacíos y lo salvan muy pocas cosas. La mayor parte de la situaciones son muy de conveniencia del guion, lo cual lo odio.. . Pero como he dicho, la adaptación es increíble e incluso el primer y el último episodio los considero de 10. Así que lo ...
It's a drop from me. This season is just more of the same from the first one. Inept main character stumbles through every possible human interaction this world has to offer and yet there's his big breasted companion who only has eyes for him for whatever the reason. It's a fantasy, no other way around it. Comparable to what would someone who has ever had a girlfriend imagine the story would go.. . Inherently there's nothing wrong about that. People love fantasizing about things. The main problem this show has is that it doesn't bring anything new. It's a standard romantic "comedy", which will never make you ...
I personally loved the first season of JJK, therefore I had high expectations for the second one. What I liked about the first season was the amazing relationships between the characters, the cool concept of jujutsu sorcerers (not too much random cringe powers), the pacing, and also the humor of the show. Basicly none of this continued in the second season.. The first part, Satoru's backstory, was cool but I was really excited to see the main cast from the first season again. But when that time finally came I was dissapointed. The amazing chemestry of the first season seemed to be missing. There wasn't ...
I like the 1st season, but the 2nd season is just "Oh wow funny" that's it, nothing memorable. The story isn't that gud, I prefer the first arc of the 1st season than the whole anime. Also, the power of friendship is too much but not as much as SAO, some things like 1v1 while the others dueling is a plus point.. . the art style didn't change, that's a plus point, nothing got nerf.. . maple's plot armor is crazy, she has everything that is overpower.. this anime in a nutshell is a 'cute girl doing cute things', the men weren't included.... I don't know if anyone would like this ...
This 4 episode OVA series covers an original chibi, fantasy story of Gundam. For anyone that has seen Universal Century entries up until Char's Counterattack, you will see a lot of familiar faces and mobile suits.. . The story itself is a very basic fantasy one; group of heroes go on a quest to defeat the big evil. It is also very kid friendly so don't expect any usual darker Gundam themes from this one. As a side note, it's probably the only other Gundam entry besides G Gundam where they actually use what is basically magic powers.. . Art and animation are actually surprisingly good. Yeah it looks ...
Mental Issues: The Anime. . Plot Summary:. - Boy & Girl MC love other people but they know it will not be reciprocated so they'll just settle for each other.. . Characters:. - A lot of the characters are on the far ends of the usual spectrum of people or norm, but I know people that are like that so it's not too farfetched.. . Animation and Artwork:. - I really like the art of this anime. It fits well with the theme and emotions. The water color transitions and shots are a perfect "thought bubble" on what the characters are thinking.. ...
Potemayo is a comedy, and it will either be something you like or dislike based on your view of the humor. The show has a lot of farce and unexpected reactions, which can be charming and even meaningful. The characters of this show are mainly children who are living through puberty and love in an unconventional way. While it may sound inappropriate, it's presented in a way that's not objectionable.. . The story is not very complicated, and it doesn't have a satisfying conclusion. The show only lays bare some mature subjects, but it fails to dig into them in depth. The characters, though, captivate you, and ...
Story: Starts off really slow, the first few episodes are hard to get through and it doesn't get much better until the halfway point. But when it picks up, the pieces start falling into place and you can really start appreciating it. Loved the dealing with failure and depression themes that appeared throughout. Lots of relatable moments throughout if you're someone that struggles with social anxiety.. . Characters: Honestly, the characters besides the mc are all uninteresting and annoying most of the time. Most of the people mc is close with have annoying personalities and are very one dimensional. Meanwhile, the mc is the exact opposite. He's ...
Ghost Hound has several distinguishing characteristics that set it apart from other TV shows.. . The series opens with Taro recollecting the dream of their kidnapping. He is keen on finding out the truth concerning what led to his sister’s death and her last whispered words. However, Makoto is busy with his efforts to solve the problem around the murder of his father, which might be linked as well to the kidnapping of Taro. Masayuki, the new pupil at the school, is the one who gives all the other students something to think about and ultimately brings them together while struggling with his own fears.. . Nevertheless, the plot ...
Fade to Black is essentially DiamondDust Rebellion all over again. Does that mean it’s worse? Better? Which is it?. . Both.. . Fade to Black is executed much better than DiamondDust, and feels more engaging from a narrative structure point of view, but the concept is much weaker.. . We are once again introduced to a MacGuffin. It is an apparently dangerous creation of Mayuri’s and the villains steal it. Why is it dangerous? I don’t know. What does it do? I have no idea. I don’t even think it’s ever given an actual name in the movie, which makes calling it a MacGuffin somehow even more appropriate. Alas, the main ...
It's so bad it's good. I love this in a weird ironic unironic way. This is the corniest most horrible cliche anime I've ever seen and I'm hooked and I'm in love. The premise of it is oddly unique but also expected, and it's like anime junk food.. . Music bangs btw. The OP+ED match the aesthetic of it a lot. Many might brush it off as a lazy harem anime, weebs will hold it to the highest degree and think it's beautiful. Fun silly corny anime you can watch over the weekend and come out thinking "What did I just watch."
Kinda bad in its reveling in anime stereotypes, weak characterisations, and a seemingly deliberately unlikable protagonist. The story had weird pacing, and didn't end at a time that felt like a natural perfect end to the story. However, it was watchable, and I finished it thinking it was alright.. . The in universe anime had a cool title tho, millennium princess and the Kowloon overlord, sounds like it slaps. However, found it a bit odd in the whole show, we never see the voice actor for the Kowloon overlord. They state it's a harem show, and make it clear there should be a male protagonist, but his ...
It was ok.. . This is a non-canon work set between season 1 and 2. It was fun to watch, but nothing substantial nor additive to the series. What most would consider "fanservice". If you're a fan of the series and want a lil more, this is it, but as something concrete to the series, it didn't add nor take away anything from it. Overall enjoyable, but rather forgettable. Would not recommend if you're not a big fan as it would just feel like a whole load of nothing sandwich.. . I would put this on the same levels as the Hot Spring OVA and the Beach ...
Starts off very promising.. . Its a fun anime about a very unfortunate kid with the worse parents.. They sold their son to a demon. This demon made him his grandson, and now he's attending demon school.. And due to mishaps after mishaps ends up becoming the most popular student there.. . The anime is full of manufactured differences between the human and demon world. Where words like "friend", "date", and "fireworks" dont exist but pretty much every other word does. The demon world knows what gunpowder is but doesnt know fireworks...Its very selective. Whatever is needs for the plot.. . Some episodes do start to drag on for some of ...
To start this madness, we are introduced to a world where all human beings are born with the gift of magic, but this changes when a child without this ability emerges, Mash Burnedead, a teenager full of muscles but devoid of magic. Considered an aberration, Mash takes refuge in the forest until one day he is caught and forced to attend a magic school a la Hogwarts.. . "Mashle" combines references to Western works with situations and key concepts seen in other successful anime, many of them like One Punch Man. Similar to the protagonist Saitama, Mash was born without any special ability and achieves strength that ...
I watched it because it is rated 1 in MAL and i realisized i can't trust mal ranking.. . Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying it's trash or anything like that. Frieren takes the usual formula of the hero's journey and asks "what happens next?". It really is a great concept. You rarely see the state the world goes in after the great evil is defeated. Since the MC is an elf, you can have them experience a long stream of events and "capture" them all.. . The problem to me is mostly the presentation.. . In Frieren, the dialogue often feels very artificial and poorly worded. Too much "on ...
First of all,I LOVE how the first episode starts as coming from an "dating game RPG?" -forgot how to call it- and the other characters blandness is excellent but as expected of few common anime/manga/light novels it sucseeds in disopoting me of various fronts.. . Episode 1 overall a had good introductions and had all the elements to pull someone in but as I watched more I became more disappointed because of the mc's bland personality and her ability to interact with her environment. What I had hoped for was for her to have a good personality that could lit the fire of growth in other characters ...
I'm losing my mind here!. The show starred off extremely boring and confusing. Like what are the teams? Are they gangs who play this game instead of fighting? Who are half of these characters? Why should I care about them? Why is it even a sports anime to begin with? This makes no sense!!. Very little is explain. I feel like I'm getting punished for not playing the game the show is based off.. The only reason I watched the show was for Corpse Husband, but I don't even think he could saved this show.. I shouldn't have to play the original material just to understand the show! ...
That's what you get when you try to squish 4 ln volumes into 13 episodes. The slow parts — the slice-of-life, the romance and the character drama — were good, though messy sometimes. The problem lies within the "big plot".. . While being generic, it somehow still doesn't make sense. The twists are hard to follow and the hype/drama moments completely miss and come out laughable since it takes literally 2 minutes of screen time between a character making an epic entry to the scene and being dispatched. Some of the characters' motivations are an absolute mystery (either because it wasn't adapted or the original source was ...
I would recommend giving it a shot for the first three episodes, but not longer than that. This show has a really good first episode, arguably one of the best out there in terms of animation and also in storytelling, showing us the terrible work culture in Japan and comparing it with a zombie apocalypse. Unfortunately, this show gets worse and worse in both story and production as it goes on. I would say that it is a show that had a lot of potential but failed to deliver a compelling story with memorable characters.. . Its strongest points are the character design, original story, and its ...
From the director of Free!, Banana Fish, and Sk8 the Infinity, comes Bucchigiri?!, an anime about a pathetic shrimp of a man who is mean to his loving and supportive mother and is so obsessed with getting in a girl's pants that he keeps crudely ignoring his hot childhood friend who not only is so blatantly dtf, but also clearly cares about him and wants to reconnect with him.. . Like this director's previous shows, this one has no shortage of yaoibait, but it falls entirely flat because the main character is such an unlikable snotnosed worm. His kind childhood friend who clearly still loves him and ...
I have so many mixed feelings with this anime. On the one hand, it was plucky and interesting with a twist I never expected. On the other hand, it was the most frustrating anime I have ever watched. I can't tell if that was a stroke of genius or just unending annoyance.. . The characters were decent, but the main character was hard for me to connect with and seemed to have no redeeming qualities outside of his tenacity. I found most of the other characters more interesting.. . The plot was well paced yet I found myself enjoying the earlier arcs more than this past one, ...
I personally love cats and boys, so I think if anything I would be the like the exact target audience for this show. Slice of Life however is not my cup of tea unless done extremely well (think Barakamon). It was kind of decent at the beginning (first 3 episodes) but by episode 5 I really like how they started bringing in other cats with different personalities (minor spoiler for episode 5 incoming) like Haru's little brother was so adorable!! Honestly the show should be about HIM he's so cute and sweet!! The other cats also made for several great comedic moments which the earlier ...
The story pacing is messed up. Several first episodes have numerous time jumps, that differ in occurence by HOURS, and the exact timeline isn't presented clearly. It would be much easier to watch if a clear time stamps were provided. You can shove those 1:34PM 24 September 20XX, I can't even finish reading it before the action resumes.. The overarching story, or should I say world situation is similiarly very complex. It is quite compelling actually.. And this story is THE Protagonist. In this anime singular characters don't matter, what matters is painting the ongoing, and escalating conflict between ninja factions. The main cast, secondary cast, none ...
What starts as what could be a pretty interesting premise quickly descends into a cliche ridden show with little originality,. . Plot - 2/10. Very basic plot thats been seen a million times before riddled with every cliche from both shonen and medieval stories. Alot of things build up with little or underwhelming payoffs or happen extremely suddenly with little build up.. . There's also a plot of one of the characters falling in love with a 3000 year old fairy who just so happens to look like a child so yeah..... . Characters - 3/10. The only characters that really have any depth are king and ban, Diane to an extent ...
Dub vs Sub WARNING DO NOT WATCH THE DUBBED VERSION!. . For those of you who watch the English dubbed version... I would say stop right now. The English translation is so bad that it does not make sense. The difference is so night and day that I would that in the English version, powers are not explained well (lore), character motivations are lost to the point where you do not understand what is going on, and jokes do not land. There is also text that appears in the dub version that is not even translated when it should be.. . Story: 7/10 ...
Haven't watched Ultimite, but screw it. Here's my review anyway.. . I don't know if I feel this show too much. It has a really distinct style, and some of the main casts are fine, but it still manages to produce some forgettable episodes. It kinda gets messy in the last three episodes. Also, I find Seras' character a bit weird, since I'm pretty sure she has most of the screen time on this show, yet her developement throughout is pretty much treated like an insignificant side character. Idk, it's a bit weird. It's a shame because I found her conflicts with being a vampire initially interesting.. . I ...
It's pretty good.. . This show has really cool concept, I think. And this series managed to squeeze out some really good episodes out of it. Especially episode 10, bro. That was crazy.. . With all that said, I really don't like the romantic subplot that was going on. Some of them came out of nowhere, and none of them really came to a satisfying or desirable conclusions.. . And some of these character's action and demeanor.. is really questionable, and sometimes irks me. It's pretty rushed towards the end, too.. . But overall, this is a cool series.. . ...
I’ll get this out of the way: this anime isn’t for me. From the get-go, I just didn’t like Rintarō because of his eccentricities. The same goes for his ditzy friend or something—I don’t even know anymore—Mayuri. I know that we know this beforehand, and I can usually handle eccentric characters, but Rintarō and Mayuri were just ones I couldn’t deal with. Meanwhile, Daru, the roommate, was just perverted, something I didn’t like either. I don’t even have anything to say about Makise.. . The anime is a mindfuck but there was something about the way that it’s mindfuck-y that it’s confusing and difficult to grasp. I’ve ...
Visually stunning and intellectually stimulating, Bakemonogatari blends supernatural elements with complex character interactions. Utilising a unique storytelling style, sharp dialogue, and distinctive art direction, to offer a refreshing take on the supernatural genre. However, its heavy reliance on dialogue and intricate narrative structure might not be for everyone.. . The art style is distinctive and fitting for the story it tells. With its minimalist backgrounds, avant-garde character designs, and frequent use of abstract visuals, the art complements the surreal and introspective nature of the series. With it characters in general are well-rounded and exhibit both flaws and strengths, contributing to their complexity and depth. Each character ...
The Witch from Mercury certainly isn't the best anime I've ever seen, but it does a good job at setting up it's second season, and it's beautiful Gundam animations are something to behold. It may end in a way some may find underwhelming, but it assures a second season, which I think heavily entices you to continue watching. I know I'm going to! I think the sacrifices this season makes for setting up season 2 makes this one struggle to reach peak Gundam. It's no Iron-Blooded Orphans, but it's got similar charm.. . The animation doesn't really shine until the fights happen. I also don't love that ...
Ishida to Asakura is certainly an anime, that's for sure lol.. . This is yet another short anime centered around comedy, with quick jabs and lots of lowbrow humor. What I found pleasing about this one specifically is how consistent the "plot" was, considering that similar anime will often forget what's going on by episode 3. If looking at Ishida to Asakura from an objective lens, then yeah it's pretty bad, but not offensively bad mind you. It's an anime all about random situations bordering the surreal, focused entirely on a punchline or two per episode. It's just a stupid and quick (~24 minutes) watch that ...
Classroom of the Elite season 1 is the fast-food of anime. It's cheesy enough that you can munch through it enjoyably like a hamburger, but bad enough that you'd feel sick every time you finish an episode.. . When characters converse in this anime, it almost always feels robotic and sub-human. They speak too perfectly, using few words and spewing out incoherent phrases, yet miraculously end up understanding each other. Ayanokoji is the main offender in these robotic discussions; he talks like a printer. Here's a typical Classroom of the Elite exchange:. . "Did you steal the panties?" asks the blond guy.. "Nope," replies Ayanokoji.. "Okay, I trust you." says the ...
As an avgeek and HUGE fan of pilots since 2003, this anime was a big letdown. From what I read on the description and saw on the cover, I thought this could be one of my favorites. But the anime was nothing like that description.. The biggest flaw is that I watch aviation anime for one reason.... the pilots. I think pilots are one of the coolest types of characters there are for an anime. Gundam and mecha pilots are super awesome, but I LOVE seeing actual plane pilots do their thing especially because of the pilot x plane relationship and watching them both work together ...
This anime isn't "Top 3.". . I will preface this by saying it's not horrible or anything as of four episodes in posting this review things seem weird in-comparison to it's rank here. Interestingly reviews on the internet seem to discuss that the anime apparently gets a lot better episode 10 on. (I do plan on watching till then, but this initial review still has it's place as a guide to the average person).. . For the average person no anime that has such a slow first 10 episodes should have contention for a top 3 spot. It shouldn't be recommend as a first anime to watch either. ...
TL;DR: As a Manga reader, expected something like HS DxD, but got normie Harem plot with slow pacing. Animators not going full Degenerate level like other Ecchi shows do, and hence the overall experience is bad. Not recommended.. . . Okay, so I am a Manga reader, and I am reading this piece of art when there were only 15 chapters out, so yea, I am one of the OGs when it comes to the story and I know everything about the characters and what the story is about, so the whole anime is a huge L for me.. . I was really thinking that this will be ...
The setup is very nonsensical.. . You have these 3 students walking home. The girl starts talking some philosophical bullsht about not feeling like she belongs in this world. Then they are transported to another world. And these regular students are labelled heroes.. . The girl is way too into this and i wish she'd tone it down. She just makes me roll my eyes with her exaggerated enthusiasm.. Its one of those anime that constantly uses exaggerated everything. Funny faces and exaggerated gestures and expressions have become the lowest and laziest forms of comedy in anime.. . The main character is also always narrating in his head whats happening. And ...
This anime is for those people who play games to craft items and quest solo. The Virtual Reality Massively Multiplayer Online (VRMMO) milleu is not unique. It has already been done with Bofuri (Bofuri: I Don't Want to Get Hurt, so I'll Max Out My Defense) to a similar comedic effect. In fact, I think this show consciously chose to be as opposite as possible as Bofuri. Middle-aged man versus high school girl, experienced gamer versus newbie, a mostly solo player versus a guild player.. . Thus, the appeal for this show is different. As an older anime watcher, having an older main character appealed to me. ...
It's what I imagine a PS2 (possibly even PS1) extended gaming trailer to look like, the "gameplay not included" note and all. In some ways, it's quite charming, these retro looking CGI character models alongside some pretty refined looking background art, it does trigger that sense of nostalgia in me, of a time much simpler.. . A one man project, Syun Matsuena adapting his own work here, so I am a little lenient on the score. The creator of Kenichi: The Mightiest Disciple, an incredibly fun battle ecchi/comedy, Waza no Tabibito is the dollar store version in comparison. Syun definitely knows how to make thicc characters, I'll ...
Per my rating, I have mixed feelings on recommending this. I watched it hours after finishing the tv series.. Starting off with the pros, the high budget is clear with beautiful shots and no off-model moments for characters (or at least I didn't notice any). In the 6 year gap between the series and the movie, Dezaki's directing became so much more refined and distinctly HIS style from the pastel still frames, the shots of birds taking flight, unique camera angles, and color palette changes in intense moments. It very much made the movie for me.. Onto why I am mixed about this, the movie is ...
Honestly, I really kind of enjoyed it. It wasn't the best Isekai in the world, but it's light hearted humor and direction made me enjoy it! I would try 3 episodes? Hopefully that will tell you if you really want to watch it or not. It was far down on my list to watch because the idea seems dumb, like "Takt Op. Destiny" (which I ended up loving, the description is just atrocious), but it was a good watch! I started it because I clicked it randomly from my Crunchyroll list.. Will you want to watch it over and over again? Probably not. But if you ...
It wasn’t a bad show, but the relentless miscommunication trope drove me insane. It’s definitely a light and airy watch and a good love story between the two leads, despite the drama. The artwork is beautiful and the premise is unique. Give it a watch but just be patient with the constant miscommunication. There were side characters that had potential of filling screen time that might have not been played out to their full potential.. . If there was a second season, and a lot less miscommunication drama, I would absolutely watch it. The FL is known to be an over thinker which causes a lot ...
Cowboy Bebop was an interesting watch. It's definitely one of the anime that requires you to read in between the lines as not everything is presented to you at face value like most anime nowadays. However because of that it may be hard to grasp some of the overarching themes in this show without having to watch an explanation video of the entire series. For this reason I gave it a 7, as personally I believe that a piece should portray it's themes clearly, otherwise it'd probably be an 8 or 9.. . But the more I think about the show I can see why people enjoy ...
I haven’t watched much, but I don’t really get the appeal. To me, the story is very generic and there is too much filler. The characters are one-dimensional, and really don’t have much to them. The story could use some work. It is very fan service-y, which already is a turn-off for me, but the fact that the fan service is centered around LITTLE GIRLS disturbs me a bit. This anime is mid at best. I may not be a fan of One Piece, but I respect the grind and I don’t care if you like it or not. (Don’t harass me pls)
Watched over the course of 7 weeks as part of watch parties on the "The Paradox" Discord server (link to join the server here: https://discord.gg/xy5yYFM7). . . Persona 4 the Animation (much like the game it's based on), is a story filled with peaks and valleys. When it's good (ex: the last 3-4 episodes (and the OVA), the King's Game), it's REALLY good. But when it's bad (ex: the accursed Hot Springs episode, Kanji, Rise & Naoto's dungeons), it's REALLY bad. But this is not a BAD story or a bad anime on the whole. It's just aged really, really, REALLY badly. Needless to say, I prefer P3 ...
I think the show has some potential. Sadly, the story needs a bit of work. I like the main character, she has a cheerful outlook on life. Most supporting characters are just there to create some mess so that the main character can save the day. And near the end, some of the plot development isn't that sensible. At the very end, there is a poorly constructed tense moment that maybe was meant to make it look like someone didn't make it, but to the keen observer, you can see it a mile away. It was a bizarre moment for me ngl. I don't mind ...
Analyzing Dennou Coil is rather problematic as the series is quite complicated. As you advance to episode 20, you may get bewildered with the barrage of information presented in each episode making it hard to remember the storyline.. . Having some explanations added earlier would have been helpful, maybe right after the episode 3 introductory arc is concluded. Rather than that, the program withholds the information until the closing segment and then dumps it on the viewers.. . To mitigate confusion for prospective viewers, it's crucial to have some background information, which can be gleaned from the Wiki. The story is set in a world where "Den-noh Megane," wearable ...
Review will contain major spoilers but in a separate tag. I intend to make this review readable to those that are not caught up with the season. Thus I am unmarking the spoiler warning.. 1) Story. The story was not great but it was not bad either. However it was close to bad. In terms of plot points, the story was good. If you consider the major points, there were times when some unexpected things happened. However, the transition from one point to another was not that enjoyable. Partially because the season seemed stretched with too much repetition and back stories. If instead of making this a ...
Although the story is entertaining at times, it lacks depth and feels a bit repetitive. The fight scenes are great, but the emotional moments feel a bit shallow and repetitive. The characters are likable, but their development and arcs feel a bit limited. The animation and soundtrack are also very average, despite the series having some memorable moments. Overall, Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba is a fun series to watch but doesn't measure up to other similar anime in terms of depth and emotional impact.. . I would recommend watching Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba to those looking for an entertaining and enjoyable experience, but not necessarily ...
The Biggest problem in the story is that a lot of the characters are too stupid.. They are basically in the Top school so one would expect that the even dumbest character should be at least above average IQ but the bottom characters are as dumb as normal school bottom people. Its as if their whole purpose is to be manipulated by the main characters . They always act like annoying brats and the main characters remain calm. As for improvement over time, character development is non existent and they all are a bunch of NPC's. There are lots of other problems in the story ...
I've watched till sesason 5 E7 and i'm finally thinking to drop it.. . I've persisted on because i know its a hugely popular and famous anime so it must be good. Some season episodes were definitely interesting and action-packed (e.g. the chunin exam) but many other episodes were a drag. If they shorten it, maybe it was still worth the watch for the plot.. . Personally, the main characters (the trio) were very hard to love and if i don't like the characters, its hard to watch on. Naruto was always reckless and he never seems to learn regarding that. Sakura is almost always 'useless' in terms ...
maybe more of a 7.8 ish.. . A very chill slice-of-life kind of show. There isn't really a plot plot per-se so its not the adventurous action kind of isekai.. It's more like just enjoy the cute pets he has as they travel and defeat monsters, and enjoy the cooking that he makes.. It's a very easy show to watch on any day and the characters are cute and lovable. it's predictable after a few episodes but i felt it was just alright to watch.. Of course you might not like it if you're looking for more of a plot build-up etc.
ENG/ESP Review on Shingeki no Kyojin. This review contains minor spoilers.. . ENGLISH:. . It is clear that I have come very late to the hype-train of Shingeki no Kyojin, years later in fact; I don't know why but this show never quite caught my attention and I only started to get interested when the show had already blown up the anime and manga community in every possible way and I can see why; Shingeki no Kyojin is quite fun to watch, as I have finished it in just 3 days and not only this, it also has an animation that surely revolutionized 2014 in a similar way to Kimetsu ...
It's a basic romance anime. The heroine is surrounded by some handsome boys which is not so bad. She must uncover the truth about her past and her relationships in order to regain her memories and find her true love. It successfully blends romance, mystery, and the supernatural.. The animation is nice and gives this dreamlike vibes.. . The character development is nor bad or good, with some good emotional connections while others feel rushed or underdeveloped. The protagonist's lack of a distinct personality is kinda annoying.. . I really like the opening it's sets the mood for the anime.. . In the end it's worth watching. Despite some narrative ...
Concept is actualy great and there are hilarius cense and episode for score of 10 but from 25 episodes sadly i need to say that instead of deap story director chose shalow aproach so some episodes are pointles to watch. This anime is parody in its core but it need to have limit how far can you capture atention of watcher only using plane comedy with out desired outcome. I can not teel you that I am disapointet but still I am sad from amount of waisted potential this anime had in first 5 episode :(.... Concept is actualy great and there are ...
This show is decent historical fiction in the vein of Golden Kamuy, with a really interesting setting and a sprawling plot. It is just threatening to buckle under the weight of its own ambition and weak production value. While it is not a show for everyone, I am shocked at how few people are even throwing a glance at it as it is airing (Winter 2024).. . The early Meiji period setting is one of the most exciting times in Japanese history and the best thing this show has going for it (it is in the title, after all). A civil war has just ended. A ...
Tonally dissonant and poorly produced, but an intriguing story with some surprisingly hard-hitting emotional high notes.. . ButaLiver appears to be a typical isekai of the 2020s (this time the twist is that the protagonist is reincarnated as a pig), but rather than giving him some kind of overpowered skill that allows him to cruise along the plot with ease, the setting puts our hero in a difficult spot with very little to work with. The heroine (unfortunately) still falls back into a stereotypical mold and is way too comfortable to put up with the hero's oftentimes wildly inappropriate inner thoughts. He simply came across as crass ...
When you click on a show like this one you can't expect it to be smart. It's just a dumb funny anime, with a lot of fanservice and stupid situations.. . With that said, this second season was not as funny as the first one. You find way more situations that only exist to build drama in a show that should not focus on drama. There was drama everywhere and I watched it all just because Shino is my favorite, but even then there where funny things on every episode.. . I'd say it's still entertaining, but can't blame anyone disliking it.
I think it was fine and could recommend the first 8 episodes, but the remaining 4 ruined my experience, personally; it felt like there was a major tonal shift from slice-of-life and comedy to action and "friendship" (and a bit of intrigue), which simply made the last episodes not enjoyable/funny to me. The way that the territorial/friendship conflict was handled towards the end made it difficult for me to laugh at the small attempts at slapstick; the contrast in vibes was simply too jarring. Also, the cleric's behavior was *really* annoying for me (perhaps more appropriate for non-comedy anime), and that further soured any ...
2nd season is alright. It's not as good as the first, but it's not terrible. It's mediocre. It's whelming. It's okay.. . The goods? They pack a lot of story lines into the season. I'm honestly impressed by how much material was used. Was it rush? Oh yeah, definitely. But still enjoyable. You have to understand that in a 12 episode season, there isn't really time to develop plots so prepare for a lot of convenients and expositions. Still, the storyline is very interesting, especially towards the finale. Another positive is of course, the main reason most of us watch the show- the women. No shortage of ...
Full disclosure upfront, I only picked this up because I was in dire need of some good bara-bait character designs and I thought the genie guy looked neat. If that's all you want from this show, it 100% deliver on that. Otherwise, it's been a mixed bag. The most succinct answer I can give in whether to recommend or not would be a pathetic "Mileage may vary". . Pros:. The art direction for this show is something amazing. Honestly some of the best designs for characters I've seen from anime in a long time. The aforementioned Bara-bait. Not just the genie, but a few others as well. ...
I've been watching a LOT of 90's hentai, not because of the sex scenes, but because I realized (after watching A Kite) that most of them actually have a story to tell, but are often overlooked due to the explicit content. This usually ends up being unimportant filler, with only few exceptions here and there.. . And this might be one of the last ones of its kind. Not many hentais have 6, half hour episodes. You can tell a decent amount of ambition and money got put into this. Even then, you might find some animation glitches (I think by this time, PC software had ...
Wow, this was a pretty long trailer. Where's the anime tho?. Okay, jokes aside. The story is bland, mediocre, already seen, and rushed: there are some compelling characters and plots, like that of the MC's magic tutor or his older brother and family, but again, rushed as it is, they're not developed enough to save an otherwise generic, below-average isekai. Furthermore, the animation is mediocre, the CGI terrible, the music is uninspired (the OP is pain-up horrible), and, in general, the production value feels low.. What can I say? Watch it if you have nothing else to watch - the first 3-4 episodes might even give you ...
Honestly, Code Gueass piqued my attention when Attack on Titans ended and I saw someone comparing Eren to Lelouch. Back then, I thought that there was no way another main character could have such a bad ending as well. After finishing Code Geass I stand to my initial belief. Eren and Lelouch are not alike in my opinion. They do share some questionable methods, though.. . I really liked Lelouch and I honestly found the show interesting. There are some moral discussions throuought it; battle scenes are okay. What stands out is Lelouch's strategies and ways of thinking. The plot lacks consistency in some important points and ...
i just finished the movie, finished the series earlier today, i dont know how to feel about this series, i was like really enjoying the anime and starting to get with the character development and the way the series worked, then by the end i got all confused again, watching the movie today cleared my mind about some stuff, but i guess this anime really wasnt it for me, i dont think shinji is a bad character like every one says, but at the same time i find it very difficult to pity him or have any positive feelings towards him at all (mostly after ...
Baffling reputation but also weirdly charming in its unrestrained lunacy. Writing takes a backseat so hard it becomes impossible to digest the story without banging your head on a desk to shut your brain off. You could argue that, insofar as anime is concerned, it's the quintessential experience: tropey characters, quippy beats, and unabashed edge. It's as 2000s as it can get. Hellsing is such an odd blend of gothic edge and interjecting banter that rarely feels like it breaks the immersion. Yet the banal melodrama frequently reaches severe breaking points and the hammy monologues can get really tiresome. It's completely devoid of logic and ...
Lowering the MAL score is what I did when I was disappointed with Gear 5 Luffy, it's not that I hate the jokes in this anime series, but the joke was told at a critical moment which was not appropriate, it should have been seriously thrilling because that moment was the end of the Wano arc where the fight was the one you had been waiting for. after hundreds of episodes of this series and really this is a big mistake in my opinion. I like Sanji's joke about beautiful female characters, I like the joke where Zorro is always lost or blind, ...
Honestly the story is very typical in every aspect like in the genres of fantasy, adventure, etc. but i like this kind of story because you will be sure that nothing too dark is going to happen in the whole series meaning a light hearted plot which is good to enjoy! the sad part however is this plot is nice but the way it is presented is very not likeable at times it is very cringe ! plus the worst part of this plot for me is the harem theme i mean the only thing which made me want to start the series is the ...
This is peak anime, so good it transcends the medium and you forget you're watching an anime. This isn't just a good story with good politics, it's the show that perfectly complements both and gives a satisfying conclusion to everything the series is about. It shows the most idealized version of a monarchy, against the idealized version of someone who believes in democracy, in an era where humans now live in space. The story is so interesting throughout the 110 episodes (minus a few filler episodes in the first season), that if you've watched and liked the first or second episode, you're gonna enjoy the ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2024!. . Story (8). The story is about someone who's getting called in another world as a pig. In his life before, He was a human that live on Japan. In that world, He found a girl that are going to have a journey together. You're going to see a several event that might surprise you in the middle of the episode.. . Art (8). The art in this anime is very good. I like how they use the color to make it more like a fantasy vibes. But I prefer if they can animate it more rather than use static image.. . Sound ...
Mayby this in an anime who is not for everyone, but sure is not for me.. . I've started this anime with low expections, and i dropped it with a solid realization: i'm not fan of this type of setting. I know this anime is made in that mode on purpose, for made people laugh and joke on it, but... i never laugh on this, so i never reached the primary goal of the series.. The storytelling is not bad at all, perhaps without avoidable ecchi scenes and by focusing more on the characters and world-building it could have become a good story, but again ... that's not ...
Final review (12 ep) -. Turned into an average damsel makes life difficult for MC (antagonist/revengist) show after the 3rd ep.. Seen this trope everywhere and it is equally irritating everytime. (Not just anime but even TV shows like 24).. The amount of non-sensible plot holed twists happen is unbound after ep 4.. Not sure what the next seasons even have planned other than random story and fights.. Watch it at your own risk.. . See the difference with preliminary review -. . Preliminary Review (3 ep) -. ...
Did not like it as much as the first season But I still think Season 2 is very good and enjoyable. . It's just the animation that looks bad. Like It felt like they hardly tried at all. JC STAFF Is known for making bad stuff to begin with.. . With the animation aside The story is very good. The Characters are still great and the Action is so good. . I like Garou, I like all of the characters they introduce the Monster association all of it is very good. . However I would read the manga of Season 2 The manga is one of the best Mangas ever written. . Overall it's fine. ...
Half mam. Half devil. All chainsaw.. . Denji gave his life to a cute devil. And in return that devil gave his life to him.. Now with their powers combined they are Chainsaw Man. Now he's a hero and he's gonna cut devils down to zero.. . Denji's motivation is very noble; he is doing this so he can finally grab some girl's fine tits.. . Guns seem to become a very crucial aspect of this anime half way through. The main villain is a gun devil. And its almost as if the anime is making a commentary on gun violence.. . The anime is short but i prefer that over pointlessly dragging ...
The anime was fine. It was boring, but fine. I didn't really expect the most complex plot line, since most people who watch this anime are watching for the fashion. Let's be honest here. Though would it kill them to actually try?! *sigh*. . So the premise of this anime is that the main character is obsessed with jellyfish. Well, that's not all. Her mom tells her that girls will grow up to be princesses and blah blah blah. The problem is, the main character doesn't feel like a princess, since she doesn't upkeep her appearance. So she ...
This is a conflicting watch for me & it's been a while since I've had this kind of confliction. On the one hand, they wrapped up the stories the series was focusing on, but on the other hand it felt like it was trying to weave more that it wanted to finish in a follow-up.. . The premise is a hard to break down. Set in the future on a Mars city, a class set up to design rocket engines is assigned a new transfer student/manager to oversee their work. The school is under the authority of a larger corporation which make them employees. The business also ...
For a movie clearly made to pander to people like me, grown-up Digimon fans, it sure spent a long time on a surprisingly depressing new character. Very dark stuff, I was honestly a little surprised.. . The art was passable. I liked the song.. . I still enjoyed all of the moments with the OG cast interacting with each other and their Digimon, and I liked it more then Kazuna, so that's something. There's not a ton of action, but that didn't bother me as I really care more about the characters.. . If you really like the 02 cast, it's worth watching but be prepared for a kind ...
It feel strange to rate something by Miyazaki so low, but here we are.. . As usual, animation is good (although I wouldn't say anything feels different or unique from other Ghibli films), and I willingly went to watch a dub so that's always something to note. But these are things you could likely say about any of the studio's films.. . I left this SPECIFIC movie feeling like I didn't take anything away from it - and I was actually confused about what it was even trying to say about the main character's relationship with his step mother, I won't go into spoilers because I waited too long ...
[MINOR SPOILER WARNING]. . I'm torn on this series. On one hand, it depicts very potent emotional themes and shows the messiness of navigating relationships. However, on the other hand, it suffers from such awful writing and most of the cast is bland and uninteresting.. . I went into Golden Time blind, and when they revealed the MC has amnesia, I actually thought the show was joking, unfortunately, it wasn't a joke. The entire amnesia part of the show just felt like the writer threw it in to add a convenient means as to why the MC is emotionally torn between who he likes, and even though the premise ...
Thing is, the story starts out great! You quickly get the sense that this is basically going to be "Sassuga Mia-sama!": The Series. And they really work the joke, while making FMC believably flawed. Just because her personality got her killed once, doesn't mean she's suddenly going to pull a 180. She's mean, childish, and manipulative, and this time around, she has her execution as a fantastic excuse to be that way. The issue is that somehow the show peters out as time goes on, with issues coming to a head in Episode 8. I can't put my finger on it, but after seeing her ...
So basically, we are talking about how this movie attracts your attention with its visuals and nothing else. Generic plot, flat-personality characters, and parkour battles are here and there in the movie, so you can get engaged for a moment.. The plot is not unique in any way possible.. . Storytelling is so simple, with no remarkable points to say.; side characters are nothing to be proud of.. Visually appealing, decent music (at least you will enjoy the humming).. . (Rating Out of 10). Plot : 5. Characters : 3. Music : 7. ...
The new arc barely started and we already get a recap episode, huh.. . Well, at least this time it’s not a simply a story recap but rather a character recap, so it’s not *completely* useless. Also, despite being “Egghead Recap”, it barely touches upon Egghead. Though that’s not a bad thing, we don’t need to be reminded of episodes that literally just aired.. . The most enjoyable part was the opening, but obviously that sequence is not original to this recap. I mean, barely anything is original to the recap, just the short chibi sequence and some of the narration. So for example despite the Puncture attack ...
Title: 86 Eighty-Six. . Mixed Feelings Review:. . "86 Eighty-Six offers a compelling premise with its dystopian setting and exploration of themes like discrimination and war. The animation and soundtrack are top-notch, immersing viewers in its world. The characters, particularly the members of the Spearhead Squadron, are well-developed and engaging, each with their own struggles and motivations.. . However, the pacing can feel uneven at times, with moments of intense action interspersed with slower, exposition-heavy scenes. Some viewers might also find certain plot twists predictable or cliché. Additionally, while the series addresses important societal issues, it occasionally lacks depth in its exploration, leaving potential for further development untapped.. . Overall, 86 Eighty-Six is ...
This needs some explaining and this could get lengthy.. But it needs to be done really.. Quick note; I watched a American-English dubbed version instead of the original Japanese version. This could have been part of why it gives me mixed feelings as you will read. Often the English dubs are really cringe and makes a mess of the original. So please keep that in mind, it could be the case here as well.. . Now I won't talk about the story directly so no spoilers are given away.. But I can talk about the story progression, which is all over the place.. You get a lot of snippets of the ...
Easily one of the most boring isekai I ever watched. And I watched many isekais - in fact, almost all of them, at least the ones over 5.5 score. There's not much to talk about so let me get straight to the point - if you don't particularly enjoy food p**n, then this anime's not for you. If you do, you might be still slightly disappointed that all they ever cook is meat. Meat, meat, and meat again. Jeez, how is he not getting protein poisoning? Also, to me at least it gets downright disgusting sometimes: why, yes, what's better to get you hungry than ...
Was fun and enjoyable for the first half. Nothing serious or groundbreaking, just a simple entertaining show. The second half however started to get cringe (which was weird because nothing in the environment or the characters really changed?), they shifted from a more casual and slice of life tone that was funny, to trying to be inspirational and teaching life lessons but in the most generic and elementary way possible. It felt like watching animated Dhar Mann YouTube videos. It's like the writer forgot what he was trying to write halfway through. It felt like a show for a much much younger audience, would of ...
I watched it to the point where the canon material ends. It's interesting, yet there's a lot of cliche especially in comedic scenes. The world and the magic system are interesting. Animation and artsyle are great especially for 2011 year of release.. The main protagonist acts annoyingly childlish in first few episodes which isn't a bad thing (he just needs to grow), but if you want to relate to him, you better tolerate his stupidness for a while. Other characters can be annoying too, but other times they are great.. . The story is a mix between serious and funny comedy episodes. I find the main plot ...
Ah, the epic saga of Shield Hero—a tale of trials, tribulations, and the occasional triumph amidst the chaos of another world. As we embark upon the review of its third season, let us first journey through the annals of its predecessors.. . Season one, a veritable odyssey of the underdog, saw our Shield Hero rise from the ashes like a phoenix, his journey from rock bottom to redemption a testament to the indomitable spirit of the human—or should I say, hero—heart. The character development was as rich as a chocolate lava cake, each layer revealing new depths to our protagonist and his motley crew of companions. Truly, ...
ButaReba - I'm telling you, man, the Isekai Reincarnation shows have gone bonkers.. . By this time, I don't really need to tell you what reincarnated Isekai shows are like; it's the same doofus premise that we've seen time to time again. But, in a case of silver lining, there's the "I turned into XXX" plotline, which gives a somewhat refreshing take to the reincarnation angle. From 8-bit's Tensei Slime franchise (which has continued to go strong even as the series hits its 10th anniversary in 2024) to Studio Gokumi X AXsiZ's last Summer's offering of Jidou Hanbaiki ni Umarekawatta Ore wa Meikyuu wo Samayou a.k.a Reborn ...
The tangled web of academic intrigue and psychological gymnastics—a saga where the classroom becomes a battleground, and the stakes are as high as the Himalayas. Youkoso Jitsuryoku Shijou Shugi no Kyoushitsu 3 beckons us once more into its labyrinth of schemes and secrets, leaving us grappling for meaning amidst the chaos.. . The premise is as convoluted as a Rubik's Cube in a hurricane—an intricate dance of wits where high schoolers engage in mind games that would leave Sherlock Holmes scratching his head. Our protagonist, the MC, stands as the beacon of reason in this tumultuous sea of adolescent machinations, his intellect a lighthouse guiding his classmates ...
I will brave the Fujoshi hate and deliver a more unbiased review on this anime. For the record I am not familiar with Korean anime, but have read quite a bit of their manhwa... of the BL smut variety.. . I read the words 'vampire' and 'boys love' under information and was immediately intrigued. I was soon slapped in the face with disappointment. I feel that there's such a desperation for LGBTQ+ romance that the genre has become over-saturated with cliched, mediocre, immature and rather unhealthy relationship depictions. MAL describes this as erotica, its not, its smut. This anime is a cut and paste of many BL ...
Masamune-kun no Revenge R is a sequel myself and everyone else waited over 7 years for, even if I wasn't super excited I did still remember season 1 fondly and was looking forward to watching this. The first half or so was pretty good but in the second half especially towards the end I was absolutely lost and really found it hard to follow/understand what was going on. There were some very odd and questionable sub-plots and character actions that felt like they only served to pad the runtime and drive wedges between characters/force in drama which annoyed me quite a bit. I also sadly ...
I can see how people enjoy Migi to Dali. It's a nice take on surreal comedy surrounding a pair of twins trying to integrate themselves into a village to avenge their mother. However, despite the heavy premise, the story is lighthearted at many points, being more comedic and coming of age rather than focusing on the plot at hand. You'll see Migi and Dali have surprising cunningnes, empathy, and yet also lack common sense due to being orphans fixated on revenge. The jump in logic in certain actions such as trying to make friends or doing well in school is definitely comedic.. . However, I didn't find ...
So, this is slice of life anime easy to watch. The plot is quite simple, even though at the end we just assume how the cat gets as big as a human, but aside from that is sweet and fun. Can be enjoyable just at times were you don't want to drain your brain with more complex stories.. . The animation was very good, I think the studio did a great job with that. The character designs are pretty too. I was quite surprised in that fact.. . But, I would have liked a little bit more of plot itself. It's a personal preference but I like when stories ...
This is a really hard recommend. There's a lot of good things, like the fantastic Opening and Ending & some stellar tracks on the OST, the very iconic & peak early 2000s animation style, and the interesting concepts and designs shown off. There's a lot of not so good things though, like a very drag-on pace at certain points, and the very drastic and MUCH for the worse change in the shows plot when they ran out of content due to the manga being unfinished at the time of airing. (Similar to what had happened with the original Fullmetal Alchemist).. . . Overall, I would say ...
I seriously hope this isn't the sign of Ghibli movies not being for me.. . Slice of life, with fantasy elements, and a whimsical comfort no other films can give you. It's an appeal that globally touches people's souls. A world where pirates take care of children, where bullets don't bust eardrums, where the highest form of conflict comes one hour after the film began. I don't have a problem against it, and I get the appeal so many people have over movies like it. It feels like a comfortable blanket that covers your emotions at any point in your life, but it's not for me. ...
Kokoro Connect is a solid anime with a focus on character development. The story revolves around a group of high schoolers who face various challenges that allow for their personal growth.. . The characters in Kokoro Connect go through real struggles, like facing their fears and dealing with their insecurities. The show takes its time to show how they change, and it feels like something that could happen in real life. It's a calm and thoughtful look at how people can grow and become better.. . Throughout the series, each character undergoes noticeable changes, dealing with their insecurities and fears. The show doesn't rush this process, which adds a ...
The first season felt pretty solid in terms of having its conflict resolved in an entertaining manner. This season poses a big question mark for me because a lot of nothing has been happening in its opening episodes. I mean, stuff happens, but it's not engaging and not feeling like it's going anywhere. I'd be fine if it committed to its name in it following a quiet life in the countryside as a sort of slice of life, but even then it really lacks conflict and stakes or a general reason to care about what the characters are doing. I don't see a reason for ...
In a land resembling Europe, the kingdom of Windland struggles with the disappearance of its royal family, who vanished in an ambush many years ago. Windland is currently losing a war with its neighboring country, the Sablum Empire. The Knight's Academy is where the young men and women of Windland are trained, and they offer a glimmer of hope to the beleaguered nation.. . There are rumors that a skilled warrior named Priecia, who may be the long lost princess of Windland, could turn the tide of the war. Priecia's exceptional swordsmanship seems to guarantee victory for her kingdom.. . Despite the rumors, Priecia stoically prepares to attend the ...
Like, it wasn't bad or anything. The show was super cute and all, but at the same time, it flew under the radar for me. I think a little of it may be a result of the story, and maybe this is also an issue with the development of the anime, but some things were so heavily focused, whereas other aspects that could have used more time did not receive the attention they needed. After episode 4, I wondered if I wanted to continue watching. I am never one to give up on an anime, so I went in to see if there was something ...
BORING. . An interesting concept for an anime, but where nothing happens. Its an anime about nothing. But its no Seinfeld.. Its a good concept: A very strong high-school delinquent is chosen to raise the future demon overlord.. . But every episode feels like filler. Every episode feels the same. And the story just drags on. The characters wont shut the fck up and just get to the point.. Everything is exaggerated. Its a bunch of exaggerated faces, and exaggerated emotions, and exaggerated shyness.. . The characters are always screaming its so obnoxious. Listening to this anime is a pain on my ears.. . And the worse thing about this anime is the lack of ...
An anime with perfect production, but an average script.. Gunsmith Cats is technically sensational, the soundtracks are very good, a very unique atmosphere, very good animation, a simply impeccable artistic direction, a very eye-catching design and an excellent visual representation of Chicago, making it a series that is well worth watching just by its technical terms.. However, narratively speaking it is well mediated, the characters are only supported by charisma, fun situations and an interesting story, but not so well used.. At least it's a really fun anime to Watch.. . In portuguese. . Um anime com uma produção perfeita, mas um roteiro mediano.. Gunsmith Cats é tecnicamente sensacional, as trilhas sonoras muito ...
ok this anime is a complete mess were the characters are just fascinating enough that if done right there might be something there. with that said the time given while entertaining there is not much to the characters. the plot is a complete mess and less a plot and more a very messily told journey. the animation is average and really outside of the nudity there is nothing worth noting about it. really the main reason to watch this is for those looking for something so bad it is good. there were seven times i just stated what because of how rush ...
Have ever imagined wanting to write a review for an anime that aired before I was born? in 2024 where all anime looks very beautiful?! here want to dedicate all passion to onii-sama e.. just for my precious Kaoru-no-Kimi. . succeeded because of one story, not the main character but a supporting named Kaoru who brought me to the finish line. So can I write a review just for her?. . synopsis: Kaoru no Kimi, a beautiful girl, good at sports, the idol of the whole school, her world is very perfect.. how the angel will fall when her wings are cut and can't fly because of ...
The Solo Leveling manhwa has always been a series that covered its fairly by-the-numbers power fantasy with excellent art and a very strong opening. Well... this season is the opening, and the art and animation are quite solid. Definitely worth checking out if you want a slightly different (for anime at least) take on the isekai idea and aren't too invested in finishing every story you start. Otherwise you can give it a pass.. . There really isn't much else to say. It's a very simple series with characters who are thin but generally likable, action that's reasonably well choreographed and brought to life in a satisfying ...
Very bad how they skip forward so quickly without even showing important details.. . They even totally miss out on fights that could have been really epic like when the demon protector hooded guy encounters one of the demon hunters that is looking for the kids.. That could have been a really epic fight.. . Still watching though so I'm curious about what's waiting for me.. . I just wish they didn't skip fast through the exciting scenes and then they show you the full length of the happy, boring normal stuff that the kids do.. . If you're looking for a series with epic fights I wouldn't recommend watching Promised Neverland.
Outstanding visually and musically, as you'd expect from a SAO movie. However the story feels very lacking. Where Aria of a Starless Night felt like an amazing retelling of the first two episodes of SAO, only greatly expanded and from Asuna's point of view that leaves you anticipating more, this story feels like a letdown of filler that doesn't seem to have any real attachment to the main series. The stakes don't feel dangerous at all in the primary plot, and the much more interesting secondary plot of the movie feels like just a little teaser to keep you interested for what MIGHT come ...
I did enjoy the begging of the show. It's clearly a satire on a lot of Shonen and it felt a bit in the vain of Konosuba or one punch man. Definitely not as good as those but very enjoyable however.. . The end 4 episodes is just all lame fights and unnecessary villain back story and Mash being like "you seem ok" despite them explicitly stating thee goals are mass murder and eugenics which is basically what the whole world was stopping the Axis powers lead by Germany from doing in WW2.. . Sure the joke of people reacting to Mash was still there but 30 ...
what made the later half of the original trigun so shocking and really made you feel for vash was how before every episode had such a happy and optimistic ending. you really do become deluded with the same idea that vash has that no one has to die and when that's ripped away it hits both you and vash like a train. the good guys in stampede almost never win. it becomes expected that something bad is gonna happen and when it does, i feel nothing.. . a huge part of the original that's mostly absent here is the legend that follows vash the stampede which is ...
This must be, without a doubt, the most absurd and trashiest anime I have ever laid eyes upon.. It is so ridiculous and worst of all, it kinda works? Like, I'm 95% convinced that it's a genius parody of Harem anime and not just an entertaining pile of burning sh*t by accident.. . Usually, I wouldn't be able to recommend this to your average casual anime enjoyer, but we're on MAL, this already filters out 99% of casual anime fans, so chances are, the person reading this could see the humor in this degenerate and beyond shameless show as I did.. . Horrible in the <s>good</s> entertaining kind ...
I agree with everything the reviewers who didn't recommend seeing it were able to write, but I won't be so harsh. I originally dropped watching during the story line with the boss because it pissed me off beyond belief. I've never seen worse garbage in the form of a human being, maybe it's because as a Central European I just don't meet people with that character in leadership positions, or very rarely. Then I gave it two more chances and finished watching it. The premise and first few episodes had promise, but it got more and more absurd as time went on. I would have ...
If you appreciate the original and desire more of its stylish, intense action, as well as a hint of violence and flair, then you will be motivated to watch this. To derive similar enjoyment, you should approach it with the same expectations as the first installment. However, if you deviate from those expectations, the flaws become glaringly apparent and are likely to invite your disapproval.. . In essence, this is a continuation of the previous narrative, with Afro now in possession of the Number 1 Headband he obtained from Justice in the original's climax. Afro must reclaim the headband from Lady Sio and thwart her plans. The ...
This is surprising and frustrating. Surprising in that it is a pretty great animation showcase, particularly when it comes to the mechas. Frustrating in that shockingly little of the 6 minute runtime is dedicated to the original series, despite the basis for producing this being the 25 year anniversary of that series. It’s been a while since I played the card game and watched the show, but it’s disappointing to see scant little to actually commemorate Yu-Gi-Oh, even in terms of cameos of the original characters or monsters (with a few exceptions in the latter). I get that this is more of a demo reel ...
A calm mind, a light and crispy anime once more. I can say that I had quite some fun watching it, but I also got bored from time to time. However, it can help pass the time. The general theme is about 'a player in a VRMMO world who doesn't want to attract attention but constantly becomes the center of attention,' and they have managed to handle the topic with above-average success. They haven't exaggerated themselves with big mysteries or absurdly long storylines. The series has generally remained balanced, but please, stop using 3D engines in your animations; they look terrible. Either draw them or ...
To sum it up:. . The first episode was good. . The second episode was good. . The rest has been censored. . This fascinating tale of a man who loves hot springs and his mission to spread the holy word of hot spring enjoyment is a thrilling masterpiece that can only be encapsulated by the phrase, "Take off your clothes. Become fully naked!" This fantastically told story has opened my eyes to the wonders of hot springs and I expect more and more knowledge of different hot springs to be shared. The characters are not unique, but this does not take away from the enjoyment of the art, music, and voice acting.. . HOWEVER, ...
6.5/10. I enjoyed watching, but I would say it's probably not for everyone. So, overall:. . - Good plot, it´s interesting, it makes you want to watch the next episode as soon as possible because you just can´t wait to see if the protagonist will be able to save her friend;. . - It's a comforting show, in the way that it mixes sci-fi, through the time travelling thing, with school life and all the clichés that come along with it; however, it's not another cute high school romance, it talks about very deep and emotional topics, such as depression and suicide; plus, the animation is very pretty and it ...
yeah yeah this was a show. . story - 2. shit was donkey horse raddish, i think a 3 is too high aswell. this is just a "funny" fan service show, that I LOVE! IM A GOONER HOW COULD YOU TELL?. . fan service 10/10!!!! - I LOVE THIS SHOW FOR THE SOLE PURPOSE OF BOOBIES N SHIT!. . average 10 and 2 and you get 5. so i'll go with a 4.. would never watch this shit again. ...
Blue Seagull is a collection of things that happen in sequence, and I'm pretty sure that some of them are connected to each other.. . This is a movie that is bad. On basically every level it is bad. The best part of the movie is probably the animation, which I would describe as "charmingly primitive." Characters are semi-competently designed, in that they are very distinguishable, and while the whole thing is rife with awkward stilted action, it's not that much worse than a lot of shows it was contemporary with. On regular occasions, the program switches to the kind of CGI that wouldn't look out of ...
I have no idea what is going on in this show?? It’s so insanely edgy it feels like some middle school wattpad fanfiction with equal amount of cringe to match it. The world is rich but not explored, the history is complex but not explained at all, the main characters are all bland mary-sues with no personality, and the plot itself is extremely unclear. Honestly even serious moments make me laugh because this show is so ridiculous. The animation is good though. Whatever website told me this was like Golden Kamuy is absolutely insane for that. Dunno if this will grow on me but I’m ...
In the world of Afro Samurai, the desire to overthrow bigger and tougher figures and claim dominance in the neighborhood drives the narrative. The story revolves around macho confrontations with a brutal resolution, where the protagonist seeks revenge against the man who killed his father when he was a child.. . It stands out for its style that remains captivating throughout the protagonist's journey through challengers. The creative design features an irreverent world where rocket launchers are as common as daggers in close combat, and the main character dons 18th-century oriental bell bottoms. Even the antagonists take the form of a menacing Pentecostal sect with sermons reminiscent ...
Definitely a title worth trying to watch, of course many people might dislike it, but i think even more will think quite the opposite.. . It's a story that is really, and i mean REALLY relatable to some relationships, that started kind of weird, or one of the parties were hurt in the past by their last partner (ex). Many couples needs to know each other for a long to be together, some just take few minutes, or even first glance.. . This Anime give's me vibe of another one, Golden Time. While it surely gave off that vibe almost through out the whole story, especially at the ...
The second season of Kagejitsu is quite a bit better than the first. It's still just chibi shorts but they're way less chliché and actually add a bit to the main anime now.. . The events in the shorts are about a detail or theme from the episode of the main anime with the same number. This means that the best time to watch a short is after finishing an episode but you can also just watch them later if you forget. The humor is all in all quite enjoyable.. The characters are the seven shadows and all of them get some attention. The animation is about ...
Little girl flees from her village, after being outcasted for not having special powers, starting then a journey in the wilderness, while accompanied by a tiny slime she found and tamed in the way. Now we follow their adventures, fighting monster and exploring the world while trying to not get discovered and caught by her pursuers.. . Its a cute little show, with an simple premise, and an interesting mystery about her hidden powers, while also being kinda entertaining to watch how she deals with the whole surviving and fleeing thing. Tho its kinda annoying how it skips over her survival training, just excusing her well versed ...
This movie raises a thought of what you want to do and how you want to spend your life. This movie tells you the importance of time and the importance of the memories spent with our loved ones. It nicely portrayed the way a person puts effort to make a change in life because a sudden person who entered your life made you realise the value of that change in your life.. . The emotion you get to feel about your loved ones going far away from you or leaving you alone in this world is something unique to everyone and can't be described in words. The ...
This OAV is really a son of the Japan's bubble economy of the mid 80s, because there's no real way such a thing like this will be produced, made and sell (i don't have many informations on this expect is a special taken from a magazine) in stores if not by greasy methods. It's a amateurish series of random perverted skits by various and sometimes very uncanny situations (magician skit already mentioned by all other previous reviewers), but it's a just pretty bland anime in my opinion.. The "Midi" funky BGM is cool, as well as some skits made me chuckle in a childish ...
Anime is decent. My issue with the anime is that it's repetitive, the mc is not interesting, the mc has no character development, the plot is cliche and the premise of the whole story doesn't make sense. But if you can look past all that the romance is not bad. Wouldn't say it was a waste of time but wouldn't rewatch it again.. . I think if you are very critical of romance anime this one isn't for you as the plot doesn't have much depth but if you are looking for an anime with some romance than it may be more to your liking.
#5. . Everything about this anime screams "Fine". It's not really a standout, and to be honest, doesn't use the themes and idea's very effectively. The idea that a Shepard can see the future, was only used about twice in the show. It would've been better if that feature was touched on a bit more, and it's kind of a let down that it wasn't. A Good Librarian has fun characters, and the first episode was actually a great introduction. But, after that, it just wasn't the same. Even though the Shepard idea was cool, the significance of one just lurks in the shadow. The big "twist" ...
I loved the first season, so I was looking forward to seeing this second season.. A quick disclaimer, I did rewatch the first season before watching the second season, mainly because I had forgotten much of what had happened in the first season and had mixed up the plots between it and Bibliophile Princess, but thanks to that I was able to better compare the two seasons.. . The reality is, season 2 is just not as good as season 1, the first episode is good, the ending is great, it has a few good moments here and there, but overall it has far too many problems and ...
Bokurano often incorporates shock value through the portrayal of child abuse. It is often referred to as Narutaru mk2 as both share a common theme. In Narutaru, children face torment and misery with a Pokémon-like twist, while Bokurano introduces the same distressing elements with colossal robots.. . Initially, this approach garnered attention, but subsequent releases like Madoka Magica, Rainbow, Made in Abyss, and Re:Zero have diluted the uniqueness of such shows. Despite this, a subset of anime fans continues to derive sadistic pleasure from narratives that relentlessly subject characters to suffering, using justifications of realism, depth, or maturity.. . The plot of Bokurano fails to impress, with children piloting ...
I start watch S1 this year. And then S2. Episode 5 for now. I watch the Japanese dub😅 because that's what I usually watch. Maybe I will explore more donghua original later.. . I try to watch this because The seiyuu I know is the VA😅 It's my first donghua and I do not read the novels etc. The genre is my fave genre, magic fantasy battle.. . The story. Not to hard to follow. But I still can't remember some of their name.. Tried watch the English dub too. But no subtitles. I need English or my native sub.. . The animation is nice. The original music is good.
It seems that the Fate curse strikes again. I personally love Fate animes, and this is no exception, but in an objective view this has many problems with it that may affect how good of a viewing experience this is. It has a really good premise like most Fate installments do, really good choice of characters, and top notch animation. However, like most Fate animes, the more you watch, the more it falls apart. In the first half of Fate Aprocrypha, it was solid, but it gets really iffy going through. Im going to try to keep this spoiler free so I wont be able ...
Too vague, too messy, that's what I would say if I had to give a quick review in 4 words. Now it might be a bit too early to say that but I am going to change this review should I change my mind.. . Story - 5/10:. I am sure the story isn't poorly written but if there is one thing that is for sure then that it is hard to get behind it, even after 4 episodes. Now that might be because I am an idiot or that it's just all a bit too messy. From episode 1 the show keeps you on the hook ...
Seasonal Isekai. Kind of your typical seasonal isekai. You have the obligatory busty female characters, the op protagonist, and anti-climatic death pre-reincarnation. The animation is kind of mid in terms of the quality from frame to frame. Not a lot of detail, but consistent and clean. In terms of the few action scenes we get... it actually look pretty decent. Characters don't really have any depth to them, but they're decently likable, and amusing. The story is really bog standard. No real world building, and the story itself has very little depth or substance. Pacing is fine, a little slow at times, but not to ...
Just take this as a hot take, because im going to review way very different than other reviews so far (Maybe later we have more reviews). . First at all, it started very weak this season, I don't know i was hyped in last season and waiting this for like 2 or 3 years i dont know maybe less than that or more than that. But anyway, i was hyped really hard. But first episode in this season is throw me off really hard. I'm okay with scene when Mc going to school/Academy (im sucker this trope) but COOKING? I know that lead to char dev but ...
Objectively speaking, not very good, especially the animation quality is pretty terrible.. . However.. . I was really entertained by how the rival school is going full on into LARPing territory with their shtick. You know how some anime will have "the prince of the school" or something? This school has a rugby club leader they treat like a prince (one guy would likely do anything for his sake, and frequently gets down on his knees to like, just give him a towel) and their club room has a large round table they all gather around, and it's located presumably in the Sistine chapel, if the decoration ...
Had high hopes for this anime, the concept on showing the dark side of being an idol and social media with the contrast of the bright colors you can see in the art is very interesting. The opening music video ( https://myanimelist.net/anime/55016/Idol ) is a 10/10 which helped with the hype for the show, and the 1st episode which is a double special can stand on it's own as a 10/10 as well, so I think the anime got such a good rating early on because of that. So what happens from here?. . Starting from the MC (main character), is such a breath of fresh air ...
ENG/ESP Review on Sousou no Frieren. Contains no spoilers.. . ENGLISH:. . These last days Sousou no Frieren has attained a godlike status in the animanga pantheon similar to shows like Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood, Cowboy Bebop, Code Geass and more, a reputation in which any negative critique or feedback will be negatively-received, making the critic to look like a contrarian or a lunatic by even daring to say anything remotely negative about any of these series; no more than a few months away from release and still ongoing, Sousou no Frieren has gained the first spot of all time on MAL and it is a complete social phenomena, the manga ...
the saga of One Punch Man continues, beckoning us to dive deeper into the whimsical world of Saitama and his comical cohorts.. . Having savored the delightful concoction that was the first season, I embarked upon Season 2 with eager anticipation, brimming with hopes of laughter and mirth.. . And yet, as the episodes unfurled before me like the petals of a wilting flower, I found myself grappling with a sense of disquiet—a nagging suspicion that all was not as it seemed.. . Ah, but let us delve into the heart of the matter, shall we?. . Firstly, the character development of our ensemble cast proved to be a beacon of light ...
gotta be honest, i thought this turned out to be really overhyped. like mannn i really wished i liked this more.. . it looked undeniably beautiful the whole time and i felt immersed in its world it presented.. the length of this movie is soo peculiar because it felt like this movie never really justified its length. the story was soo shallow and melodramatic. whiny characters. every 5 minutes some certain character just start yappin about the mistakes they made in the past and complain how much they hate their lives.. . its very annoying storytelling and feels forced. and you're getting this experience for 2 hours. ...
Pretty unique story setting. So much parody in it but it was enjoyable. Glad to watch the version subbed by "MahjongSoulless" because they explained the references (or else I won't get the majority of it) but their translation is pretty trash (I think they did it purposely for entertainment?). . I watched this anime because I missed the OP mahjong series "Saki". I hope they continue to create more of Saki. Speaking of Saki, this parody anime played Saki's ending song "Netsuretsu Kangei Wonderland" in the 1st episode as the ending song (bringing back the nostalgia and the joy in me - because I watch this anime ...
Worse than the first season by far.. . I liked the first season of "Banished From The Hero's Party", I am not disliking this because I just hate the series, I actually liked season 1, but the second season just became stagnant with no real cohesive narrative holding it together that it becomes flat out boring.. This is mainly because it lacks a decent antagonist that drags decent drama, like how the antagonistic mage "Ares Srowa" pushed the story along for the first season, season 2 doesn't have a clear cut antagonist and it is on episode 4 which is ridiculous.. Moreover, season 2 lacks that drive ...
This season is a big downgrade to previous ones.. . Main reason is that Sakanayagi is just not a good villain. Compared to Ryuuen, there just isn’t a reason to feel any dread from her when she appears on screen. We are 5 episodes deep and I already forgot what led up to the latest episodes. They are that boring. It’s been mostly dialogue and the payoff for the latest arc didn’t feel satisfying as it seemed such a trivial matter.. . We are exploring other characters this season, but they just aren’t as interesting as Kushida, Horikita, and Karuizawa, so frankly, it makes for a detached ...
This is the first anime I ever watched so it holds a special place in my heart. It is a comfort show to me for that reason but as I’ve gotten older and have seen many more anime’s that I loved for various reasons besides it being the first one I’ve; going back to it I didn’t find as much enjoyment I agree it was problematic in numerous ways.. . I would recommend it to people but would warn them that there’s some interesting to say the least scenes, “jokes”, and terms used. I’m not sure if it’s different in sub and was some sort of weird ...
This anime was quite good. But if you ask me it's a masterpiece or not I will definitely say NO.. ANIMATION. The animation was gorgeous and amazing. Its an 10/10 for the animation. No problems with it. STORY. In some places, the story felt boring but the last 4 eps were really good. The story progressed quite a lot in these eps and it was fun to watch too. But in the middle of the anime I felt bored due to the lack of story progression. The plot was a quite wierd. There are a lot of wierd things in the romance genre ...
I'll try to keep this review succinct and to the point.. . This series has both it's positives and it's negatives. Let's start with the negatives. I cannot speak for the source material but this show's pacing feels very slow and I almost wanted to stop watching during episode 2 because of how boring it got. I tried to give this show a chance so I watched 4 episodes but it's still largely disappointed me. I think the biggest problem this series has is that the main cast are dull and unfunny. Another series from the fantasy genre like Konosuba does a significantly better job with it's ...
I don't think this show is that bad, honestly. From the frontal poster and taking few photos of the game, it looks like a decent mobile game of some guy on a yellow scooter with a cute girl shooting things. From the outside, it looks like fun. A fun and mindless Anime.. . Honestly, this is what I think it should've been. Fun and mindless with a somewhat of a backdrop for a story. Though, the plot does slow things down and not much action. This is where I think the problem lies. It wants to be a "Neon Genesis Evangelion" complexity whereas it should've been wacky ...
I played ps4g and wanted more context to the popular accomplice ending in that game, the ending in that game was super distressing while in the anime, not so much. Firstly the animation of this series is overall below average, secondly, they didn't add enough to the original persona 4 game accomplice route. Playing the game would basically give 98% of the info in this episode so sadly this episode didn't really do its job well and that combined with the sub-par animation and the fact that the game executed the scene a lot better and made it more distressing makes this a bad anime ...
Okay.. So this anime is rather uhum- interesting. I don't mean this in a bad way either. Sure the ploty is iffy and a bit boring but I mean I'm pretty sure we all expected that. The anime wasn't bad and the art animation were good, the characters while looked pretty could've definitely been fleshed out more. It wasn't even like the protag was 3D and the others were 2D, they all had pretty equal screentime which means they were okay just not good. The fan service was okay to me, and I'm saying this as a fujo. It wasn't all that great. The relationships ...
I didn't expect much from Gift: Eternal Rainbow, but it turned out to be better than I thought. The story follows a well-known formula of a love triangle between childhood friends and a male protagonist. Despite this, the plot is engaging and manages to avoid being boring.. . The art is commendable, with well-drawn figures that blend seamlessly into the scenes. The characters are also skillfully drawn, which contributes to the overall quality. The sound elements are integrated well, establishing the right atmosphere for each situation. The soundtrack plays a crucial role in enhancing the viewing experience.. . The characters are not unique and follow typical genre tropes, making ...
I initially wanted to watch this series two weeks ago but held it back for a while because I wanted to watch and review all the drama/thriller movies about some surgeon killing young girls to implant their skins on a relative of his who suffered some accident that I could find before this one series. Was it worth it? No, but not because of this show, but rather because most of those films were quite crappy.. . Besides a somewhat similar premise though, Huang Yan goes in a completely different direction, as it starts with the main character having several surgeries done to her because of all ...
In a world where kids with 0 attention span consumes anime like fast food or fast fashion and only watches hyped shows with big titles like solo levelling for instance, this anime is truly a gem. Honestly the rating doesn't do justice to this anime at all.. . The storytelling is laid-back and coordinated well, It doesn't bombard you with unnecessary information and the world-building doesn't confuse you at all if you actually pay attention to what's on the screen.. . If you are not interested in at least getting to know the characters and connecting with them, then this anime is not for you. If you come here ...
With all the other isekai / villainess options out there, this one really falls short of the mark. The MC's are not compelling, the art style turns me off (personal preference), and the plot pacing is inconsistent and not compelling. I've tried to watch this two times and both times couldn't make it past the first few episodes. I would rather spend time on Hamefura / Raeliana / Doctor Elise / 7th Time Loop, which all have similar tropes but higher quality execution. That being said, if you've run out of viewing material and just need to kill time, maybe this one can help with ...
Title: Shy: A Thoughtful Blend of Shounen and Shoujo, Focused on Heartfelt Drama. . Shy is a unique anime that skillfully treads the line between shounen and shoujo, offering viewers a refreshing and engaging experience. With a reluctant but determined hero at its center, the series combines good animation with a narrative that leans towards drama rather than action, creating a distinctive and emotionally resonant story.. . The animation quality in Shy is commendable, providing a visually appealing backdrop to the unfolding drama. While not necessarily groundbreaking, the animation serves the story well, capturing the essence of both shounen and shoujo elements without compromising on quality.. . What sets Shy apart ...
I thought this was promising adaptation of a story I enjoyed as a manga. However, I think it stayed too much in the starter town and left us a glimpse of the next arc to tease us.. . At least it isn't just a single season advertisement for the light novel. It actually has a second season. But it may have dragged its introductory arc too long to interest me for the next season.. . The animation is mid, but at least the staff was able to maximize it for the storytelling. Fran is likeable as a character, and I enjoy the running joke that the eponymous sword dotes ...
Pon-thetic.. . I was personally quite interested in The Way of Pon when it was first announced. A cute-girls-doing-cute-things low-stakes slice-of-life anime about a bunch of insanely cute girls, who were designed by the mangaka behind The Quintessential Quintuplets, hanging out and playing Mahjong. Unfortunately, cute character designs are the beginning and the end of my interest in this show and my investment doesn’t span over four episodes.. . Not that you’ll be able to watch this anime if you live in the UK. Because this is an Amazon Prime Original if you live in a certain region then fuck you. As of the time of writing you’re ...
It's a generic overpowered character in another world show. As a result, it has similar problems of the other examples for creating a big threat to keep watchers on nerve. But as a surprising fact the main character has a mindset to be seen as a background character during showing his face. On the other hand, he acts like a character has the entire control of the situation. So, he performs roleplay of different architypes to fulfil his desire and this character trait of his is the main premise of the show to be honest. Because of this trait the show starts to differ from ...
This anime was quite good and was very funny I liked this anime until I saw a character called Aqua. Aqua is so anoying. wtf is wrong with her. I just feel very sad for the mc because of aqua. If the waifu in this anime was zero two or megumin it should definetly deserve a 10 out of 10 and should win the anime of the year. But this got ruined because of the character called aqua. Why does she exist. She is just existing and doing trash things. why couldnt the Mangaka change the Waifu to Megumin? The worst part of this anime ...
As you watch K-ON!, you get a real sense that many of the people behind it really don't care about music at all. The instruments are animated correctly (which is less common than one might expect) - there is a clear talent on display from the animation team. As far as the writing is concerned, however, the characters may as well not be in a band together. The band doesn't practice on-screen, the songwriting process is glossed over. The band doesn't even play a song together on-screen until five episodes in. Nothing at all happens in this anime. This isn't merely because the stakes are ...
It starts strong, has an interesting premise, hooks you with a bit of mystery and plenty of suspense, but it being 3 short episodes doesn't allow much of anything. It's completely stunted, plot/character relationships and development feel incredibly rushed, and I truly hated the last episode's outcome - even moreso for how rushed it was. Precious moments are wasted throughout the ovas recollecting on stuff to attempt to flesh out characters/their backgrounds, but it really doesn't work what-so-ever given how little time there is to truly tell anything. They should have done more show than tell in those instances. I honestly can't see what the ...
Genocyber embodies the campy, self-indulgent extremes of ultraviolence which anime of the 80s and 90s were often wont to go, pushing the envelope in terms of gore and visceral detail to the point where it is now infamous for its fleshy fanaticism, even among those who haven't seen it. However, when you scrape away the blood and grime, Genocyber is at its heart a wildly inconsistent OVA, with a complicated yet incomprehensible story, clothed in a maverick art direction that's a love letter to Geiger and Carpenter. In this way, it's a bit of an enigma. Is it enough to praise it on creative vision ...
Kiss Him, Not Me - An interesting and good time…if you’re the right audience.. . Story: 7. Remember how I said it’s good if you’re the “right audience?” Yeah, this is really where it matters. Essentially, this overweight/obese otaku gets so sad when her favorite character dies that she ends up not eating for a week, causing her to magically lose weight and become pretty. Once she becomes super pretty, hot boys + girl go after her, but she only gets happy when the boys pursuing her have some kind of fanservice moment (or when the other girl joins in on their little fantasy or whatever). If you’re ...
If u watch pick up at episode 70 of Boruto as Boruto 1-69 is covered by the movie.. . The movie is good, however if you watch the movie instead of the episodic version (eps. 1-69 of Boruto), you miss so many details and character developments. There is a whole scene at the end fight scene that was removed even though it shows how Boruto got a mark on his hand (which is important later in the anime). . So if you want not miss important details, watch the episodes. If you just want to jump into the middle of Boruto and skip the academy stuff, but don't mind ...
Yamato Nadeshiko Shichi Henge is a parody on contemporary shoujo anime that subverts the yamato nadeshiko archetype. Characters such as Haruhi Fujioka, Tohru Honda, and Sunako Nakahara introduce some interesting deviations from the norm.. . At first, the series is extremely enchanting with excessive humour but soon fails to retain its charm as a poor structure of the plot is masked by comedic cover-ups. The odd premise with socially awkward Sunako and the charming male characters wears thin and the storyline falls short.. . Though criticized for its flaws, it can be an enjoyable watch by satirizing shoujo archetypes. The evolving story resonates on a personal level, reflecting common ...
Naruto: Shippuden was a good sequel. It provided something for Naruto fans to look forward to every week for about ten years. By the end, the viewers seemingly parted with their favourites for one last time... and then Boruto was announced almost in the same week. This, once again, was a source of nostalgia for those who grew up with it, and once again, was a complex show with tons of let-downs for many who did not start off their consumption of narrative media with Naruto.. . The first arc is probably better than the entirety of the prequel series (that's just a joke, it was just ...
I felt like I was watching the anime the anime character is supposed to watch inside the anime itself to avoid copyright laws.. . The overall concept is great, but it's an anime heavily dependent on interesting and unique characters, which becomes a problem when the characters have little to know identifiable traits and are just bland, boring, and cliche. There really isn't anything inherently wrong with this show, it's just your generic romance, and there are some instances where it is above-average in the entertainment department, but they never did anything to flesh out any aspect of the series. Not to mention, the conflict between Gekko ...
How does one fumble a 10/10 Masterpiece, into a 7/10 (being generous)? Well... Do like this manga.. . This manga is almost like Rose of Versailles, but in a high school setting. Some of the characters even look like the people from Rose of Versailles. It even touches upon classism and has a revolution. It brilliantly does so in a high school sorority setting to touch on more issues. The issues of bullying, the issues of wanting to fit in, the issues of classism, etc. It goes even deeper into the feelings of abandonment and jealousy. It does these ...
When people look at Naruto, they tend to look at it through the rose-tinted glasses of nostalgia. And while that's fine, unfortunately, for someone who did not grow up with it, for someone whose major piece of media consumed was not Naruto, it mostly turns out to be just fine.. . The show starts off well - all the characters are shown to work towards a common goal, the goal of being a great shinobi. There are some pervy jokes thrown around here and there, but the story is mostly made to appeal to those who can relate to the childish aspect of the characters, the ...
Kimi no Koto ga Daidaidaidaidaisuki na 100-nin no Kanojo (2023). . It's kind of a pain to watch and not as funny as I had hoped. What it is though is mega cringe. It's the creepiest cringe show I have watched in a long time. This is because only from what I see in the source material less than 30 of the girls are shown and this show has introduced 6 of them so far.. . Of the 6 we have a weird combination:. - Hakari who is overly sexual with someone she met immediately goes for it.. - Karane who is the most stereotypical Tsundere going.. - Shizuka ...
QUICK REVIEW:. . This is essentially extremely degenerate softcore lesbian bondage porn mixed with a "subversive" but otherwise generic mahou shoujo plot that is just good enough to be funny and watchable, but not good enough to be...well...good.. . The main sell beyond the ecchi is that the main character is very emotive and likeable. However, a lot of the other Magical girls and characters in the show are kind of bland so far. The generic flying mascot character even knows it's supposed to be generic, and the evil organization really is just unironically evil for no explicable reason so far. It would not be entirely inaccurate to ...
This show is pretty good all things considered. It has a good story that is great at warming your heart and making you feel good inside, and the characters aren't written badly. I can see why people that can behind the show rate it so highly, but after 10 episodes of this, I find that I just can't stick with it to the end.. . I think the real reason I dropped it, is because of its episodic nature, but distinctly because of just how slow the story progresses, and how slow the plot feels like its developing. Even a slice of life can show a bit ...
Season 2 begins with heightened drama, continuing directly from where Season 1 left off. It explores Negi's father's intense battle with a vampire, injecting an epic quality into the storyline. The narrative then shifts to Negi receiving the assignment to teach in Japan, establishing a more serious tone compared to Season 1.. . It introduces all 31 girls at once, creating a whirlwind of personalities. Remembering names becomes challenging, with some characters lacking depth. Asuna's character may seem less appealing due to perceived foolishness. It delves deeper into character backgrounds, enhancing lovability, with exceptions.. . The initial focus on a vampire plot sidelines Asuna, leading to suspenseful episodes before ...
Definity a love/hate mentality with this one. Pretty pretty mixed feelings. Altough i did somewhat like this and could maybe, very unlikely recommend this, this has to be a mixed feelings to not recommend.. . First thing off my head is the love triangle or love square that is done ok, meh. I did not like the fact that we as watchers already knew what was going to happen. It's common is these types of romance/ semi harem, but the way the anime spends a lot of time with these other characters is crazy. We spend Alot of time with these characters and to then just ...
umm I've changed my mind. . Why is the anime focusing on other characters beside mc? I don't like this now .. . Why is mc more Japanese al of a sudden? they cut off his cool character and made him another generic Japanese simp mc with no brain,. . Won't be surprised if mc falls on joohe's boobs by accident and start blushing.. . WHY do they keep talking? this is ridiculous!!!!!!. . ...
I didn't drop this show, the show dropped itself. one month since ep 11 released and now ep 12. oof. . This is typical modern day Japanese production at its best, er worst.... . Story was kinda interesting, but ruined when the "animation" was just a png of the pig sliding across the screen to indicate running.... . At the end of the day, at least this anime can attach itself to the legacy of our favorite deer-tree, as all her design assets can be traced back to the light novel this was based off of.... . Man, I love Fauna, but man, I hated this show.
When the fans of Digimon Adventure watched the return of the series eight years ago in the Tri movie series and later in Last Evolution Kizuna, they felt something not minor was largely missing: the members of the second generation of chosen children and protagonists of the second season of the series 02. Where were they? How could they be ignored just like that? Not only by the writers, but also by the 01 members themselves? If they had already been introduced, were part of the universe and had already achieved enough relevance after having enjoyed an entire series dedicated to them? Was the class ...
It's an okay watch but nothing more than that. Writers expect us to think this dude to be top negotiator, but he does as much negotiating as James Bond does gardening. But he is a badass. We are told that constantly and he will even prepare gadgets and gear for some dangerous action but the moment you start thinking about it you realize he did all of that so you can see ho badass he is. No other reason.. . I'd love to say characters are great, but in reality we are introduced some characters which do absolutely nothing than appear in one or two episodes and ...
Dayu (or Big Storm) is a rather unheard of Chinese donghua that just came into Canadian theatres for some reason, but after stumbling upon it on MAL a month ago I figured I'd check it out. It's a creative piece of media with stunning visuals, interesting worldbuilding, great voice acting, and an incomprehensible storyline. Nonetheless, it's a captivating and charming movie that reflects the unique Chinese donghua industry as it continues to grow, and while I wouldn't outright recommend it, I wouldn't discourage anyone from watching it either.. . Story (4/10). The story of Dayu is extremely hard to follow, especially for those who don't already know the ...
The previous two works were so impressive that they were not as great as expected.. However, Makoto Shinkai is a good movie to watch in a movie theater because he always makes reliable works.. However, it is a pity that the narrative between the male and female protagonists is not very fateful and touching.. I didn't have much charm to feel about the female protagonist.. The musical element was always handled by Red Wimpus, a good song, so it was a Trek that seemed to fit the movie genre.. I hope his next work will come back with a more moving story.. Especially Koreans say this. "Suzume is too AerlSaPPa*.". . AerlSaPPa* - ...
Pretty much each episode is a race to the bottom, the darker, the better. In the name of bloodfest targets would just stay still and wait while their enemy readies himself to butcher them. It looks like clowns have a civil war - absurdity, gore, unmotivated violence, etc. One "interesting" thing that this story have is a carnage spectacle.. . If you cant find yourself laugh at this madness and stupidity I doubt you can enjoy it. And even with that after some time it become boring and repetitive, as there is nothing interesting beside gore and madness.. . Every other side of this anime production quality is ...
I went into this series completely blind and have to say that I am pretty glad I did. The series revolves heavily around the concept of suicide which by all means is not an easy topic to address.. . The series starts out pretty strong with its first few opening episodes by establishing the world’s setting and characters. However, the story’s narrative did leave much to be desired The primus of analyzing suicide through a country’s legal system is certainly an interesting way to put this topic on display.. . At the beginning of the show, the main characters were put into a situation where they were ...
Cowboy Bebop is often told to be one of the greatest anime of all time, and is frequently considered to be great for people who hate anime. While it excels in many areas, it also has some severe flaws. There are some excellent episodes of the show, but also some incredibly boring ones. In this review, let's start with the good qualities.. . Animation: 10. . The animation and art in Cowboy Bebop is absolutely amazing. The quality puts just about every other anime, including many high-budget Studio Ghibli films, and even modern anime to shame. The frames per second seems to be higher than other anime, and the ...
Title: A Charming Blend of Fantasy and Romance: Saint Cecilia and Pastor Lawrence Review. . Saint Cecilia and Pastor Lawrence is a delightful addition to the world of casual fantasy romance anime, offering a heartwarming and consistently charming viewing experience. With average animation, the series focuses on its endearing characters and the blossoming romance that unfolds between them, making it an ideal choice for fans of slice-of-life narratives.. . The animation quality, while not groundbreaking, serves its purpose in bringing the fantastical world of Saint Cecilia and Pastor Lawrence to life. While it may not boast the visual spectacle of some high-budget productions, the series compensates with its attention ...
I wasn't planning om writing a review about this show in the first place, but then I decided to write one to help fellow users to make their decision whether or not they should watch it.. . This show is a mess with 2 halves completely opposite to each other. Its like they are directed by two separate teams or director decided to switch the way show is going to be during the airing phase.. . If you love chaos, nonsense in an anime or even just tired of an order in anime storyline, then you might like first half of the store. If you hate chaos, then second ...
I can't dispute the fact that this looks great, fantastic even. The background is almost a character in and of itself in how detailed it is and even the background characters are well-drawn.. The opening and ending themes are real bangers you can bop to as well.. Unfortunately, the plot is not doing it for me. The main character Arajin is so cringe at how he interacts with Senya. He talks, no yells, at him in public and people are like huh? I get it's done for laughs, but I hate the trope. Because of this the jokes are kind of falling flat.. But my biggest problem is ...
A dude gets Isekaied, and for his power, he chooses to bring his smartphone. I think that tells you everything you need to know about his personality,. . Given the long gap since the first season, I have literally forgotten any semblance of plot or character details due to the genericness of the first season. The second season didn't reintroduce any interesting plot elements or character quirks, likely because they aren't present in the first place. Rather it keeps going with a new plot with barely any background or setup.. . In terms of world building and storytelling, this anime literally feels like the creator threw a dart ...
Overall rating: 6/10. Oh my goodness gracious please read the manga. I love One Piece so much, I believe it has some of the best storytelling ever. But the anime has just so many drawbacks for me. It's not like I hate the anime, there are some things that are great about it, like the voice actors and the suspenseful music. But the pacing. I seriously cannot gripe about anything else but the pacing. It is truly atrocious. It took me a good 2-3 months after watching the first 150 episodes to try and watch anime again. But when I finally did, I was in utter ...
I will start by saying the fact that Yuki has hearing aids for show, and doesn't use them, bothers me more than it should.. . I mostly don't get who is this for. To me, it just seems like a bog-standard romantic shojo anime with the gimmick of the main girl being deaf. A Sign of Affection doesn't play around with what it is like to be deaf in any real way. For example, their language barrier lasts all of 3 minutes. It would have been cool to see him show her how to spread her wings after being locked away because the world is not accommodating ...
As an Anime, I liked it. As an Anime Adaption, I'm not so sure. I haven't marked this as spoiler, but the Anime ending is completely different to the Manga ending. Honestly, it felt like a scam when I discovered that the Manga and Anime went entirely different directions towards the end, and forced me to read Manga ending too. I'm not sure why exactly this was the case, perhaps there is a reason, such as the Animation studio trying to experiment 2 different endings and the Mangaka agreeing to it. But honestly, as a Manga and Anime consumer, I just want one single decisive ...
In a café, Sayuri and Yuuichi each have a coffee as classical music plays in the background. Sayuri asks Yuuichi whether he knows the tune being played, and it is Canon by Pachelbel. She describes how the melody recurs and with each repetition, adds more music to make it sound fuller and prettier. Sayuri wishes life were similarly like that.. . Kanon is an adaptation of an adult visual novel. This show, like its predecessors, Air and Clannad, is mature and sensitive. The characters are lively but not overwhelming, and they provide amusement rather than annoyance. It is moderate and balanced, with themes of memories, promises, and ...
This anime is an ephebophile grooming nightmare. If you're into that kind of thing: This anime is for you! If you aren't, but you're morbidly curious enough to watch it anyway, here's what you can enjoy about it:. . 1.) Umehara, Yuuichirou's voice (i.e. Keiya's VA).. That's admittedly a very subjective reason, but as a huge Umehara fan, this is what mainly drove me to keep watching until the end.. . 2.) Isaku's friends and the hostess.. Those three female side characters were surprisingly likeable! Because of Keiya and Isaku's huge lack of communication skills, the happy ending (provided you see it as such, considering the controversial nature of the relationship) ...
Even though this movie wasn't terrible, I find it to be an unnecessary inclusion to the Sailor Moon franchise. Looking at the release date, it's almost as if the employees at Toei Animation were like: "Oh shoot! We almost forgot to make a movie for this season! Uh... let's make it dream themed just like the regular show! We got to get it done before Christmas Eve!". . Putting my wacky theory on the movie's making aside, I do have to first address the obvious issue. Sailor Moon: Dream Adventure and its movie clearly focused way too much on Chibiusa. I don't hate this character. She was ...
STORY (6/10). It's ridiculous and kind of forced, the plot it's only there because they needed an excuse to create a series around it. It only matters in the last chapter. But is comprehensible because the main goal of the series is to be funny.. . ART (7/10). The art style is a pretty common one but is cute. The color palette is pretty boring at most times. There are a few characters whose designs are worth remembering. The animation is dynamic and funny. Also, sometimes they like to experiment with real photos and different art styles to make some gags.. . SOUND (7/10). The OST is kind of average but the ...
*** MINOR SPOILERS AHEAD ***. Note: My reviews are like a note for my future self. I try to not spoil anything in it, because in the case I want to rewatch the show, I don't want to know too much about it other than what I think I will remember or surface level details that don't really matter much. I just want to make sure my future self understands a bit of how I felt about it and why I gave this mark.. . Review start:. . Two words: thrash isekai. Surprised, aren't you? No? Okay, I wasn't as well. I knew what I would get myself into by ...
Not So Magical, But Definitely Muscular. . So, I finished binge-watching Mashle: Magic and Muscles, and honestly, my brain feels like it just did a hundred push-ups in a magical gym. It's like that friend who pumps iron while quoting Nietzsche - confusing, hilarious, and weirdly entertaining.. . Let's get the obvious out of the way: Mashle is about as subtle as a brick to the face. Our protagonist, Mashle, punches problems instead of casting spells, uses muscles bigger than his vocabulary, and has about as much emotional depth as a puddle. But hey, sometimes you just want a dude who solves everything with biceps and deadpan quips, right?. . The ...
Wow a sequel of a harem anime, what should i do, should i watch it? if this is your thought while reading this im recommending you not to watch it. Before i share my take on this anime i want to tell how and why am i watching this, back when KnK still new with season1, i was curious about the premise of having 2 girlfriends story, a bit new to me and i don't read the manga, so i come in blind. The result? "EWWW" i can't watch the season 1 seriously due to frequently i found myself cringing, hard cringing to the point ...
It's a good DBZ movie that explores the myth of the Legendary Super Saiyan. It delves into both the scenery and the characters, including the powerful force of the villain.. . The fight scenes are very good, with each character, even Piccolo, battling against Broly. The destruction of the scenery during the fight blended well and had various changes in terrain.. . It's a shame that in some scenes we see Goku being comedic, as this is a high-risk situation and there's no room for funny expressions, only seriousness.. . Vegeta and his interactions fit well with the context, as he's obviously more influenced by the tradition and myths of the ...
The first 2 parts of JoJo's Bizarre Adventures is one of the good animes I watched. Ofcourse you know it felt really wierd in the beginning, watching the wierd art style and old animation. But you know when the story started to progress it was cool. We don't really see the MC die quite early in a shounen anime. But JoJo did it. The characters were insane. You get to see some insane wierd characters in this anime but you know that insanity makes the story really cool. Just watch it its really cool but don't expect much from the art and animation. I will ...
This is a decent show. I'm just not sure why it exists. In the 90s, Sunrise tried to diversify the Gundam franchise away from the Universal Century continuity. G was a martial arts adventure. Wing gave its pilots more agency and focused on school life and the aristocracy as much as war. Turn A turned mobile suits into lost technology and dropped them into a pseudo-19th-Century setting. In that vein, Gundam X is ostensibly a post-apocalyptic story, which you think would open up opportunities for a different type of story. The problem is it doesn't take advantage of them.. . The first few episodes are promising. Cocky ...
So let me start off by saying this sequel is definitely not bad. Its nicely proggressing the story but the thing that doesnt sit right with me, is that the main premise of the show is gone, like actually gone.. Ichikawa was a dude who fantasized about murder etc at the beggining, then completely forgets about it.. He fantazised about killing Yamada, but this premise is gone which is understandable but not well executed imo, because it made the mc lowkey interesting.. All his little quirks like him thinking that hes like the special one in this world etc are also gone.. Not saying this Anime ...
Honestly? This part kind of sucks. I haven't yet watched the next parts, but compared to the first two Stardust Crusaders is a stinker.. . Story. Premise: 7/10. A group of people with superpowers go to fight The Bad Guy to save the main character's mother. It's simple, but it works, at least for the most part.. . Execution: 5.5/10. The strongest points are the beginning and the ending. The middle feels bloated, what with how many enemy stand users the main characters have to defeat. The first season is worse when it comes to the pacing, every episode introducing a new enemy. Some of them have interesting abilities that you won't ...
A show that is so amazingly good, only held down by it's lack of well made drama, that comes off as bland and milquetoast-esque, and it's very slow development throughout it's 12 episode run.. . First off, this is not a bad anime, it just does some things very poorly, which can lead to the viewer feeling pissed off by it's lack of focus on the central romance plot. Secondly, I rated this a 7, so it wasn't bad, but it is very annoying and frustrating how it has the potential to be a 10/10 show, but doesn't make use of nearly any of it's potential.. . All of ...
The concept is quite general, even though not many people use it, like in other anime with the same concept. Both of them have one thing in common, namely that there is a supernatural element in them. Of course, there are differences in how it is presented, and that also applies to this anime. This is necessary so that the anime remains attractive to the audience..  . The plot itself focuses on MC's school life at a school full of delinquents, and he is caught in a gang fight with other school students.The character designs in the anime are quite good, and the animation as a whole ...
Bleach: Sennen Kessen-hen. . After the first 3 episodes had actually impressed me and I immediately had to write a "positive" review about it, the remaining 9 episodes made me do the opposite. There was much talk about the anime fixing many of the manga's problems with changes and improvements. I'm still waiting for that. The intro of this season was decent, it built up suspense and curiosity and the studio did a good job of pacing. Unfortunately, everything changed with the beginning of the invasion of the Soul Society. From then on it was just a mediocre spectacle.. . . The Quincy invasion was a complete mindless act ...
Free! dominated the sports anime scene when it came out, and reigned supreme for quite awhile before being dethroned by Haikyuu. This show had an absolute chokehold on its fans, garnering obsession even before it was released.. . But...why? What about Free! was so captivating? The characters? The yaoibait? Or, perhaps, somehow, the sports?. . The answer is I have no idea, because it is one of the most nothingburger shows I have ever watched.. . First and foremost, this is a sports story that fails at being a sports story. The narrative of any good team sports story is about a team who wants to win and wants to compete, ...
i jumped into this show at season 3 and got the gist immediately: it's about the humiliating and demoralizing cycle of relationships and the failure to communicate between men and women. the lead character allows his obsessive, unrequited crush to degenerate him into true sociopathy, exploiting a rental girlfriend's family trauma so he can force himself into her most private, vulnerable moments. his sexual pathology - which drives this concurrent deification and objectification of his crush - is sketched out through racing, overanalytic thoughts ruminating over her every move, her every word. this brilliantly exposes the tragic and dangerous trajectory of unchecked, obsessive psuedo-love.. as a ...
The plot of this anime is intriguing, yet my initial concern lies with the main character's introduction, which comes off as somewhat irritating. However, I acknowledge that character development often unfolds over at least six episodes, so there's potential for improvement. The narrative seems reminiscent of 90s or early 2000s anime, though the main character's current nature is a drawback. The storyline, revolving around a person gaining random powers and using them carelessly, feels somewhat generic, with the character's motivation centered on an unconventional goal. While I don't inherently dislike this plot, it appears underutilized in the first three episodes. Some critics label the main ...
The main pairing lacks substance. Dare I say the 'B' word? Itsuomi bores me. He doesn't really have a personality other than the linguistic thing he has going on. He treats Yuki like she's a kid, which is evident in the scene in episode four where he covers her eyes so she can't see what Oushi is saying.. . In my opinion (I'm going to get shat on for this because people hate him), there is more potential between Oushi and Yuki. They have the whole childhood friends thing down, and I would prefer for that to be explored over Yuki and Itsuomi. When I think ...
D.Gray-Man traces the journey of 15-year-old Allen Walker as he strives to defeat the Millenium Earl, aided by his allies in the Black Order. Exorcists, members of the Order, aim to locate and safeguard scattered Innocence shards globally. The narrative revolves around the conflict between the Noah Clan, under the Earl's influence, and the Black Order.. . While its concept lacks originality and often feels like a dramatized Bible story with its strong Christian themes, it overcomes this preachiness through compelling character development. The initial episodes may seem dull, and a significant filler arc during the search for Marshall Cross disrupts the flow. It also falls into ...
My experience with The Café Terrace and Its Goddesses was very strange. I expected a lot from the fan service. I expected very little from the story. Ironically, everything was the opposite.. . In terms of ecchi, it is an anime, for experts in the genre, without much merit. Of course, the girls are cute, but nothing remarkable. Average ecchi level, leaning towards low. The strange thing is that, even though these girls don't show much skin, the animation quality makes them look gorgeous. Wow! These girls are beautiful! And the fan service scenes are well-received.. . In terms of story, while it is not a new work by ...
Kemonozume serves as a grand experiment in both animation and narrative. The storyline initially establishes a firm foundation, evolving into a suspenseful romance with a rapid influx of plot twists soon after the introduction. Yet, it is akin to a perplexing mind-bender, albeit in reverse, once it undergoes a narrative whirlwind. Allow me to elaborate. A compelling mind-bending show usually starts with a relatively comprehensible premise, gradually intensifying the mystery and dropping subtle clues, possibly enhancing the viewer's confusion, until everything clicks into place at the climax. However, this show resembles a fusion of FLCL, Saikano, and Higurashi: commencing as incredibly bizarre yet comprehensible, it ...
A very interesting folk-legend inspired horror show broken up by a mediocre slice of life. Definitely keep in mind that this is a fairly comedic show with some very serious bits. Slowly, the show matured more with the characters knowledge and that was something that made it more enjoyable. The attention to little details from the ghost stories when showing the spirits themselves was a very nice touch leaving me eager to know what parts of each urban legend were going to be true. Some of the urban legends were very interesting and unsettling, something some horror comedy animes fail to do.. Biggest gripe would be ...
Steins;Gate is a solidly produced anime that starts up a bit slow, but ramps up in its second half.. The story is predictable but the character relations make it work pretty well, with emotional payoffs at the right times.. Viewers who aren't accustomed to the usual time travel tropes can even get some extra enjoyment out of the show, since they might be surprised by most or all of the plot twists.. . If you don't set your expectations too high before going in and find carthatic emotional payoffs more satisfying than a stringent plot development you will be in for quite a good time.
Title: A Shounen Spectacle with Powerful Characters: Jujutsu Kaisen Season 1 Review. . Jujutsu Kaisen Season 1 delivers a high-energy, action-packed spectacle that caters to fans of the shounen genre. Bursting onto the scene with a punch, this anime offers a classic blend of supernatural battles, friendships, and powerful characters that will undoubtedly leave shounen enthusiasts satisfied.. . The strength of Jujutsu Kaisen undeniably lies in its characters. The protagonists are not just your average fighters; they are supercharged with incredible powers, making each battle a visual feast for fans. The development and growth of these characters throughout the season provide a satisfying narrative arc that keeps viewers invested ...
I got into Blue Exorcist a year ago, so I'm not blinded by nostalgia like most people. Nevertheless, It became one of my favorite anime, so I went and started reading the manga. When I found out season 3 was announced I was so excited because what we've seen animated so far (The first 4 episodes) are one of my favorite parts of the manga.. . But the anime disappointed me, a lot. They took out many scenes, memorable moments and things I thought were important to understand certain characters better. (I specially noticed this with Mephisto).. . Now I'm aware they changed the animation studios. I ...
The first 5 episodes are beautiful and I would rate a 10. The action scenes are the best I have ever seen, but the story is lackluster at best, with only a couple of meaningful parts in it that gets drowned out by all of the other nonsense.. . I give it a 10 for the first 5, a 10 for the action and a 4 for the story.. . It's 8 instead of a 7 because of Sukuna.. . . . MAL sucks and won't let me post this review, so here's whatever this is.. . Yuji is getting hunted by agent 47 because Sukuna morbs all over the place. Gojo got trapped in ...
the season sucked.it lacked content and was childish .but believe me this anime is a REAL GEM.. they are putting very much effort into the manga but the thing is that the anime wont make any impact due to these ABSOLUTE SHI*TY ANIMATIONS that's not suited for this anime. I mean it.go read the manga those who are not satisfied and you'll realize what I meant. the anime LACKS ORIGINALITY, ARTS, ELEMENTS, SUITABLE EFFECTS that is shown in manga. but above all the flaw is the arts.they are shown in the manga as in top quality yet in anime trashiest and sh*ttiest quality. they ...
What you see is what you get. This show revolves around its gimmick that Mia is acting selfishly and childishly to prevent dying again and people misunderstand her and think she’s some kind of mastermind. This moves all of the comedy and plot progression forward, and gets a bit stale by the end. While Mia does get some character development from the relationships she gains, because everything revolves around the premise that Mia happens to do the right thing by accident, she remains largely the same by the end of the show. Normally this wouldn’t matter too much for a strict comedy, but the anime ...
I'm into strategy/intrigue anime and have developed a love for these "I'm terrible noblewoman, reincarnated, want to do better" stories as a result. Accordingly, I was looking forward to "Tearmoon Empire".. . It's about the crown princess who perishes in the "French Revolution" and is reborn. Thanks to her worn, bloodstained diary, she remembers her last life and wants to prevent her undignified, cruel demise.. . I was shocked at how little I liked this anime. After two episodes, I had to force myself to watch the third and it didn't convince me either.. Princess Mia is an idiot who stumbles into one situation after another because of the mystical ...
The Children of the Sea is a film I would recommend a friend to watch by themselves at 2-3am with little to no explanation.. . The film is very alluring and captivating even with visuals alone. Some of the best animated sea life there is. From ribbon eels to false killer sharks the scenery is illuminating and stunning.. . Very good at keeping your attention by going from a melancholy sunny scene to something darker and more fast paced.. . Some of scenes were genuinely so intense (not content wise but by use of sounds and visuals) that I was taken aback or caught off guard.. . If you are not ...
Title: "The Duke of Death and His Maid Season 2: A Stray from the Charming Duo". . "The Duke of Death and His Maid" Season 2 brings back the visually captivating world and entertaining characters that fans fell in love with during the first season. However, this season takes an unexpected turn by shifting the spotlight away from the central characters, the Duke of Death and Alice, and exploring other secondary characters. While this may provide depth to the overall narrative, it might leave some viewers disappointed as it deviates from the charming dynamic established in the initial episodes.. . One of the strengths of Season 1 was the ...
behold the realm of Chiyu Mahou no Machigatta Tsukaikata, where the allure of isekai adventures beckons with promises of healing magic and boundless potential.. . In the grand tradition of isekai tales, our protagonist finds himself summoned into a fantastical world, armed not with blades of destruction, but with the gentle art of healing. A refreshing departure from the usual OP tropes, indeed!. . As we journey alongside our protagonist, we witness the gradual blossoming of his healing abilities, a testament to the power of perseverance and growth. Yet, amidst the unfolding narrative, the characters remain shrouded in mystery, their depths yet to be fully plumbed.. . Ah, but fear not, ...
A sequel that was fundamentally different from the original, not necessarily for the worse, but definitely not for the better.. . The original goblin slayer was this gritty, grey world where the party uses their flexibility and resourcefulness to overcome the unexpected threats of goblins. The shock scenes were a perfect compliment to the world building and immersion. It also had its fair share of bond and comradeship moment.. . Goblin slayer 2 was fundamentally different. The show focused much more on slice of life and world building (albeit pretty shallow). The artistic direction was changed to better accommodate this, as well as some censorship of violence. We see ...
Corpse Party - My review. . Corpse Party - My review. . I would like to talk a little about the anime Corpse Party and leave my review and opinion about the anime since my favorite genre is horror, I always like to analyze the work well and then give my opinion, so here goes:. . This anime is good, the horror scenes and the sound design are great, but the animation and characters are simple to average and some things in the scenes are weak in the sense of logic. However, the horror scenes are very good and the anime really gives the sensation of scaring and causing strangeness and ...
It lost that very feeling we were all waiting for from the first season... This season felt meeeh and i don't like saying this but it just felt like this, at the very last episode I just ended lowering my rating for this anime and I hate this, but it is what it is. In the end they tried something new and it ended up being boring, trivial and not interesting.. . Art as always very good and nothign against it.. . Characters have the usual trope. And they do no have any realistic way. . I will think several people will enjoy the anime, but will feel that it has ...
This anime is super trash. It's like porn. You skip to the good parts and never pay attention to the story. Btw, you'll just end up confused if you try understanding it. Just watch the pretty animation and enjoy the OPness of the MC that way you won't have reduced your brain cells after watching this. This anime is meant to be taken as it is. No overanalyzing every detail! Please don't. You'll end up googling half your day. Just watch this dumpster fire, forget it afterwards and move on with your life. So I recommend this anime for the hottest dumpster fire of Winter ...
NEED TO ADJUST THIS REVIEW. I don't know if they ruined the manga adaptation, but nothing to do with Monster or 20th Century Boys, masterpieces by the same creator.. Story Development ★★★☆☆. Art Style and Composition ★★★☆☆. Character Development ★★★☆☆. Character Design ★★☆☆☆. you can see the resemblance to monster characters, even some name references like Tenma.. the drawing style is also present in 20th... Voice Acting (Sub) ★★★☆☆. seen in Italian.. ...
For many who have actively followed the anime industry for a long time, one title that can be defined as art is, without a doubt, Mushishi. While all anime can be considered "art" in their own way, Mushishi is the art of intellectuals. Mushishi is the kind of series that practically defines the phrase "not for everyone." If you like unexpected twists and meticulously crafted plots, then you will most likely be disappointed.. Story Development ★★☆☆☆. The anime is still episodic and has no main plot until the end. There's this constant sense that something - just something - is missing.. Perhaps that 'something' is the fact that ...
Appearance over substance.. . Bungou Stray Dogs has the perfect mix to make it a landmark anime: Gorgeous art direction, original setting, sophisticated plot and colourful characters. Many will agree it is in fact a masterpiece and their arguments may be perfectly valid.. . However, the issue with the show lies in its obsessive search for sophistication, only to end up taking itself too seriously. BSD constantly seems to be seeking the mature viewers' approval, only to look self conscious and aware.. . Every scene, dialogue and characters ' reactions pursue the purpose of showing their elegance, maturity or wittiness. However, such aspects should always be self explanatory thanks to ...
I don't really think it's fair to rate what is essentially DVD extras from an entirely different animation studio than the one that made Sword Art Online, so I won't (if you see a rating it's because the site forced me to give one). However, I will still give my thoughts on this as I do with everything I watch. If you're a fan of Sword Art Online and want just a little bit more information on the anime, I would definitely recommend watching Sword Art Offline Extra Edition. These are not really traditional anime episodes, but it's more like the chibi characters of Sword ...
Shows like Fluffy Paradise are always a mixed bag, they're good if you're watching it for cute animals, but that's all it really has going for it. It even kind of lacks in that department too. I've only watched the first 3 episodes, so obviously take this with a grain of salt. Fluffy Paradise was just meh to me. If you want a story driven show to watch, avoid this. There is very little plot so far, and is basically just adorable kid interacts with cute animals the anime.. . even though the art isn't amazing, I think it fits well and is aesthetically pleasing to ...
My Hero Academia's third season is pretty fun. If you split this into two halves, the first half is way more powerful than the second half. In fact, I'm starting to realize that this show will porbably focus hard on the academic nature of being a hero rather than showing too many heroic feats, which is probably fine. I'm still here for it.. . When this show gets awesome, it gets really awesome, but wouldn't it be awesome if it was always awesome? The first half of this season is really cool, showing us really stressful stakes and characters reaching their peak. The second half of the ...
The story continues to gathering all of the Immortal 9s' nuclei. A unique android without Asimov 'code'(ethics of robots, the androids) conducts elimination of the Immortal 9s. A female bio-mechanical android is getting to seek the freedom of the androids.. This anime is hard to find the clues of the protagonist's action. A ‘NEAN’ of the teenager girl's mood is appealing but its surrounding situation is not much described, although it is anticipated in the context, a free will of the artificial intelligence resemble that of humans. They may coincide in the anime.. . The motivation based on the freedom is a great subject however android's freedom is ...
Inukami! doesn't really have a story, so i'll talk about its premise instead. The protagonist is a young man from the Kawahira family, which has special spiritual powers and protects the city from spirits, daemons, and perverts. Inukamis are dog spirits with powerful abilities that fight alongside the Kawahira family.. . There are three main characters: Keita, the inukami tamer with a pervy side; Youko, his inukami and dominant partner; and Kaoru's inukami, who plays a minor role.. . Keita is the misfit of the Kawahira family, and Youko is the dominant partner in their relationship. She has powerful spiritual abilities and can teleport objects or people, ...
Ah, behold the grand sequel, Jaku-Chara Tomozaki-kun 2nd Stage, where character exploration and thematic depth reign supreme! Strap in, fellow connoisseurs of the animated arts, as we embark on a whimsical journey through the whims and wonders of this ongoing saga:. . For aficionados of the inaugural season, fear not! The second stage maintains its stride with all the finesse of a seasoned pro, delving deeper into character arcs with the precision of a master craftsman. What sets this anime apart is its valiant endeavor to extol the virtues of perspective and perseverance—albeit through the quirky lens of gaming mechanics. Our intrepid protagonists set forth on a ...
Ah, Dosanko Gal wa Namara Menkoi, a title that beckons with the promise of youthful dalliances and romantic entanglements. Join me, dear reader, as we delve into the initial impressions of this series:. . At the onset, I couldn't help but draw parallels to similar narratives like You Were Experienced, I Was Not: Our Dating Story. A chance encounter between a random, yet seemingly picturesque, anime girl and our protagonist sets the stage for potential romantic exploits. However, the journey thus far has unfolded at a languid pace, taking three episodes to introduce a new character—a potential love interest, perhaps?. . In terms of aesthetics, the artistry is adequate, ...
With the beginning of winter 2024, we have quite a few adaptations. Most of them are successful at it, which Mato Seihei no Slave could not be counted in.. As a manga reader, Seven Arcs FAILED or decided not to use the mangaka's art style for the adaptation. This ruined the series from the beginning when the director made this decision. By any means, the art style is not bad, but you could say it tried to mimic that of a 2000s style, but in my opinion, does not go well with this series.. The ecchi scenes are way more "mwehehe" in the manga ...
Ah, Shin no Nakama ja Nai to Yuusha no Party wo Oidasareta node, Henkyou de Slow Life suru Koto ni Shimashita 2nd, a continuation that beckons us back into the realm of slow-paced existence and heroics. Join me, dear reader, as I navigate the sequel's labyrinth:. . The initial foray into this tale was acceptable, a hero opting for the tranquility of village life after the tumult of adventuring. It maintained a semblance of coherence, and I relished the character progression that unfolded, concluding the story on a satisfying note.. . Now, as the second season unfolds, I find myself pondering the elusive purpose it seeks to unravel. Is ...
Sokushi Cheat ga Saikyou sugite, Isekai no Yatsura ga Marude Aite ni Naranai n desu ga, a title that unfolds like a lyrical dance of isekai absurdity and overpowered spectacle. Allow me, dear reader, to share my musings on this peculiar gastronomic experience through realms unknown:. . Picture this, a protagonist who eclipses the might of One Punch Man, transcending the need for physical contact or even a mere gaze. With a mere thought, our main character can render anything in their path asunder. The intent? A comedic isekai romp that whisks you away on an unpredictable journey.. . Yet, amidst the laughter, there's an attempt to forge character ...
Ah, Mato Seihei no Slave, a tale where ecchi shenanigans meet the world-saving prowess of anime waifus—truly, a harmonious symphony for the discerning viewer. Now, allow me to paint you a vivid picture of my impressions:. . In the grand tapestry of anime, there exists a realm where shallow ecchi plots frolic alongside almost-decent fights, akin to a whimsical ballet of predictable narratives. Enter Mato Seihei no Slave, where the world's defense hinges not on valiant warriors, but on anime waifus showcasing their formidable combat prowess. Our protagonist, a man in a sea of celestial femininity, is sadly devoid of battle acumen but excels as the ultimate ...
A crossover of Overlord and Kage no Jitsuryokusha ni Naritakute! packaged in a Studio PuYuKAI style ONA. It's just like Ple Ple Pleiades or Isekai Quartet.The crossover actually fits quite well as both main characters are overpowered evil bosses in their worlds. The ONA consists of short funny interactions between the characters from the two anime. Unfortunately, I'm a bit tired of all isekais, which means that my personal interest is no longer there and I probably can't form a fair opinion, so I don't see myself in a position to criticise anything except that I personally was a bit deinterested. Nevertheless, I wanted to ...
Zankyou no Terror is a mix of mind games, mystery, and intense drama. The story focuses on two mysterious teenage guys who, at first, seem like terrorists to us viewers. But as the tale unfolds, everything starts making sense towards the end. These two teens, Nine and Twelve, have completely different personalities, yet they trust each other a lot. Nine is the serious brains behind their bombing plans, while Twelve is more of a goofy guy with an adorable smile.. . Then there's Mishima Lisa, a shy girl struggling to make friends. Somehow, she ends up with these two boys, and it becomes a kind of fresh ...
I have mixed feelings on this.. . Intense Action Scenes: "JJK" is known for its intense and dynamic fight scenes, and this season does not disappoint. The animation is as good or even better than season 1.. . Narrative Complexity: The Shibuya Incident Arc introduces new elements and characters, and the flashbacks provide additional context. The narrative can be harder to follow or may require more investment to appreciate fully compared to season 1.. . Pacing Issues: I found it odd to go with this sequence of nonstop flashback for 6 episodes before finally getting back to the present plot, and then having a weird interjection of an ordinary outing that ...
I knew I wanted to watch <i>Sugar Apple Fairy Tale</i> the moment I saw the key visual. The coloring is gorgeous, the fantasy aesthetic is immaculate, and the promise of a healthy dose of drama simmers underneath. Romance! Fairies! Candy making! Surely a winning formula.. . However, this deceptively pretty candy apple is laced with some less-than-sweet flavors. Do they enhance the flavor, or make the dessert unbearably bitter? The answer is ultimately personal and not one-size-fits-all(-tastebuds).. . Story: 3/10. . It took me several tries over a few seasonal cours to make it to the end of <i>Sugar Apple Fairy Tale's</i> scant 12-episode run, because the protagonist never catches a ...
Listen here y'all, I'm here for a good time, not to understand the plot. And what a good time this is.... . So Billy idol is some sort of super soldier guy, and he was part of a discontinued program. Now I guess he does like vigilante work and stuff. The main girl honestly I have the exact same haircut I really don't know what to call her. She comes off as an annoying slut at first, but overall is not the most annoying character I've ever encountered. Billy idol puts on some armor that looks like a football uniform, and he's got to fight the other ...
I watched it once back in early 2020 and just rewatched, but my feelings about this... thing, didn't changed whatsoever. This story got a nice plot, a nice backbone as a new way to think about isekais and all that stuff, but they just toss it all away with the way that Mamako is represented. . Don't take me wrong, I also do enjoy ecchis and stuff and I watched a lot of them already, but that's not the point here. "Tsuujou Kougeki ga Zentai Kougeki de Ni-kai Kougeki no Okaasan wa Suki desu ka?" got a really nice start going from family issues to a couple ...
Where to begin? Chainsaw man. All my friends loved this series, and constantly told me to watch it. I also turned it down, as this show seemed to pervy for me. Then the show got tons of hype online. Recently, I finally got around to watching it. I was so hyped up for this series. Annnnnndddddd: It was actually pretty boring. I know thats a hot take, but I personally had no enjoyment with this series at all. I found the characters (Other then maybe Aki) to be a bunch of emotionless pervs. But that's not my main problem with this series: it's just so ...
Ever watched a movie with stunning visuals and a really confusing plot? That's what this movie is. The original movie title also adds to the mystery of it all. Some aspects of this movie made sense and I could follow them. Other parts left me curious what was happening and why, though the ending does supply some hints as to the why.. . I don't need movies to spoon feed me their story and what they're trying to say, but this one felt like someone threw a bunch of mud on the floor and waited for me to lick it up. I wouldn't say I liked ...
I'm only writing this because there aren't any reviews yet.. . I mean, it's 23 seconds long, how much could anyone possibly say? Like idk, cool project I guess. I gave it a 5 cause it's not particularly good or bad, and clearly it didn't make any sort of impact on me. What was it, an MTV clip, right? I think it's pretty good for the intended purpose. . As for characters there's one dude with like bugs or something, he doesn't really do anything except for have bugs on him. I'd say the art style is fitting, it's supposed to be unsettling and it is a ...
Before the season started, I was hyped for this one. I mean, this was studio Bones' 25th anniversary project after all! This show has a lot of positives that I won't mention in the review since other people have already talked about them. Although I will definitely stick with this show, I do have some issues that I'd like to write about.. . For me, the music is lackluster at best. Nothing in the ost impressed me at all, and sometimes songs that did not fit were added to scenes that didn't need them. Also, I noticed a lot of the show went without a backing ...
Based on the chapter titled "Monsters" from the manga Wanted, by Eiichiro Oda, Monsters: 103 Mercies Dragon Damnation manages to please, even if minimally, both One Piece fans and those who have never had contact with the work.. . In ONA we discover more about Ryuma, already introduced in One Piece and having a direct confrontation with Zoro, to whom he is a predecessor in lineage. Following the narrative we understand more why the swordsman is so renowned, we see more of his strength and his much talked about battle against the Dragon.. . It's 25 minutes with a good production, produced by Estúdio E&H Production. The direction, made ...
It's an anime with a good premise, but the development of the routes is too fast.. . The protagonist, who resembles Shinji from Evangelion to some extent, has an interesting personality, and his passion for photography is noteworthy - capturing not just beauty but also expressing the true feelings of a person.. . The anime initially focuses on introducing the protagonist, showcasing scenes, the girls, secondary characters, etc. However, it gives the impression that the anime devoted too much time to the introduction and forgot to focus on the girls. Three episodes are concentrated on the introduction, and the events to introduce the girls could have been spread across ...
Kick out the NEET part, and this is a much better story. The story is solid, but the pervy hikikomori stuff ticks you off to the max. And if you removed the NEET part, the story would not lose much, it could be rewritten with little effort. It would be much better, if it was a story of a young talented mage in a fantasy world, not an isekai.. . If you want to watch a good adventure story, then this is a nice choice. And in the second part, the cringe fades away, although not completely. The latter part is much more enjoyable in my opinion. ...
Doctor Elise isn’t just an isekai—it’s a reverse/double isekai where a spoiled girl from the past is reborn in the modern world, becomes a doctor, and then returns to her old life with all her memories intact.. . Aoi Takamoto is a skilled doctor with a reputation for being one of the world’s best surgeons. Maybe it’s my bias as someone who also wants to go into medicine, but I instantly loved her character. She’s poised, professional, and kind both to her patients and her colleagues, important traits in health care that tend to get overlooked in favor of drama. But instead, Aoi embodies the ideal doctor, ...
How many mini picture drama series does this anime have? I'm slowly running out of words to describe the individual series. This version mainly explains the rules and strategies of volleyball, giving a solid insight into exactly how the sport works. But do viewers of a volleyball anime really need an explanation of volleyball? or are there really complete newcomers to the sport through the anime? As long as you get a minimal learning effect from this little anime, I'm not complaining. Out of all the picture dramas I've reviewed for 2.43, this is probably the best and most bvernvernous, even if it's still not ...
Strong points of the anime:. - cute. - overall looks good. - may give you "the feels". . Weak points:. - plot is really dumb. Not to spoil much but I wouldn't let this girl handle cleaning a bathroom urinal. She must be costing her parents thousands or tens of thousands of $ each month on glasses. She's lucky she lives near the school, or a car will isekai her at the first crosswalk.. - the dude is a huge simp. All he cares about is her looks and her hair, that's it. Doesn't care about knowing her as a person, even when she's in trouble and needs something specific this ...
ERASED (why was the entire title erased in translation) is an interesting show. It has sparked debate regarding its narrative in the past few years, and rightfully so : it subverted expectations, be it for good or bad. The premise is one of those few compelling ones that have dominated the anime sphere. Some people wholeheartedly believe it to be a masterpiece, while others seemingly despise it for mostly unspecified reasons.. . The first half of the show is actually pretty good in terms of the story it tells : the viewer is presented with a compelling mystery, with interesting characters and a riveting idea - travelling ...
You ever watch something you think is going to wind you in, but it just doesn't?. You ever watch something you believe you should really like but it fails at showing you anything that would intrigue you?. . This is the epitome of "Hokkaido Gals Are Super Adorable!", it never goes the extra mile to actually get the watcher to fully care for the characters, besides basically showing the viewer women that are the most beautiful ones in class and having them fall for the MC like a harem, without actually giving them a full personality.. What I mean is that they do have a personality, but it ...
Cleopatra is a work which is filled with as much good as it is bad. It is based on the life of Cleopatra, which it paints with very broad strokes. Parts of it are incoherent, especially in the first half, while others are genuinely good historical fiction. The opening scene, which mixes live-action and animation, is the worst thing I have ever seen. It was directed by both Osamu Tezuka and Eiichi Yamamoto, and you can see the signature of both of them here. It has Tezuka's trademark humor, which mostly is just inappropriate and jarring here. It's strange to see Tezuka's typical over-the-top slapstick ...
Listen, I'm going to be completely honest here: I am 100% one of those guys who believe you need a degree to understand how anything works in this series. Yeah, I'm lost on the logistical side of the anime. Did that make me stop watching it? Hell no. If you're into action and fantasy this is the anime for you.. . Why did I rate it a 6 then? Like I mentioned above it's just a mess in terms of anything kind of making sense. It's just dope fight scene after dope fight scene. Pretty much an entire city crumbles due to this MF-ers fighting. I know ...
"Naruto: Shippuuden" is a sequel to the immensely popular anime series "Naruto," and it continues the journey of Naruto Uzumaki as he matures into a formidable ninja while facing new challenges and adversaries. This long-running series, spanning over 500 episodes, has left an indelible mark on the anime landscape. Here's a comprehensive review, weighing both the positive and negative aspects of "Naruto: Shippuden.". . Positive Aspects:. . Character Development: One of the strongest points of "Naruto: Shippuden" is its deep exploration of characters. Viewers witness significant growth in Naruto as he evolves from a brash and impulsive ninja into a more nuanced and compassionate leader. Other characters, such as ...
This review will be as unbiased as possible; it will be purely factual.. . If I had a nickel for every isekai that has come out in recent times that has been slow and generic, I would have a lot of dimes.. . The healing premise, while slightly intriguing, does not make it stand out in the saturated market of the isekai genre. The characters themselves, like the MC and the side characters, are enjoyable to watch, but they do not give high hopes that the healing power will be able to carry the rest of the season. The healing power seems to be just a way to differentiate ...
I've only watching the first 3 episodes, so will likely update this review later.. . Initial impressions are that its very similar to SAO (Sword Art Online), players must complete quests, level up, get stronger etc. But its more similar to dungeons and dragons with a strange mix of cyber/magic affecting the real world as opposed to VMMORPGs. There is a dimensional overlap or players travel through wormholes to dungeons, where they must battle or use their wits to survive. I've been thinking of what to watch next after AoT (Attack on Titan) and SAO; This has certainly hooked my interest, and I will continue ...
Made in Abyss: a series which in my heart, I really wanted to love, but in the end was tragically disappointed by.. . To be clear, I think this show is quite competent. The world building and concepts were fascinating. I loved the 7 different layers, and the corresponding illnesses that came from ascending in each one. The sense of foreboding and mystery was incredible in the first season, with the praying corpses, scattered relics, etc. It made me excited to learn more about the abyss as a place, and how such a harsh environment had even come to exist. But unfortunately, beyond all of that, that’s ...
If you like short anime with an investing plot, as well as many engaging fights, this anime is for you.. Key words being short, as you may know, SAO has 25 episodes, so why did I say this is good if you like short anime?. . It’s because this series is amazing…For about 13 episodes.. . See, here’s the thing,. . The first 13 episodes, (to some degree, anyway, I won’t deny that there are a couple where the MC is living a power fantasy) has amazing visuals and fights to go with it, alongside a really good plot, I dare say it’s the best anime I’ve seen in terms of ...
This is a very sad movie, and not for everyone. The themes of it are things that typically, people are uncomfortable talking about or acknowledging. If you like to get emotional, I have not seen a better show to date for it, anime or otherwise. It really is a hard-hitting story, very close to home for people that have ever suffered from things like depression, self-loathing, bullying, etc.. . Every aspect of it feels very real. I am certain that the writers of this movie were drawing from experience. The way characters react and interact is very natural, none of the typical anime-isms I have grown accustomed ...
Solo Leveling is probably the most hyped show of the season and I can understand why. The manhwa had quite a successful run and is popular, especially among those who are completely new to all of this and it's no surprise that it got an anime adaptation. It is also deemed by many as the best manhwa to ever have been created ( arguable ). So, we can all clearly see that the anime is already backed up pretty good. But is it actually good? For me, I'd say NO!. I haven't read past chapter 20 of the manhwa so I really can't say anything where ...
While I've not finished this season at the time of writing this review, I think I've seen enough of it as well as the previous material to have an opinion on season 3. Plenty of people in the fandom I've talked to have stated they "can't even finish season 3", and while I wouldn't be that harsh, I get where they're coming from. After season 1, it seems like Osomatsu-San has added some sort of gimmick each season that made some viewers drop the series, I suspect due to watching the series weekly rather than binging it like I have been. Season 2 had these ...
I usually like to provide detailed reviews, but for this one, Im gonna keep it very simple:. . Incredibly mid. . . . . . . . ...
This anime felt like it had some awesome potential, so I kept watching it thinking 'this must just be a really slow burn' something big will happen in the next episode surely... I thought that all the way until the final episode.. . It doesn't really go anywhere. It occasionally throws an impressive plot curve ball midway and you start to get excited thinking the pace is going to build up, then it just peters out and its back to being mundane.. . It seems like it's TRYING to be a good anime, but it's hard to take seriously with all the unnecessary fan service and a plot ...
If this is your first time you discover the anime and you don't care about the poor animation style, maybe you'll enjoy the story, it's very interesting the way the author tells the story about the life of Richard III with her shojo style.. . but sincerely, if you're really interested to know more about this story, I recomend you the manga, this adaptation doesn't reflect at all how wonderful the art is. Everything feels very rushed, they have tried to include the entire story in 24 chapters and that has not been enough. The animation is so poor, low details, it looks like power point slides... ...
TL;DR It’s a good shonen and much better than season one but the praise stops there.. . For what it’s worth I believe this is one of the best shonen anime currently airing but it is little more than your typical modern shonen I believe if you enjoy that genre you may love this series but if your not a fan I would stay away.. . I personally really enjoyed the 1st half of season 2 as it developed the teacher characters by focusing on there past for a second and the fight scenes are great in the later half the only issue I have is the pacing and ...
Extremely stupid story about a guy who for some reason abandon his little sister, whom he trained (supported) to become a hero. Motivation for abandoning is that one of his teammates feels that MC does not bring anything to the party. Mind you, party consist from at least six people and these two guys have this fallout in secrecy from them. Cover story for leaving - something about spying on demon king army, basically "he went to buy the milk". Illogical behavior, stupid decision after stupid decision. Unbearable to watch.. . There is some redeeming qualities:. - a lot of fanservice up to fully naked girls. - ...
If you take out the pedophilia, sexual assault, and normalization of sexual assault/r*pe being okay then it is a really good show. I am skipping those parts since they make me EXTREMELY uncomfortable. Rudeus reincarnated and still is his previous self mentally, so there is no excuse for him to try and assault Roxy or Eris... it is unacceptable. Also, I hate Paul and how he doesn't face consequences to his actions and just r*pes and assaults women, even cheating on his wife, and nothing happens to him.... However, I would like to say the fantasy aspect of the show really draws me in and ...
This season of Ah! My Goddess is primarily for fans who want to see more of the same characters and world from the first season. While the plotlines and character development are engaging and satisfactory, the repetitive elements mean that the excitement that was present in the first season is not as strong. The character Marler is an antagonist who doesn't make much of an impact. While there are additional movies and the old series available, it's clear that the show's unique charm is beginning to fade. Fans will enjoy it, but those who are new to the show may find it less thrilling.
Very dirty, very bad animation. CG until it no longer works. I know the studio is pretty half-assed and I couldn't expect more than that. At least the fights are better in the anime than in the manga. And to be clear, only the last fight was good and the clock tower was average to good, but only Desir's fight.. Overall, it's a 6.. Pram continued to become gayer and more unpleasant than in the original, congratulations on that, they ruined something that was already very bad. Romantics is still wonderful.It's not bad for passing the time, but the manga ...
- Spoiler Free -. . I am new to anime and I recently watched the show Violet Evergarden. I consider it to be a remarkable 10/10 show because of the emotional impact it had on me, and a lot of that came from seeing Violet's journey and development - overall I was very happy with the conclusion the anime show provided for Violet.. . Of course we always want to see more of a great thing, that is only human nature, but we should only see more if it remains respectful to what came before.... . VE: The Movie is beautifully animated, in fact I can safely say this movie ...
Although I have rated this as average, the second part is actually a solid 7.1 because the last 15 minutes the pacing finally slows down, and we get to see the most beautiful animation of Sailor Cosmos (thanks largely in part due to Sidney Deng's contribution to some key frames as well as the transformation for Chibi-Chibi).. . So everyone was right in that the pacing for the films is truly not helping the story develop as it should and it's incredibly difficult to relate to characters when you can't even sit with them. Some cringe scenes occured in part I with no rationale behind them, ...
Overrated.. Let's be honest here. The Dangers in My Heart is just a male version of female erotica novels. It is a pure fantasy plot that overlooks all common sense and logic for the sake of fulfilling the fantasy that the loner/loser of the class can get with the hot girl. IMO, this type of plot does not deserve such a high rating and does not appeal to a broad audience which animes at this rating really should.. . Season 2 still suffers from the same things as Season 1: namely, Ishikawa is constantly placed in predictable/eye-rolling circumstances that allow him to be the hero. And despite ...
Plot: 6/10. Generic reincarnation anime, but with a mildly interesting flavor. Problems seem to resolve instantaneously and just because yay.. . Animation: 3/10 (ending art: 8/10). Subpar with occasional MS power point slides. The ending credits had more budget then the first three episodes combined. The hair was so atrocious I cried.. . Music: 5/10. Not super memorable, but not so bad that its distracting.. . Character: 4/10. ...
Well this is going to be a tough ride for people who have already watched a decent amount of anime, especially Shounen anime like JJK and SAO.. As someone who had been keeping up with the manhwa since 2020 until the end, I find this adaption truly disappointing. According to generic anime conventions, the first episode should've been a 1-hour Special introducing every critical detail of the first few chapters of the series. Instead, they make an average 24-minute episode, even in which they horribly utilize the span by showing a story which is to be introduced far later in the story. Good job Aniplex/Crunchyroll, you're ...
Childhood memories. Most of us forget what is not important to our life now. That is how the mind is supposed to work. Mostly, it does.. . Kotoura-san (I'm not typing out The Troubled Life of Miss Kotoura everytime) had one of the best opening scenes one could ever witness. We slowly see Kotoura lose friends, and even her own family, because she has the powers of telepathy. We see how traumatic reading everyone's minds at a very young age, when children exercise little to no control over their words, can be. We see how memories from our past can plague our present. Everything was seemingly done ...
I'm not sure how to feel about this one. At first glance it's about an mmo full of combat and exploration and.....it has none of that. At all. You see 4 monsters in the show total. Apparently one of the most popular mmo's of all time in universe with millions of players. You'll see about 57 people in the background over the entire show. But the main characters will bump into each other constantly as if guided by some other-wordly force (not even getting into the fact of the entire main cast living in the exact same city, what a HUGE coincidence). And with a ...
All I can really say is that this is boring bottom of the barrel crap with no depth (no, the bottom of a barrel doesn't count as depth). It's very forgettable. I'm reviewing it immediately after watching it and ngl I don't remember most of the major plot points. Movies are supposed to draw the viewer in, entertain them, or at least be able to be made fun of, but this has none of that. It's like every mech anime ever made, and the robots look the same as every other robot. There's no pizzazz. Bottom line, making a giant laser weapon with freshly discovered ...
Poor character designs are what drive me away from a lot of shows. I watched this one anyway, and it's not just the art I don't like, I think it's boring as hell. I also don't like the obvious fan service. Like there's a reason people think all weebs are incel freaks and shit like this doesn't help lol. But, like most things, I have to give it some credit. It was animated well and the premise was so cool. Its influence on TV as a whole can't be ignored, it really did inspire a lot of people to create. It's also a staple of ...
Dear God what the fuck did I just watch?? I don't think it's a spoiler to say that the penis and vagina monsters were present and got a lot of screen time. The style is fucking weird but it's at least consistent, every character looks like they were mutated from a nuclear Holocaust. The sheer ridiculousness is enough to take out a frail Victorian child. In terms of animation, plot, and violence, this is a lot. I personally am not a fan, and I'd die before watching it again, but I can appreciate it's cultural importance (to an extent lmao) and I understand why people ...
Let's start with my overall impression: The anime is great, but it is not for everyone.. . The flaws are quite immediately obvious from the start. This is a 3D animated anime. For the most part it does not look good compared to most well-produced 2D anime. But credit's where it's due, as 3D animation goes, this is above average. The character expressions are done well, and the camera work is at times amazing, mainly during performance scenes. I can easily see many watchers turn away from this anime after the first episode or two.. . The strength of the anime starts to show from episode 3. The entire ...
The writer(s) should just go to horny jail, but still a lot goes down in this 24 prologue-like episodes.. . The characters are fun and most of them are really interesting. Sadly, the anime - in most cases - leaves those backstories and interesting details for the viewer to imagine, since it does close to nothing in that regard when it comes to most of the characters.. Some, however, have serious development which is really hard to squish into 24 episodes, but they did it and it's most fulfilling. Obviously this means other characters will lack any kind of complexity, so just keep that in mind.. . These ...
Not much is different from the previous season so this review will be short and if you want to know more you should read my review on the original. Most things in there hold true here as well. That being said I do rate this higher than the original, but what is it about it that makes me bump it up a notch on the scale? Well.... . - Story & Theme. Okay, so the backstory is obviously still the same; the male protagonist is still a zombie magical girl/crossdresser and there are still three girls living with him. This time around the main story feels a bit ...
More fanservice than harem, more occasional cross-dressing than gender-bender and a story that isn't all that coherent. So what strengths does this anime actually have? Well.... . - Story & Theme. We're told the backstory early on and it's not very complicated. The protagonist dies, is turned into a zombie by a necromancer and is now immortal. In the first episode he is also turned into a chainsaw wielding magical girl and then a vampire ninja becomes his servant. It's an over-the-top take on the harem genre, but for a harem it isn't really played out as one. The main story revolves more around the necromancer and her ...
listen it's fine it all technical aspects but it's the character writing that makes me just uninterested, if you like cool battles it's for sure a good choice for you but if you like good character writing then it's not for you, believe me i kept an open mind for the whole show i tried to like it, but every character feels very 1 dimensional and the comedy feels very dry, i didn't laugh a single time while watching and my eyes stayed perfectly dry other then after yawning, especially at the start of the show, the action while cool looking provided nothing to me ...
So I never liked fighting movies, and this did nothing to change that. It was absolutely a better watch than Heavy, and was able to achieve a more interesting plot in a similar runtime. The animation has aged, but it's not awful or anything, and you gotta have that cheesy ass 80s soundtrack. The fight scenes are fairly well done, and the movement is mostly fluid. The main character is likeable enough for sure,and even his main opponent wasn't really a bad guy per say. If you don't count the ripping people's nerves out bit. I wouldn't watch it again but that's cause I fucking ...
Heavy is a movie about some teenager named Guy (creative) who meets a boxing coach after a highschool fight. The coach is like you'll be the champion if you train and Guy's like no boxing is basically prostitution, and it takes 30 goddamn minutes (and a 6 month time jump) to convince Guy to try. Then it's 10 minutes of training and a 10 minute fight. The gang from the beginning of the movie is never seen again, and the dream sequence at the start ended up not being relevant at all. I suppose the animation is ok, but it's definitely underwhelming. I will say ...
I rather tread the path carefully when it comes to watching animes by EMT Studios. Other than the two animes which I managed to consume from this studio, I have basically dropped every other anime from this before completing even a single episode. And I have a fucking "No drop rule"!. . So when I saw that studio was EMT while writing this review, I was amused. Not by the fact that this anime is not bad, cause for that I was grateful, but because they also seem to make somewhat decent shows.. . Now with some obligatory "English is not my first language" and "This is my first ...
When I heard this was coming out, I was so hyped for this. As a huge OP fan, I was hoping this would be something incredible. after watching it: It was average. The story was okay, but the entire thing felt extremely rushed. This could have been an hour long and it would have been 1000 times better. The art style worked fine, nothing special. The characters had potential, but again, they rushed the entire thing, so there was only like two memorable characters. Overall, I'd say it's still worth a watch, but don't expect to say "Wow, that was an incredible anime!" when the ...
A good anime with nothing really new, except for the fact that it wouldn't hook you from get go. You have to be patient, the show will then start to grow on you.. . Art & animation are the weaker links of the show. Even with the opted art style, the quality feels quite inconsistent.. . Character development is somewhat good, not the best. I feel the direction isn't great but feels somewhat intentional to let the show grow on you.. . Sound department is good. I watched the English Dub & felt it to be quite good. Sound effects weren't much dull down which usually happen in modern English dubs.. . Story ...
Yeah, it’s cute. The stop motion looks pretty good, albeit some of the Pokemon themselves only have glued on expression changes. It’s fluidly animated and its human characters look good.. . That being said, the narrative is nothing to write home about. Little lessons are learned by our lead each episode as she picks up the concierge craft, but it all feels very safe. I give this some credit for just letting us sit in the Pokemon world for a bit without battles or major stakes, but it feels just like a day in the life of a neurotic young woman as she seeks to fit in ...
What the heck. Way to ruin a cute show towards the end. That scene is entirely out of no where. I can't even imagine a loss in translation situation because the character is very clear more than once.. . Not entirely sure why more is required in my review. More words does not equal a better review. Not entirely sure why more is required in my review. More words does not equal a better review. Not entirely sure why more is required in my review. More words does not equal a better review. Not entirely sure why more is required in my review. More words does not ...
For this movie I didn't really like it, especially for the Dynazenon series I experienced a drop because the MC was not good in my opinion.. . As for the quality and character design, I praise this, it's very good and the characters are beautiful, maybe better than before, just a quality comparison.. . But unfortunately, in my opinion, the storyline doesn't make much sense, most of the plot twists are strange, especially towards the end, almost everyone becomes robots, what is this?. In essence, the main drawback is the strange storyline, maybe for character fans the storyline is not an important issue, but for me it's not just the ...
This anime movie based on the Violet Evergarden anime was actually good. I won't lie but I did not feel the way that I felt when I watched the series so, i ranked it low.. STORY. The story was really good. But it includes a lot of emotion which is not a best anime for me. The story was soooo emotional and no action sequences were present. We got to see some action in the main series but not here.. ANIMATION. The animetion was awesome. No words. All the scenes were animated beautifully. So, if you want this anime for animation go ...
I feel like there are two types of Pokémon fans. Those who like battles/adventures and those who like cute things/companionships between the Pokémon and humans. If you are the first type, then this anime isn't for you.. . This anime doesn't have battles or adventures, instead it features cute Pokémon doing wholesome things with great stop motion art. Personally, I prefer adventures and battles, but that doesn’t mean this anime is bad, in fact, it might even make it better for you.. . So, if you’re a fan of stop motion and general wholesomeness then watch this anime but if you want battles and a great adventure then don’t ...
I enjoyed Boku no Kokoro no Yabai Yatsu. There are some very funny and sweet moments just like any other Rom-Com should have. Also the quality of the animation was quite good. I would have liked this show a lot more if the Male MC were more deranged. I think its kind of messed up how he only fantasizes about murdering Yamada for like one or two episodes, and then it never really comes up again. Also, the entire first season is "Will-They,Won't-They" and unlike say Kaguya I do not really find their daily not being honest with themselves or each other very amusing because ...
Fell in love with the world building and darker elements of the show. Then the show got weird and left a bad taste. Originally I'd easily give the show a rating of 8 or higher because it's so different. Really captivating world and interesting concept of an all kids cast, but I wasn't able to appreciate the second season anymore because it got weird to a point of being disgusting.. If you can see past the weird fetish-y scenes, go give it a watch. The music and world are really beautiful. Season one has a few suspicious scenes and sadly they get more recent and obvious ...
Hey folks, this will be my review for Yamada-kun to Lv999 no Koi wo Suru. The short review is that is wasn't bad, however it has some flaws that make it a bit dull.. . I first want to say the show isn't terrible if you simply like watching two people fall in love. However it lacks any sort of meaningful relationship building that I have a hard time recommending it if your not simply here to fill up your love tank. Video games, specifically Forest of Savior, is the glue that brings our Female mc(Akane), and our male mc(Akito) together. The problem is that the game ...
It's not as bad as everyone makes it out to be, but it's a very forgettable story. So much so, that despite watching it yesterday, I've already forgotten the main character's name, and anything besides the main plot points. The animation and soundtrack are nothing to write home about, but I can't say they were objectively bad. The thing about this show is that it feels like it's trying to cram at least a couple movies worth of plot into a short amount of time. The premise honestly isn't bad but the story falls flat. Now I watch plenty of shows that are just horrible ...
If you haven't noticed already, Solo Leveling has an anime adaptation that is ongoing as of right now. Fans should have already told you, the anime-only, about what the show should be about (this is important) and how it will break records and shit. And within the first episode, people are already calling it mid, mostly from Twitter.. . I am a long-term fan, and my profile picture is proof, but this particular adaptation is making me nervous. Because Aniplex and Crunchyroll are involved--the two worst producers out there and fans won't shut their mouths about the spoilers. Some red flags should be noted as well, ...
OINK OINK!. AVG ANIME... If you have free time and want to watch a less successful anime about a romance between a pig and a woman, go for it... . I went in to see this anime expecting something funny, after all a guy who comes back to life as a pig... Unfortunately I was disappointed... The pace of the series is very slow.. There is no character development. no back story. and there is a main idea and nothing else behind it.... The art is very common and not special... . ...
The jokes in this aren't funny, but the show itself can be laughed at. I watched this quite drunk last night, and boy howdy is this one of the worst things I've ever seen. The story is poorly written and a bad idea in the first palce, the art looks extremely half asses, the acting obviously had no effort put into it, there's really nothing redeemable about this pile of trash. I watched it cause me man brain is like "oo step on me big muscle lady" so that was definitely a positive thing, and I did have a hell of a time making fun ...
Gently Compelling. Okay, so it was a mid watch, not fantastic but simply good. The basic concept kept me engaged. “It’s not a groundbreaking film, but it does give you some food for thoughts.” I believe the movie could have been better if they had spent more time developing the script and tell us a lot more about this world etc, like more interesting characters and a better villain. I would have appreciated a complex version of this story.. Animation was pretty good considering the year it was aired.. "Inverts," like Patema, are sinners that will be "swallowed by the sky," ~ phrase that made me watch ...
Ayt lets just set things straight here, to those who are saying they are here for the plot I honestly can't see you hair because you got a big ass cap on. Its incredibly criminal to try and rationalize blatant degeneracy especially on a public platform, out with the cope and excuses like you been known what this is from the first episode, now we are three deep lets just all embrace the ecchi and a touch of comedy that this anime is offering and stop with the plot talk, coz deadass the copium is not coping. FYI I sense some of ya'll gaggling acid ...
I think the story was cute and all but they just could not stick thier climax....I mean the emperor which is kept as a mystery in all the previos episodes and is shown as a big bad villian has so small role as he is defeated by our protagonist. I really have mixed feelings about this anime. Also the character arc for miyo is so wierd from not knowing her power to using it so perfectly the first time and not to mention she defeats the KING.. Also we don't get to know what happened to her step sister and step mom apart from knowing ...
'Did I ever tell you the definition of insanity?'. . . The melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya is most definitely a good series, but in some aspects, it is flawed, especially when it comes to a certain part of the story, that people do not seem to enjoy at all. However, if you can look past that, I'm sure you will find something quite special.. . Before reading this review, keep in mind that this is a review of the whole series, excluding the movie, because a certain loop has given me enough of this series, for now, at least.. . . Animation:. The animation in this show is stellar, especially since ...
I'll start the review from the end - cute anime I expected more.... . Good idea for an anime, less impressive execution than I thought it would be.. . The series started off great, its pace is good.. I really liked the characters Angie and her father.. I didn't feel that there was any development for the characters, even the story of the past was not expanded that much.. I really liked the art, character design and animation.. I loved the opening song of the anime.. . I wonder if there will be a second season for the anime and where it will develop if at all..
It definitely shows its age. It also drags the anime out unnecessarily. I'd say the best thing to do is just to read the manga. I'd only recommend to watch this if you're really into the history of this anime. Like the history of the anime that influenced Shoujo anime, including the masterpiece, Rose of Versailles. Personally, I'm into the history of this anime and can respect it, but I don't know if I respect it enough to slog through 48 more episodes... Especially when the characters are fairly simple, and it's just a mashup of fairy tales. ...
An interesting, but very basic CGDCT anime, that is entirely made to be a time-waster.. . Is this anything special?. Well... Not really, It actually doesn't have much to talk about, since it feels like every other basic CGDCT anime for the most part. BUT, it has Mahjong, and it is the only thing stopping this show from being entirely obscure.. That being said, I think the producers kinda expect people who already go to watch this to have knowledge on the mahjong, since not a lot of it is really explained, so you the viewer will be somewhat confused on what anything means, or at least if ...
This is an anime where the main character is practically unbeatable, never feeling pressured. The protagonist's power is so overwhelming that there's no need for concern.. . The anime's plot is quite flat, lacking notable elements to capture attention. Viewers might only be curious about why Yogiri is so powerful and his origin. Dannoura's reactions elevate the series; without them, the brief battles might induce sleep.. . The visuals and animation are mediocre, nothing exceptional, though occasional black smoke on the frame's edge can be distracting. If the black smoke is used to censor gore scenes, I can understand.. . The opening song is enjoyable, fitting the isekai theme well. The ...
Simple how to enjoy(?) review:. . Yumemiru is clearly inspired from an oregairu. I view this a lighthearted and kinda waterdowned version of it. Hachiman-esque mc and the fmc is a slightly unbearable tsundere. There is also many other girls in this anime.. . PLEASE DO NOT WATCH THIS AS A ROMANCE ANIME!!!. . If you are thinking about watching this anime and want to enjoy it, try not to look at this as a romance anime. If you come in with expectations of romance you will be greatly disappointed. Yumemiru become much more enjoyable when you think of this as a coming-of-age/mental(?) of the mc. Similar to hachiman, mc goes ...
While I believe it's a perfectly watchable anime from beginning to the end, I recognize that it fails to live up to its full creative potential at every turn. You hear mention of characters from the Tekken game series, but you never get to see them fight or play any role beyond catalysts to drive Jin Kazama's story forward. It also doesn't help that the action sequences are fine, but lack originality.. . Jin's character development and the stunning 3D animation are enough to recommend, but don't expect much from anything else about the anime. Good enough to pass the time, bad enough to make me forget ...
If you haven’t checked out the first season, here is a brief overview of what this anime series talks about. It is set on an island with perpetual spring cherry blossoms, where strange things occur. The second season is set two years later and narrates about Asakura Junichi who lives by himself and has several female friends that look after him. One day, a new girl named Aisia arrives and things start to get interesting.. . Animation is the best part of this anime. It generally looks good although on some occasions the characters’ mouths will move without being in sync with their dialogue. The designs of ...
No major spoiler.. The story starts with hero wanting to join the Demons for revenge against the human. Though there's no hint of that in the story.. . The concept gets pretty good though and there are moments the story shines. But character's other than hero are simple. It tries to be comedy but it isn't even funny. The story is sometimes good sometimes mid. But i think Slice of Life would have been a great focus for this story.(If they did that). Overall Good Anime 7/10. . May improvement could be made. But the show doesn't give you any empty feelings it feels comfortable.
Review (short ver):. In a nutshell: Socially awkward lesbo idiot stalks wizard to magical world. ----. PROS. +Cute magical girls. +Storybooks magic designs. +Strong side still being cute girls doing cute stuff. ----. CONS. -Story feels fairly weak. ...
(CONTAINS NO SPOILERS). Pluto is a interesting watch if you like psychological/detective style anime's, the slow buildup of the story until some of the big reveals were alright, not great but alright. One of my favorite things with anime's like this is when it gets to the climax and you realize all the things you missed that would have helped you discover the reveal/s. With Pluto for me it kind of felt like they never could get it quite right, something was either way too obvious that you saw it coming from a mile away, or alternatively there was zero implications of a plot twist and ...
I wanted to like this series a lot more than I actually did. I am a sucker for stories about dads taking care of cute little kids, and this show did give me enough of that that I still felt mildly positive about it in the end, but this is a case of wasted potential more than anything else.. . The central problem here is a lack of conflict, which is a surprise given the premise. Instead of a fish out of water comedy about a thug that's wholly unsuited to take care of a child, Kirishima (the main character) easily adapts, and he and Yaeka (the ...
Mahoromatic aims to bring a new direction towards the Battle Maid trend for shounen animes. But it does not succeed in creating balance. The show blends humor, sentimentality, excitement, and a hint of perversion, but the inconsistent tonal shifts are evident in its characters, struggling to make believable transitions from humor to seriousness.. . The story is set in a near-future Earth immersed in a shadow war between Vesper and SAINT. Despite the intention of Mahoromatic to be a parody of Neon Genesis Evangelion, it finds itself no more than an ordinary show. The characters are bland with average action sequences and mecha designs that pale into ...
I read the manga a while ago. So obviously I was exited for the anime adaption. But after watching the first episode I can't say I like how it came out. The graphics and also the art style are just not it. Yuukis Slave Form doesn't look near as cool as in the manga, the fights and shuuki look awful :(. I also don't really understand the name, they should have stayed with the original: "Demon Slave". The name Chained Soldier doesn't really represent the show but hints something else which could cause some kind of confusion.. I think for me something is missing, it just doesn't ...
It was okay, decent animation for what the show is to be perfectly honest.. . I dont know if I would really reccommend it to anyone, but if you need time to kill because youre travelling or something along the lines, this is pretty middle of the road "OK". As far as I remember when I watched it, there was NO ecchi weirdo shit which I know isn't a lot to praise for, but I'm really grateful for because the main girl literally looks like a child. The final fight was pretty fun as well even if it was predictable. If they did make a season 2, ...
I quite liked this anime, the different characters, the story is good although there are many holes to fill in, the plot is not told very well.. . In my opinion I think it is very overrated, Kobato is like a Mary Poppins but clumsy, and the story of gangsters and that someone owes money is very seen. I liked the ending of the manga more than the ending of the anime, it's not so corny, it seemed much more natural to meI quite liked this anime, its different characters, the story is good although there are many holes to fill in, the plot is not told ...
Gurren Lagann the Movie: Childhood's End (2008) is an entertaining and novel recap of the first 13 episodes of Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann (2007). GLTMCE is an amazing showcase of animation ability, every scene within the film is stunning, and the animation sequences (while sometimes repetitive) are gorgeous. Scenes that didn't make sense in TTGL are removed and replaced with ones that better explain the lore of the series which is a welcome change. However this is all there is to GLTMCE, since the film covers 13 episodes worth of content in just over two hours the pacing feels off, and the viewer isn't able ...
Dragon Ball GT is an anime that will divide fans; I recommend it especially for those who watched Goku's adventures since childhood. Those who only watched Z might be disappointed.. . Dragon Ball GT tries to bring back the nostalgia from the time when Goku was a child, introducing classic elements such as adventures in search of the Dragon Balls, a group, new places, and of course, the child Goku. The child Goku is already a disappointment because you would think that when Goku becomes a child, he becomes weaker, but he still transforms into SSJ without any problem, which is unrealistic.. . I liked Trunks' personality, but I ...
Today's subject,Slavery. . . . . . In the light of recent years slavery has become a very sensitive topic, well actually it's always a sensitive topic but ofc Japan with all it's mighty and powerful abilities to turn everything into something sexy said "fuck it,we balls" and balls they did.. . Mato Seihei no Slave labelled itself as an action anime but then again...it doesn't matter.. Is the fighting scene good ? No Does it matter ? No. ...
Just from the first episode, the CGI animation was hard to watch physically, so much that it actually gave me a headache. Too much action in frame at one time, too much frame movement/zooming, lots of dark/light contrast -- maybe it gets better later, but it isn't for me.. . As a reader of the manhua I agree that the story has been modified such that I could not follow along. My preconceived notions of the story line made it harder to understand on top of the animation issues I mentioned above. I always try to give a manga/manhua adaptation a chance, but I don't think I'll ...
tl;dr Overall decent, interesting premise and setting, good art, good ost, fun but limited characters. Somewhat boring plot as of 10 episode in.. . This anime definitely stands out from the crowd with it's setting, probably it's main draw. Not many anime are willing to dive into other cultures and while not the most accurate, it's good enough to captivate. While interesting in that aspect, it feel short in the writing so far and leave a bit to be desired in the main characters present through the show.. . Art - 8. While it might not be the most breathtaking anime you've ever watched, this is definitely a major ...
I dunno how to feel about this. Girst watched the bersion without the subs, so was kinda hard to understand the story. the animation is interesting, not the best, not ugly. It's nice to hear voice acting, but it's always just the same voice actress, not even changing voice a single bit. So the voice acting was not that good. Again, wish there would be subtitles to fully understand what's going on so i guess the story was bad? I know it's a stupid reason. And the music could be better, it was always the same tune, no matter what was going on. And due ...
While I had some hope for this I knew going in this would not hit the same as the video game as most adaptations rarely do. What we did get wasn't bad, it retained most major plot points and kept most things intact it also rushed a lot of them leading to them feeling empty and lacking the weight that came with them in the game. I really like that they brought in the original voice actors from the game and it made it a delight to watch in the least. The animation is good and the soundtrack borrows nicely from the game. As a ...
So while I do think this is good as a manga reader I can't help but be disappointed. Dorohedoro I would put in the same book as Berserk when it comes to art style, while not as realistic the style is just oozing out. To see a manga like that get slapped with the CGI treatment greatly disappoints me. Now moving on from that though I think they did a good job, the pacing does feel like things are moving too fast but that can be expected from an anime. The voice actors do great and they're doing a good job at adapting the story ...
Adaptations from the originals is a little bit rushed. Some scene or plot that should be extended or needed to have more clarification are left behind and does not explain much. Some scene that is supposed to be small or plot that is supposed to be resolved quickly are extended as a filler and act as one of those extra episodes to make the show longer for no reason. The progress however is unique unlike a lot of other cultivation Donghua. This make it one of a kind unique cultivation plot making the plot actually interesting. The reason I gave it a 5 is because ...
Let’s begin with what brought you here, Alucard. He is just as good as you expected. But this show doesn’t really show his real greatness. Most of the plot points circle around Alucard flaunting his superb skills and uttering a few smart jokes. It even has a subplot about Seras as she adapts to becoming a vampire although in reality, she is the main character . However, Alucard’s overwhelming power and coolness casts a dark shadow over everything else. The story attempts to be creative about vampires but remains dependent on traditional myths and clichés.. . As far as the characters are concerned , only Hellsing Org. ...
The concept of the show itself was interesting, but the way that they delivered the storyline makes it somewhat uninteresting and at times pretty boring. You keep watching expecting something interesting and new to happen but the whole time your disappointed by the fact that you can predict everything that's gonna happen in the episode, thirty seconds in.. . They tried to create something that was interesting and kind of serious, but then ruined it with its bland ass characters and way too much sexual innuendo for absolutely no reason, which really takes out of the experience.. . For example the main character. Hiro is portrayed as this ...
Hey folks! This will be my review of the second season of Kage no Jitsuryokusha. We have achieved partial release. This season was shorter than the first, though very much the same. Shit happens for no reason and we are simply dragged along for the ride. I was prepared to write show off as a bad job until the last episode. Certain events come to a close, we get some answers, and cap it all off with a major twist.. . Odds are if you liked the first season, you will like this one too. If you didn't like the first season, you wont like this one ...
This anime is probably one of the cutest little spin off shows to ever come from such a gorey and dark anime. If you tend to like more cute things in life, then this spin off is just for you! With all your favorite characters from Attack on Titan living in a completely different world, it is perfect to get your mind off of the original series if you need it!. . While it is a cute show, it also has a ton of callbacks (and also some spoilers if you squint hard enough) to the main show! Making it entertaining for people who both just ...
It is a movie animated by Mappa and created/script written by Okada Mari. It is hard to say if it's a good or bad title, I can see the idea where it was about to go, but it didn't. I would say it would be way better in a 24+ episodes TV series with expanded takes on few stuff with a higher focus on characters and on smaller plot events.. . If I would have to tell in nutshell what the story is about, it can be understood as philosophical approach, or at least I would search one plot message in this, as with the direct story ...
There are many questions that have plagued mankind for an uncomfortably prolonged period of time. Who are we, where do we stem from, whither will we fly, who steals the footwear every Tuesday from the Temple, and how on earth does every season a Hentai or two is quietly passed off as an Anime?. . Plot: I don't care what anybody else says, this is just a softcore S/M, BDSM play hentai, and not even properly disguised as an Anime. But seriously, if the plot is anything to go by right now, nobody should be surprised if just like Madoka Magica this ends up reshaping the magical ...
From the disseminators of CULTURE, we bring you " Drifters in an another world with another set of extraordinary individuals defying logic, reason and sanity with their abilities against..." Or as the plebians like to call it, Ishura.. . Plot: I genuinely tried to condense the plot for this review, and believe me the synopsis is probably quite decent in that regard. However, I'm sure you'll understand the dilemma of trying to do that within a few episodes. This is what a particularly messed up child of a thrilling Ménage à trois between Re:Creators, Drifters and Attack on Titan looks like on a healthy dose of heroine, ...
Well, after last season let's get something very, very clear, there is no point comparing the Anime to the Light Novel. Clearly both are their own separate entities. For instance, one of the most hype moments in the first part of the light novel was the rooftop scene, which as you'd expect DOESN'T exist in the Anime. So does many many many, and I can't emphasize this enough many key and hype moments. As for purely a standalone Anime, it's quite decent though. Anime onlys will probably find it much more enjoyable. Let's just not compare this to the source though.. . Plot and Characters: There is ...
Let me start with how I came across this anime.. Back in the day when this show aired I wasn't here on MAL checking out seasonal anime every season, which made me miss some of the shows. Noucome (I won't bother with the full title) was one of those shows. Some years later when I first heard about it, I decided to skip it based on the rating and genre. It took me until this year (2024) that I learned about the premise of the show and it finally peaked my interest. And now I can say that I regret giving it a try.. . We all know ...
The trailer for Mari Okada’s latest project implied something amazing. Moody and high concept, with beautifully rendered backgrounds, smooth animation, and a killer soundtrack. It had the makings of a masterpiece, and a great studio to back it up.. . When it quietly released on Netflix this January, I was excited to watch, though its score caused some trepidation. Indeed, all those elements the trailer promised are here in some form. If this film succeeds in any regard, it is aesthetically.. . Okada’s direction is sharp as ever here, as is every other aspect of the production. Its soundtrack is consistently strong, though misapplied occasionally. The voice ...
Sound! Euphonium is one of my very favourite series, so when I heard it was getting an OVA ahead of it’s third and final season, I was ecstatic! I will assume you’ve seen the prequels for the purpose of this review. Liz and the Blue Bird is not a required watching for this though.. . Story & Characters: Sound! Euphonium: Ensemble Contest Arc takes place after the conclusion of Sound! Euphonium: Our Promise: A Brand New Day, where, even though the band didn’t get invited to Nationals, the club activities still persists. Instead, they decide to take place in the Ensemble Competition for high ...
Have you ever thought to yourself "Hey, this manga would be great as an anime! Why hasn't it been done yet?". . That was me with this show--- about 5 years ago when I first started reading the Manhwa.. After completing it I can safely say it absolutely FLOPPED and did not live up to expectation like with Attack on Titan or Mushoku Tensei. But looking back on it, the signs were there and realistically even with better animation or editing this was about the level of quality to be expected.. . I will put it here if you don't want to read the following ramblings: This is show ...
When this anime had first come out and the episodes were slowing rolling out, it felt super hype and interesting to finally get an anime revolving around a spy. That said, starting during part 1, the anime began moving towards balancing between Loid and Anya, with with funny sprinkles of Yor all throughout the story, but focus wise, it was still on Anya and Loid.. . In this part / season, the anime ends up going all out on Anya, basically setting aside Loid and Yor, and making them feel more like side characters, than primary ones.. . I had picked up this anime with hopes of ...
The story of InuYasha is about a 15-year old girl called Kagome who accidentally fell into a well and was sent back in time to feudal Japan. It is revealed to her that she is the contemporary incarnation of a priestess with magical powers and partners up with a half-demon named InuYasha to recover fragments of the Shikon Jewel. Although the show has grown in popularity, it has also been criticized because of easily identifiable plot holes and repeating character behaviors.. . The show has mesmerized audiences from all around the world with a strange romantic time travel fairy tale with an evil twist. Nevertheless, while it ...
To be honest, I'm only writing this review to be the one with the review for this video. I've watched the video several times now, but I can't find much to say about it. The song is straight up a banger, I like everything I've heard from Ado so far and I was surprised to hear this song opening Spy X Family. I can't say anything special about the video itself. It's a nice looking colour festival with a story that maybe I still haven't quite figured out. The style is picture drama and in tune with the music. That's all I have to say.
Hey folks, this will be my review for Kage no Jitsuryokusha ni Naritakute. Not bad, not great.. . The story is a slippery devil. Is it a hero show? Or perhaps a power fantasy isekai? I don't really know at the end of the day. I have some guesses, but overall that's all you can really do is guess. Our MC Cid Kagenou trains hard and all the time so that he might fight injustice from the shadows. Initially he has some success as a low tier trash man, removing bandits and thugs. However his dreams, training, and ambition eventually net him a butt-load of power and ...
I enjoyed this show overall, but the one thing I couldn’t get over was how unrealistic it was for Yamada to fall for Ichikawa. Sorry, but in a real-life school setting, having the hottest girl in school fall for the loner is impossible.. Not only that, she actively pursues and initiates romantic interest in him. This issue broke all sense of immersion to the story for me and made watching less enjoyable. Even the anime is self-aware enough to know how unrealistic this plot is given the characters' reactions to their relationship.. . Yes, I know this is a romance anime where anything is possible and it caters ...
Great anime, honestly well-made. The characters were interesting, the storylines were captivating and the worldbuilding was awesome. However I have two big remarks:. . 1. The final two episodes. Not only do they not make sense, they are also needlessly agressive and traumatising. Also quite confusing.. . 2. The mystery. I love myself some good mystery, but in this anime, there are just too many unanswered questions. Instead of answering, they just keep building upon this unexplained stuff, which is really just confusing to try and follow. Even after watching "Heavenly Delusion Explained" youtube videos I still have a bunch of unanswered questions...
Oh, Mari Okada, I wish I knew how I felt about you as a creator. After her theatrical debut with Maquia: When The Promised Flower Blooms, she's back in the director's seat with a brand new movie, Maboroshi, or if you wanna use its Japanese title, Alice and Therese's Illusion Factory. No, I don't know why the Japanese title is so strange. I read something about how the names Alice and Therese, when said in Japanese together, also pronounce the name Aristotle in their language, which makes you wonder why they didn't just call it Aristotle's Illusion Factory, especially since there are no characters named ...
„Watashi no Shiawase na Kekkon" presents a story with promising elements, accompanied by impressive graphics and animation. At first glance, the aesthetic elements contribute to an engaging visual experience, setting the stage for a potentially enjoyable narrative.. . However, the story takes a frustrating turn with the main lead character. Her portrayal is notably frustrating – weak, indecisive, and seemingly incapable of asserting herself beyond a repetitive ‘danna-sama.’ The character’s low self-esteem becomes a pervasive element that can, unfortunately, detract from the overall engagement with the storyline. One can’t help but question the appeal of such characters in the market, and whether perpetuating this archetype truly aligns ...
Overall a nice anime.. If you have free time and you're done with the good series, I can tell you to watch it... . I used to really like collecting stickers.. Nice idea for an anime.. . I have not seen series like this.. The design of the characters in the series is very impressive.. I really liked the cards they collect.. . ...
This is a kids show. From beginning to the end. If you know how to read this show is not for you unless you really like unrealistic kiddie shows where everything works out trough magical power of friendship and thick plot armor.. . At first I started watching it because I really wanted to find a good adventure show with survival elements. This sort of fulfilled those desires except it's really geared towards young audience to a fault. That said, art is great, world building is decent. It's imaginative and pretty to look at. The story however makes sense if you are just started going to ...
Let's start with the good things: animation and graphics are nice, it's a 2005 anime so it won't look as pretty and clean as modern ones but it's still pleasant to the eyes (or maybe that's just my old school preference bias), if I had to find a down side is that sometimes the bishounen aesthethic is taken to such extremes one might find hart to believe some characters are male; I especially enjoyed the fight scenes, the dogfights in particular, for a story dealing with superhuman soldiers (that don't even appear that much) it keeps things within the realms of reality as much as ...
The second season of Jujutsu Kaisen is nothing short of a beautiful production. We can all agree that this season had some top notch work put into it, from the godly animation to the beautiful soundtrack. I can rant all day about the great things that came from this season but I just had one problem with the series that still lingers on even with the story progressing.. . My only real problem with this season or mostly the entire series is that sometimes within the story, there are situations where I feel like gege just makes something up to keep the story moving. A lot of ...
The anime stays true to the manhwa, faithfully adapting each scene without rushing or cutting corners. While this loyalty is appreciated, it becomes a double-edged sword. The animated series could benefit from injecting its own creativity, especially in the battle scenes. The manhwa excels in showcasing stunning battles through illustrations, but the anime feels somewhat lackluster in comparison. A bit more original animation could enhance the overall viewing experience. Nevertheless, the story and pacing remain solid, leaving only the animation as a minor disappointment for those craving a bit more flair in the action sequences. Oh right, the opening songs are bangers, though!
I'm so underwhelmed by this season! I still rated it a 7, but I'd say most of that is probably due to how much I already adored the characters in the context of Season 1. This still had some cute moments that made me smile or laugh, but overall it was missing what made me fall in love with this show to begin with: the family dynamic! Yor was separate from Loid and Anya for a majority of the season, there was only a couple memorable moments with the family together or even just Anya and Loid together, and even those moments were fairly forgettable ...
There's moments when this really works, but there are moments when it falls VERY flat also. It feels like a rushed incomplete work with too many cooks in the kitchen. I see sparks of brilliance, but then it'll turn around and have moments of VERY poor execution. The animation will be fantastic one moment, and then very poor (especially on the lip to sound factor) the next. It's like they constantly ran out of budget or time, but aside from that were doing good work till that happened.. . It could be worth visiting the source material for this anime, but the anime ...
A vampire girl of noble lineage is all but destined for a life of greatness, except that she does not want to get out of bed to achieve anything, much less greatness, and is instead dragged and coerced out of bed to fulfill her newly acquired and important role in society as a Crimson Lord acting as a general-figure, presiding over a number of vampiric forces.. . The story is simply haphazard. It is not an exaggerated claim to suggest everything was made up as it was going along. There is one clearly defined narrative promise made and kept to the viewer: the protagonist is the stuff ...
Is it worth watching? probably yes but get ready for some unnecessary mentions of pantsu and a dumb, blond, annoying dude.. . The setting looks amazing, the story looks interesting, the characters are a bit cliché and the fanservice is cringe.. The setting is the city of london, cool place especially considering that for obvious reasons most anime don't have europeans settings, in this case London is a magical city sort of, the world has weird and well designed dragons and they are up to no good or atleast some of them. With all these creatures and magic there had to be, as the title says, witches and ...
Hey folks, this will be my review for Yuusha ga Shinda. Simply put it's not very good. It is however a semi funny little time waster.. . I think we can skip over the paragraphs of text I usually put in and focus in on the tagged theme "Parody". I have no idea if the original creator purposefully made this shitty to parody the other shows they view as absurd, or it is just a shitty show/manga. There is a lot we can unpack and digest but it doesn't deserve that, so Ill summarize quickly. The story isn't half bad if you're just there for entertainment, ...
I would like to preface my review by pointing out that the show gets a lot of unwarranted criticism for being the kind of detective show where deductions are made up (they don't use solid, concrete pieces of evidence), but that is exactly the point of the show and they are done quite intelligently while integrating the supernatural into them, something which is best exemplified by the "yuki onna" story arc that stretches from the second to the fourth episode of season 2. The fake deductions in the show work towards solving the problem at hand in a more wholistic way, taking into account its ...
Watching Fantasy Anime part 1: The classics. . I've been playing dnd and getting into fantasy books/series lately cause i like the worldbuilding,aesthetics and the story( when i'ts good of course). Decided to give a shot fantasy type anime so here we go.. . Lodoss-tou Senki or Record of Lodoss war is you standard medieval high magic type adventure anime, you got your hero swordsman, elfs, dwarfs, wizard, evil warlods/witches/magicians trying to take over the world, orcs, goblins, kobolds, and most important dragons. Its inspired by a novel who also took inspiration from a tabletop game and it shows. With that out of the way lets dive into the ...
Aw man, I really wanted to like this :(. . Brief - Violet Evergarden follows Violet Evergarden as she deals with adjusting to civilian life after having been embroiled in a harrowing war for the past 4 years. Now that she's out of the service, she finds it difficult to adapt to her new life and the rigors unique to it. Quickly she becomes an Auto Memory Doll (transcriber, essentially) and sets out to find the meaning of "love" through her work and experiences with others.. . From here, the show takes us through Violet's experiences as a Doll and how people she meets through her job impact her ...
Lots of potential, but ultimately falls a little short. I think the anime could have been significantly improved if they made one or all three of the following better:. - Fight scenes - they seemed particularly boring, and with the budget they had they should have focused on at least one or two good ones. - Characterization - I feel like we should've had more time with people on reunion's side, but honestly a longer runtime would've been necessary for that. Fleshing out Frostnova a little more could've been done and maybe the Rhodes Island operators too.. - Worldbuilding - the backgrounds and background characters are noticeably dull, ...
I think I went into watching this show with way too high of expectations due to multiple friends hyping it up to me, and seeing tons of praise for it online. This show is just okay, it's nothing special. The only character I like is the main character mash. I know that it's a parody/gag anime and it doesn't take itself seriously, but there are so many better parody anime to watch other than this.. . It feels emotionless to me. They lean into the eugenics aspect regularly, but other than that there isn't much that's making me feel anything. This show quickly made me feel the ...
If anyone, like me, is planning to watch this because they saw the well-promising snippets on insta/tiktok, then honestly watch something else xD. . This anime is just plain boring. Every episode there's the same theme: Miko sees a scary ghost and doesn't know what to do, and Hana is hungry and makes for this silly and carefree character who occasionally curls her boob in front of the screen. The Godmother's plot is dropped after an episode, Yuria seemingly appears, but she doesn't bring anything to the anime either.. . Only the last 2 episodes interested me and made me eager to watch it. I haven't read the ...
This show doesn’t have a review? Well I guess I’ll be the first. First off if your looking for a mermaid themed show this probably isn’t it as the main character doesn’t really spend a lot of time in her mermaid form. The first ep is like the classic “little mermaid” story except instead of becoming a human and going to a fairy tale castle to chase, she becomes a high school student and starts going to high school. There are some good eps here and there but as much as I love 70’s anime, this show hasn’t aged well. If you like older anime ...
Another movie in the series and I guess I shouldn't, but I watched it anyway. At least I know what to expect. So, were my low expectations met or were they delightfully shattered? Well.... . - Story & Theme. It's a school trip, but surprise; it's also a training camp, but surprise; another school will also be there, but surprise; there are even more complications. This exposition takes up about a third of the movie during which time nothing else really happens apart from them travelling and talking. You know the old phrase "show, don't tell"? The writers of this didn't. Also, there is no tension at any ...
This is really a movie in two episodes. I thought that I might as well watch it since I'd already watched the earlier stuff and it's only two episodes. So, how did this measure up to this decidedly 'meh' series? Well.... . - Story & Theme. After the 'Eden' series events the clandestine government organization that Yuuji worked for was exposed and restructured. As a part of this the school in the first series became a school for new agents. Basically, the idea seems to be that since everyone now knows that the country has a taskforce of assassins they might as well train them in public. Only ...
Hametsu no Oukoku starts off with a strong premise, introducing a main character consumed by the desire for revenge after the tragic loss of his beloved. The initial episodes (1-7) are engaging, setting the stage for a promising narrative filled with intensity and emotion.. . The turning point comes when the main character encounters Doroka, who imparts a lesson about the pitfalls of revenge. This development adds complexity to the storyline as the protagonist grapples with conflicting emotions. While the idea of a character evolving and questioning their motives is intriguing, the execution falls short due to poor writing, leaving viewers more annoyed than empathetic.. . One major flaw ...
A.I.C.O Incarnation is not exceptional in any sense. It has an idea, it somewhat delivers on it. That's most of the show.. . The first two episodes build the story up relatively well. We follow our protagonist Aiko as she learns more about a world she was previously unfamiliar with. The story itself is more or less forgettable. They try telling a tale here or there, occasionally fail, and then bring the viewer back to the main plot. Much of the show is linear, but most of the characters are not developed enough for the viewer to care.. . The music is fine, the performances are decent, the animation ...
Unlike Alicization and War of Underworld, this season is decent. While the story itself is as good as the entirety of the preceding saga, the mere inclusion of Kirito coming back from his coma and immediately being overpowered is slightly off-putting.. . Even the ever so slightly forced love triangle (or is it a food web now?) between Alice, Asuna and Kirito is still bearable. Characters are sufferable, Kirito remains out-of-commission till about halfway through the season, and a tense climax is slowly built towards. The animation and colour pallette matches the tone of the story, and the continued collision between both worlds is compelling to ...
The first series lacked a cohesive narrative in a possibly interesting world. The special episode between gave the backstory to the protagonist and this series picks up right after that. All the pieces are in place for an interesting conclusion. So why do I consider this to not really be worth the watch? Well.... . - Story & Theme. The protagonist has told his story and the girls at the academy have read most of it. Now he gets accused for a crime and the girls must rescue him. The story is fine for what it is, but it's not anything special. With a greater focus on the ...
If you go into this show expecting a "normal" anime, you're going to be very disappointed. This is not a normal anime. The best way I can describe it is a couple VTubers doing improv sketch comedy in VR chat. There was an attempt at an overarching story, but it's so cliche that it really isn't worth paying attention to for the most part (with the exception of the final episode where everything suddenly gets way more serious out of nowhere, which gave me some serious tonal whiplash. In a good way that is). . I don't think I even need to say anything about the animation. ...
First half was great, second half was just a load of random crap with no consistency or cohesion to make it make sense, it felt like a marvel movie but atleast marvel movies kinda made sense, this just had a load of scenes randomly going ontop of each other with no time for pausing and its impossible to understand what on earth is going on, also the idea of gravity apparently does not appear in this movie with people standing on flying kaijus going all over the fucking place upside down and somehow they are standing still without flying off at 1000mph like you would ...
From the beginning of the series it is made clear that this anime will be slow, perhaps a little more than other "slice of life", and that what sets it apart is the "seriousness" with which the main story is taken.. Which is basically having an independent company with a low budget. Of course, this company is not ordinary, since its job consists of exterminating pests, pests in the form of Kaijus, with bad CGI, that forced the inhabitants of an island to abandon their homes.. The main characters have a good design along with their well-defined personalities and, in principle, different motivations that make us ignore ...
Being honest, this season mostly didn't do it for me. This arc definitely could've been condensed into a smaller set of episodes to be a part of a longer season, most of it was just one long fight in the middle. Tanjiro is still here, with additional characters to boot, but I don't feel we really got to get to know them outside of the fights and the short time allocated to their backstories. So it's a darn shame that most of this season is dedicated to the fights. Honestly, Mitsuri carried it for me, she is so genuine and passionate that it made me ...
The next adaptation of the Bleach thousand year blood war was ofcourse one of the most anticipated animes. But the question is that do we really want to watch this anime? I would say ofcourse you need to try it. But this second part was not really convincing. The anime just goes on and on and on with battles between the Quincy and the shinigami but there is no story in it. Its packed with full of battles. The first part was was really good with the battles and the story going side by side but this part was a let down. So no high ...
I normally don't write reviews for single episode shows that are just part of a larger series, but I'll make an exception here since I do have a few things to say about this. So what is it that compels me to write about what is essentially just episode one of the sequel show? Well.... . - Story & Theme. One criticism I had about the first series was that it didn't really focus a lot on the protagonist and this time around it's the opposite. This is the big backstory episode where you get to learn all about Yuuji Kazami and who he is. The problem is ...
This show entertained me a lot, it has very charismatic characters and it is a good summary of how money corrupts people, the obsessions and desires of each person become nightmares for others.. . They also show the most toxic part of human relationships, lies, deception, manipulation, being possessive. There is political corruption, fake news, depravity of the rich.. . I think that in the artistic and development part of the series it had much more potential than it ultimately offered, however it entertains you from beginning to end. The drawings are pretty ugly at first but then they get better.. . In summary, if this series had been better written, ...
The demographic for this is so oddly specific. You either love it because you watched it during your weeb awakening in middle school , OR you ARE a middle schooler who is in their weeb awakening. The CHOKEHOLD this anime has had on the shoujo loving community for years now, is absolutely wild.. . I remember watching this on repeat for three years of my life (12-15 y/o), but stashed it away so I could enjoy other new series. Now, watching it as an adult... girl.. it HURTS sometimes. It really does. The specific era this came out of; that mid-2000's internet where you watched the ...
It's not a review. I didn't take enough notes to make a decent analysis. I'll just say that it doesn't deviate much from the manga (which I personally judged negatively) and presents the same problems. However, this doesn't persist throughout the entire work.. . Here and there, in the first approximately 17 episodes, some modifications have been made, but more or less the story remains the same. Towards the end, however, the work changes completely compared to the original piece, starting to conclude some subplots much earlier than in the manga, which continue until the end, and then taking a completely different direction.. . The characters do undergo some ...
It's an alright show.. Very average in almost every way.. The our main characters each have their personalities and get into weekly antics but nothing really changes.. They both stick to how they already act and there's no big character flaws that they overcome, they hardly grow as people tho Uzaki learns how to get drunk and Sak starts hanging out. It wasn't something he was apposed to before, he was just content to do things on his own.. Also, a tad refreshing that this ISN'T about Highschoolers, they are first and second year college students and do have to do some adultish things.. All I get out of the ...
Another Kyoani Masterpiece.  . The anime is really good. The visual is a step up from the anime, and here we can see how Leiden develops in technology, as seen by the motorcycle that Benedict rides, the radio tower, and many more. I really liked Michishirube playing again, which gave me goosebumps. Many of the songs were recomposed and fit perfectly with the scene. Let's not forget the voice acting of Violet and Hodgins. Seeing the atmosphere and scenery at the cinema. would look very cool..  . The problem with this movie is just that it ruined the character development of the anime . The movie is a complete ...
Sirius made me realize something that'd been on the back of my mind for a while now, like a sneeze that won't quite come out. In a way, I feel like that describes the series in a nutshell.. . The plot is the story of all time: a protagonist driven by revenge and a tagtag bunch of misfit hunters race against several factions to obtain a McGuffin, one of which involves the MC's sworn enemy, and which acts as the... antagonist, I guess. Now, formulas work for a reason: you just have to know how to work around them. Tales as old as time will continue to ...
When looking for light hearted harem animes to watch I came across this one. The review I read said it was a harem with some serious issues being discussed and the idea of a more serious harem with possible interesting character development enticed me enough to have a watch. So how does it stack up to other harem animes and how dark and serious does it really get? Well.... . - Story & Theme. The premise is simple. The protagonist is transferred to a school. It's obvious from the start that he has some baggage and that the school, a huge one with only a few girls as ...
A great anime for the characters, story, animation and philosophy but bad or even dangerous about security and practical stuff for a month-long expedition in harsh conditions.. I enjoyed watching this anime. The main characters are well developed, the animation is great, the story is simple but nice to follow and the philosophy and hardship the characters go through are engaging.. Unfortunately there were several episodes around the middle of the anime that took me out of it because it was not believable. I don't know if it's because of japanese culture or if they didn't know or want to add this into the anime but all ...
Food Wars is an anime focusing on ambitious chefs-in-training as they vie for dominance at an elite culinary school, a premise that should surely appeal to culinary enthusiasts while also promising a high degree of competition, as is only appropriate for a shounen anime. The show's lead characters, Soma and Megumi, are likable and compelling enough, if somewhat basic, with goals that easy to understand and root for. The cast in general has enough quirk and personality to entertain, though the show does expect the audience to be invested in even the less developed characters with decidedly mixed results. The visual style of Food Wars ...
Title: A Whimsical Twist on Isekai - "Reborn as a Vending Machine". . "Reborn as a Vending Machine" offers a light-hearted and unique take on the isekai genre, introducing a quirky gimmick that sets it apart from the typical fantasy worlds. The protagonist's reincarnation as a vending machine in a dungeon adds a refreshing twist to the storyline.. . The anime embraces a low-stakes approach with its often slice-of-life plots, allowing viewers to enjoy casual and easygoing episodes. The laid-back nature of the show provides a nice break from the intense and action-packed narratives commonly found in isekai series.. . However, it's important to note that the animation quality falls on ...
I am giving this a 7 and yet dropping it. The first episode was actually very good. The art style is dynamic all the way through leaving me excited for the studio to make more works. His reaction to the zombie apocalypse after his life experience was amusing and perfect for a comedic set up. The next two episodes were good but not at a similar level with the third showing great potential for a strong second character. After that it felt the ideas were weaker and the comedy cheap. This is made more unbearable by the already repetitive tool of introducing episodic characters to ...
This movie was a 2-hour long introduction to systems that would be used in future seasons of Sword Art Online. There was nothing TOO good about it, but it did what it had to as a movie. It had decent action, decent plot, decent scenarios. Everything in it was just decent. The animation was better than previous seasons, but that is to be expected from a movie.. . AR was introduced, VR was overrun, new games were experienced, and Kirito was overpowered (again). What it did do was that it mixed elements well, progressed characters decently, and introduced characters that played some role in the outcome. What ...
Jujutsu Kaisen Episode 0. . . The biggest problem with this "movie" is that it's not really a movie. It's just 4-5 episodes stuffed together with a bigger budget and released as a movie. However, the content is like regular JJK episodes, it's like suddenly releasing the middle part of the first season as a movie, who would actually care about that? It could have been handled much better as a kind of double ova, but at least they made some money out of it, is that all that matters?. . Otherwise, the movie was reasonably entertaining, it was fast-moving and introduced a new "important" main character who is suddenly ...
Imagine a granny going on a Pokemon adventure, hopping from one town to another with companions joining along the way to collect gym badges (grimoire) while reminiscent of past connections - that’s Sousou no Frieren, except there’s no Pikachu, no Team Rocket reciting their cheeky motto, and no ‘gotta catch ‘em all’ jingle to sing along with. In fact I dubbed it as the wannabe adult version: a thousand year old elf regreting why she didn’t spend more quality time with her mortal comrades in the ‘good old days’, similar to the lecture your parents/grandparents bombard you with when you’re stuck in a car with ...
< concise review >. . Verisimilitude: The "lifelikeness" or believability of a work of fiction.. . Well, in Seven Spellblades, this is not the case. Something just feels "off". Character interactions feel forced and cliche. The script is boring, idiotic, and campy. Character expressions fall flat. And thus the show fails the believability test. This is sad, because on paper this should have been a fantastic show. But the people who put it together just didn't know what the flying f**k they were doing.. . The worst part of the writing is the transitions. Switching from grimdark to happy-go-lucky friendship slice of life time is entirely possible to ...
When people fall in love, they tend to try to make themselves more attractive for them. I mean, who cares about your personality or chemistry with someone when the other person thinks you're hot, right? Sarcasm aside, it's a little ironic that an anime movie could put such an emphasis on attractiveness and popularity when it isn't that popular itself. Why is that, though? Exactly what factors led to Kimi dake ni Motetainda being so unpopular that it didn't even get the English fansub treatment until nearly two years after its release? The desire to find answers to that question, as well as the character ...
On a visual level, it's certainly pretty and detailed, and the characters look and act distinctively, particularly the lead. I think the titular Raven, Shouxue, shows some excellent character development over the run of the series, both through her own personal changes and through the development of who she is and how she fits into this world, especially with her supernatural elements. There's also a lot to love about the setting. Much like a more recent series that I loved, Ōoku: The Inner Chambers, this deals in the elements of the inner palace and how they interplay after a coup de etat at the very ...
Furry Review of "The Eminence in Shadow". . Greeting, fellow adventurers and aficionados of the fantastical! I am Kiba Snowpaw, the Ice Wolf Alpha, a seasoned gamer and wanderer of the icy realms of HowlStrom. Today, I delve into the depths of the anime series "The Eminence in Shadow", a tale that has stirred the icy winds of my world and sparked heated debates among my kin and comrades, particularly my steadfast ally, Hiro Blazeheart.. . "The Eminence in Shadow", at its core, is an odyssey that straddles the line between parody and earnest storytelling. It's a narrative that attempts to weave the threads of self-aware humor with the ...
Preliminary thoughts at the halfway point of the season (ep 12):. . It's not a bad anime, and it certainly started off interesting and cute. However, the story slowly got more confusing and less enjoyable. I think I was misled at the start to think that this was a cute slice-of-life where Maomao just enjoys her life doing apothecary stuff, but it has become more of a detective drama with Maomao as an apothecary ex machina solving all the palace mysteries.. . Anyway, I'm just being harsh on the anime, because the real reason I dislike the show is because of one character - Jinshi.. I swear I've not seen ...
Though it delivers and entertaining plot-twist felt the narrative failed at portraying in more depth the connection between the characters; as the plot-twist is actually interesting and may have distracted the writers from focusing more on the relationships they were building.. Which is a shame, as these relationships are the gadgets that make the story unfold. One never really gets too close to a character, making portrayals of characters shyful.. Furthermore, the virtual world and its rules are not completely explained, which is also a shame as would have made the story more appealing.. All in all, another average anime, the art is OK, not breakthrough, and it ...
im not a fan of long reviews so im gonna make this short.. . so, as we know; the new season of horimiya adapts the content S1 skipped. it was plain boring to watch, and I pretty much forced myself though the eps but I'll admit some scenes were actually funny and I had a pretty good laugh.. the art style was pretty as usual, the show was very predictable and they made it really bland. they also seem to have extended the season too much with almost no progress.. . (also the side characters get a lot of screen time). go watch it if you're into fillers.
The story is so...simple, the plot have an interesting things but development of these things are...ok, its not so especial or a very enjoyable, is only okey without another interesting things throughout the story development.. . The characters are not bad bur same they are not have any special, they fulfill their function but nothing more. on the other hand, the deaths are really raw, shocking and very hard, i think this thing is the best of all anime.. . Finally, the production is really good, same animation as drawing and direction of the chapters are really good and nice to see.. . Well, overall I think this series can be ...
Boy oh boy, do I like some campy romance? Yes I do!. . Tomo is a girl! is light hearted, simple and comedic romance high school story.. Whole story and gag source is that titular girl is brutish, karate tomboy, and her love interest, Jun, a childhood neighbor, is also thick, sporty, karate bloke. And they know each other since childhood.. . Supporting characters are Tomo's best friend, a machiavellian sociopath flat goth-loli-like Gundou, cute airhead, but actually cunning emotionally closed imported blondie bimbo Carol, her love interest and cousin (sweethomealabama.mp3) Kousuke, who is girlish, blonde weakling, and Tatsumi - a happy-go-lucky pushover to fill the gaps, and is hinted ...
Title: A Rollercoaster Ride of Fantasy and Confusion. . "Banished From The Hero's Party, I Decided To Live A Quiet Life In The Countryside" takes viewers on a journey that starts as a promising slice of fantasy life but unfortunately loses its way towards the end of the season. The anime's animation, while functional, fails to excel and leaves much to be desired.. . One of the noticeable aspects of the show is its inconsistent identity. The storyline fluctuates between several genres, making it challenging for viewers to grasp a clear sense of direction. What begins as a tranquil portrayal of a quiet life in the countryside takes unexpected ...
Another had the perfect foundation : a novel so masterfully written and well thought out by author Yukito Ayatsuji that it captivated readers from the very first chapter, and a manga that adapted the source material somewhat faithfully. And somehow, P.A. Works managed to butcher its execution.. . The anime starts off well, with a story mostly similar to the novel's, accompanied by a beautiful art style. A suspenseful atmosphere is built up with appropriate music, colour contrast and voice acting. Occasionally, a certain plot point is revealed, a certain dialogue is said, that tilts the story in a different direction. Everything we see happens for ...
TLDR: I tend to be quite harsh with Donghua; they often try to minimize production costs and have much shorter episode lengths, resulting in smaller, less developed stories being told per episode. Japan has a much more robust animation industry and history, so some may consider it unfair, but Tencent and Billibilli tend to be behind many of the most popular works, a company worth billions of dollars. Daily Life of the Immortal Demon King often subverts this trend with decent production, sure not One Punch Man levels, but much higher than 95% of Donghua, especially when many solely use trashy PS2-level CGI. However, this ...
Well, this show was a disappointment. Somewhat nice buildup only to get rushed and turn to complete mess by the end. "Another" is an anime that really wants you to take it seriously and be afraid if possible along the way. The problem is, it doesn't take itself seriously.. . Rules writers set in some episodes are quickly then ignored and broken. Pacing is way off as development will be slow in first half only for second half to get rushed to all hell. I even had to rewatch couple of the later episodes thinking I must have missed something about why things are happening. Characters for ...
Slime starts off as a pretty decent Isekai. Season 1 especially started off really strong - it felt kind of like a progression / cultivation / LitRPG, with an incredibly OP character who slowly builds a community. It has levelling up, skill strengthening, ally recruitment, and town building - the kind of storytelling I find oddly compelling! I couldn't put the first 15 episodes down AND it was really funny!. . However, the show pretty frustratingly and quickly devolves into totally unnecessary fan service (later with a loli character, which is a hard no / red flag for me), and the plot becomes way less interesting ...
My very first serious anime love - as a kid, I would have given it a 10. I even made my first website about DBZ using Adobe Pagemill when I was 8 (it was, perhaps unsurprisingly, given the internet of the time, an image gallery of content not yet aired in North America). I have a lot of love for this show - it was genuinely the coolest thing I had ever seen at the time. And it got me into reading French (and is why I read all my manga in French to this day) - a particular feature of the history of official ...
There have been a few of these series now where the MC leaves adventuring or just starts a new life in some remote place / village and settles down to the 'slow life'. And when it sticks to that premise, I do find myself enjoying those kinds of series, though a few have disappointed when they quickly abandon that premise.. . So would this series be confident in its core premise and trust its audience? Or would it feel the need to add in extra elements because it lacks the faith that it can hold our interest without them?. Yeah, it's the latter.. . For me this series is at ...
As a general rule of thumb Shounen anime movies are pretty s**t. They have pretty crappy antagonists, no real plot and just have every mildly important or popular character show up for 10 seconds of screen time for some contrived reason. Commonly the main character will get a single-use powerup (Naruto will get a new one-use Rasengan, Goku will get False Super Saiyan, Deku will get some glove that lets him use 100% punches then it never appears again.) One Piece MOSTLY follows the trend pretty well, although I think it's movies tend to be much better than the average shounen slop.. . Most of the villains ...
(Mostly Spoiler Free)(Described in Broad Strokes). . Extremely mixed bag. So a fair warning, you need to be a fan of both dark fantasy and light fantasy. Cause the season begins as a light fantasy with hints of dark lore and at the end of the series it is the dark lore, with a few comic relief characters.. . So heres the story in very broad strokes(Stop for 100% Blind):. . First there is a tournament for Demon king with a hero running in it which is a very light hearted tournament storyline.. Then a few characters get teleported and a mostly light hearted journey back ensues. Near the end of that ...
At first, i didn't reallt like so much the story, that was very simple and without interesting themes.... at least until the second season, most of the second season was really good, the characters had a small moment to shine in the history, them seemed very pleasasnt to me and i found the development of the story very enjoyable, with a great story rhythm and some interesting things. . On the other hand...the production including animation and music was ok, is not the best but really not bad, that can be nice to see.. . The characters are not very good but for me they were good, they were ...
Finally caught up on Ancient Magus Bride S2 P2!. . Loved the continuation of Chise Hatori's life, and getting to see Elias Ainsworth in an uncomfortable setting. But as I suspected, the season felt a little boring/dragged-out multiple times throughout both parts. Not sure if it's because its a school setting, or the pressure of having to feel empathic towards all the new characters who've made an impact in Chise's new school life.. . I loved the happy ending, but wish we got there faster... and with a lot less questions that'll need to be dragged into the new season/chapter they've announced "The Fiendlane".. . The animation wasn't not worthy as ...
I felt like expressing my feeling on this season 2. Season 1 of Jujutsu Kaisen, was easy to understand. The story was straight forward. Went in a straight line to understand it.. . This season 2 was so confusing, I though it was the prequel in the beginning. Your zigzagging through the whole series. Well for me. My rating on this 2nd season went down. I was not excited about watching the next episode, like the 1st season. I'll make each section quick. . Story line: So, confusing. I'm lost most of the time. Your going back and forth, in a confusing way. I've seen so many anime like ...
It was fine, but really not that good.. . I've always loved watching sleuth related animes / dramas, but this really wasn't done that well. While I often turn my brain off watching detective things so I can fully enjoy them cracking the cases, this anime didn't give me any thrill. I was basically able to guess all the culprits way ahead of time, and there was no interesting plot twist, until a certain one that had completely no foreshadowing.. . While Ron is probably supposed to be somewhat eccentric and funny, I thought he was mainly just incredibly weird. For Toto, I had hope that he would ...
It was okay. It's not a masterpiece nor the best anime of the century, and it's not even trying to be. Even the anime isn't taking itself seriously and I liked this one about it. It's comedic, light, enjoyable but that's pretty much it. It's perfect for watching something mindless after work with my 2 braincells left. It's not for everyone tho. If you can't ignore the unneccessary harem scenes, the fact that some characters have the personality of a rock which they are trying to overcompensate with breast size, or overlook the obvious logical holes in the plot, then it's really not for ...
[Anime-Only POV]. Started up the season pretty nicely and chill, great backstory, great moments and tension in the early gojo-geto backstory, lets say I start with a low expectation at around 5 points, shot up to 8 around this part, then the start of Shibuya arc, up until Sukuna vs Mahoraga my excitement peaked at 10. after that, shit just went down and flushed in the toilet worse than any shit ever. nothing ever means anything at all, backstory? wtf is that, none of the build-up from ep1 1st season ever means anything except just to be fodder to open our Overly naive MC eyes.. Ultimately I ...
IT IS WRONG TO CALL THIS #1 ANIME, BY A LONG SHOT. Let me explain.. . The story objectively written at a solid 7/10, which is definitely a recommendation. Though it filled with tear-jerking elf stuff and general cheesy world building, the story itself follows logical and emotional directions. And adventures end up being fun, interesting encounters and challanges. With interesting characters, though they are on the cheesier side. That said, it is just that, nothing special. Which brought me here to review this anime.. . Why in the world, would an anime that is JUST DECENT would be ranked at #1 spot?. . There are so many animes ...
It’s an anime of an Otome game about a girl moving in with 13 brothers (a doctor, a lawyer, a hairdresser, several voice actors, an idol, and more).. It‘s just a trashy reverse harem from the early 2010s. What is there to have expectations of?. Honestly it was really good and just fun.. The main character was really passive, but there were understandable reasons and she acknowledged her passive behavior by the end. I think it’s rare to see a female lead be that self aware. She was also really cute and had good chemistry with all the brothers. She also had interests and hobbies ...
It's a good anime however, I must give a warning. If you have a disability such as Austism, ADHD, BPD, etc and/or your mental health is not currently stable, do not watch it. Either watch it with someone and when your mental health is stable.. This anime has drug abuse, sex assault such as rape, and other type of crimes and addictions. Very emotional anime as well. The story was also realistic, which makes you attach to the characters even more. Therefore it can trigger something in you.. . The art style is beautiful! The music is great! I got 2 new songs added to my playlist.
To be frank, I didn't quite enjoy the movie as much as the previous 2. The themes explored within this movie simply pale in comparison to what was shown in S1 and the previous movies. Sakura's conflicting feelings simply felt too distant for me to comprehend, though other viewers may think otherwise. I believe that the slow pacing and depiction of the problems experienced by the MC in the show simply didn't tug on my heartstrings.. . However, I feel like the SOL scenes and the deepening of the relationship is more than worth watching the movie regardless. Major and minor characters make their appearance too ...
Overall:. Ah yes, a guy got Isekai into a fantasy world.... as a sword. As an isekai junkie, I am set to watch all isekai. This is one of those that explore the trope. This is a hard one to review as it is a bit of a mixed feeling. Let's say that I personally don't recommend it for my usual isekai enjoyer friends. But for a newer watcher, I would recommend.. . Short conclusion: 6.75/10. . . Driving deeper. Art: Pretty good, the fight scene is well-animated. The action sequences are pretty nice. And is slightly above average in term of its beauty. 7.5/10. . Character: I think this is the main problem, ...
I couldn't stomach anymore episodes after 10 so I don't know the ending. Maybe the story got really good in the last 2 episodes, but right now, I'm sick of it and I don't even want to know.. Anyway, the anime started off good. I was intrigued and it seemed like it'll have some good mysteries, interesting characters, fight scenes etc.. After the first 4 episodes it all started getting pretty boring. Character development of all the protagonists pretty much stopped there and those were all shallow developments followed by some random power ups and grunting like the show couldn't decide whether they want to go ...
It was an okay movie I guess. It was a 5/10 or 6/10 movie, though I'm leaning more towards 5/10. This movie isn't really necessary to watch imo. Though it wasn't bad, so meh. It mentions a few lore specifics, but doesn't really expand it much. I guess to show people who used to date? Though this movie revealing past lovers doesn't really add much to it. It feels more so like a cash grab, than something that expands the world and is necessary. I think I get where it might tie into the next arc with ...
While I love the romantic plot of Kobayashi and Tohru, I like the parental role that Kobayashi plays for Kanna. I hate that they introduce a, not only sexualised character but a character that is outright stated to be the same age as Tohru, who then gets added into the completely unneeded sexual scenes involving the children (Kanna and Saikawa). The licking was the one that went way too far for me.#. . I don't do reviews on here but I feel it needs to be said, sexualising kids is just gross. It'll never be something that i can just ignore. i really want to see more ...
If you haven't consumed the original material, none of these episodes will make sense to you. If you really enjoy the characters and dynamics in the original game, there is no harm in watching this series because it is so short. However, a lot of the jokes in this do not land. In my opinion, they are repetitive and cliche, and I didn't laugh a single time. I didn't enjoy the OP very much and I can't say I'm a fan of the chibi art style. I would suggest this though if you wanted more content about your favorite characters.
Set in a apocaliptic world where humanity is on border of extintion and drinking water is almost non-existent are the main bases for what is all about this series and the general conflics that surround all the plot.. . The settings are interesting and the world building is something that from the first episode hook you though as you move forward on the series you go discovering that the structure that follows is rather pretty predictible and in general terms i should say kinda lazy not only in story but also character wise which provoques losing their most stronger points instead of getting something with ...
These don't do the actual stories justice at all, but the episodes are also 5 minutes long, so you can't expect much. I feel like these episodes could be used as good *trailers* or something to get you interested in the stories, but I can't say they told a story themselves. It felt like a compilation of clips more than anything else. The animation was okay, but the audio definitely could've been used to enhance the experience more. I felt it was way too mellow in scenes that were supposed to be dramatic. I would recommend this series though if you wanted to be refreshed ...
Most of the film can easily be considered a masterpiece in all aspects, but the final act sours the experience. The ending is great though! And fits in with the message the authors are trying to tell.. The final act introduces the secret background of Kaguya rapidly, which feels like an exposition dump and sours the experience. If those elements had been introduced in small pieces throughout the story, the pacing would have been fine and the ending would have had a greater emotional impact on the viewer.. The hand-crafted animation is beautiful, one of the best in animated media overall, and definitely elevates the emotions one ...
I believe this type of story should be a comedy/satire type, like One Punch Man. He went through the levels at a blazing fast speed and just sort of became a god both irl and in fantasy in the blink of an eye. Then the author constantly tries to import a percieved threat, in both worlds, but, why? You gave him god mode, why are you turning back on yourself?. . How can you possibly try to push a serious tone in this story? And it happens in every episode, right from the start. Embrace the silliness. Embrace the goofy tone. The mish-mash of tones doesn't work, ...
This season is, as some critics say, more monotonous, and more focused on various sites and landmarks. The girls are forced to grow up due to having an expensive hobby and having to manage the alcoholism of their supervising teacher, which is just sad and pathetic, though the show tries to show it in a comedic light, which pretty much fails. It's just tragic if you give it a closer look.. . It's good that the show included some depiction of Rin's fatigue, as she crammed a lot of activity in one day, though I understand that it would limit what they could show.. . There is less actual ...
Not very sure how I feel about this piece, it establishes itself in the detective genre but how the main characters solve the crimes is sometimes far-fetched and questionable (fairly predictable I would say). Some of the plot feels very forced as well, just written up to advance the story/make the characters more legit..etc. However the show is fairly entertaining and has a good pace. It does incorportate some sort of a semi 'supernatural' element towards to the end with the underlying storyline. Not sure where they are heading with that but looking forward to see if they come out with another season.
This season is one of the best seasons of AOT overall. I'm still living off this last episode high, but even so. Each word spoken is used and important. There are no filler episodes, no wasted screen time or useless still frames. Each part from the sound design, to the voice acting and character development. It's all amazing.. . Firstly, the story. The anime introduces many concepts and tries to juggle them all at the same time. You have many different factions, ideas, plans, backstabings, idoligies, all clashing at the same time. Each one trying to come on top of the other. And its intresting how they ...
It was pretty good it's one the few early anime I started watching online but NGL I love the first half of this season but goddamn did I feel like it ended way to early, the second half is still pretty decent tho.(then again the way they ended the first half of S1 was indeed unpredictable with a great twist I just hoped it went for a bit longer lol or at least showed more of what happened in between a bit more).. . Animation is still pretty good tho the only thing I disliked was just how they focused more on adding more and more girls ...
tl;dr: A very strong premise that shows a lot of promise towards the beginning but is overall terrible executed.. . *Note: This is a review of Part 1, Part 2, and the OVAs.*. . Moriarty the Patriot is an anime that focuses on James Moriarty, the best known adversary of the renowned detective Sherlock Holmes. To be more precise, there’s a group of three brothers all of whom are James Moriarty and all of whom are focused on to a degree, but the deuteragonist is undoubtedly William James Moriarty. From the start, from the title even, it is clear that Moriarty won’t be portrayed as a villain, but rather ...
It reached 4 stars because I found the change in the MC's attitude at the beginning very interesting and peculiar.. An anime with a lot of potential but which unfortunately remains static, unchanged, as if afraid to give a definitive answer to the questions of those who watch it.. . The main character had many chances with secondary characters, or so it would seem as the author continues to maintain a fine balance between romantic interest and respect by deceiving with tactical blushes.. The "final" answer amounted to a handshake like contact, dropping the whole thing into behaviors that again can be misunderstood, let's say that the mix between ...
its ur average most 5/10 12 ep romance anime but my god kubo is defo my type. . this time the twist is that only kubo's family can see mr main character because he goes invisible to most people. well at least there's a twist but mr main character is still as dense as every other mc of this same genre. i'm still convinced kyon from haruhi is the best main character.. . if you want to waste your time watching this go right ahead, i only watched cus i couldn't get back to sleep after waking up at 6am. i guess the whole appeal of this show is ...
Tenjou Tenge is a very interesting show. After a closer look, one could think that this is the show about fights and busty characters – however, it is far from such understanding. The story is about Souichiro and Bob, two delinquents who initiate a brawl in school and are defeated by Maya who has great fighting prowess.. . The series has a great number of characters; for instance, the Enforcers are its antagonists who have killed Maya’s brother Shin. The narrative is non-linear because we learn about the characters’ past which defines present events. There are bloodshed and fighting scenes all through the first episode but may ...
To understand my thoughts on this series, you need to understand my thoughts on the past few seasons of anime and how much of a disappointment much of it has been in general,. Anime that lost their direction, or anime that tried to stand out by either putting a new twist on things but but just ended up being boring, or looked to be edgy, and forgot that they also had to be engaging.. Not to mention the amount of anime that have stumbled and lack consistency, that have left me feeling unsatisfied or unfulfilled.. . To use food analogies, it's like being served the salad as a ...
The art style is very pretty and the story seems intriguing, but the main character is extremely annoying to watch. We're supposed to find her naivety endearing, but she just comes off as an idiot. It's also kind of unclear exactly what her "powers" are. The male lead isn't much more interesting or likeable, either. The two have no chemistry at all, so I can't even root for their love story. The whole thing over all was just so boring. They don't give much detail or depth to ANYTHING.. . I wanted to keep going to see where the story went, and some of the reviews made ...
Underninja is an unusual spectacle of violence and political intrigue; it was like the plot itself was obscured from the viewer, as a ninja would.. To some, this could be an obtuse and arbitrary series of events, but with a different outlook the story becomes a sort of puzzle box. The characters are both wacky and mysterious in ways that are not often seen, but it can be difficult to appreciate them while trying to decipher who is betraying who. Since this story is only beginning, the payoff may feel a little unfulfilled, but is not without satisfaction.. The show certainly offers quality, but it may ...
I read the manhwa and it is fire unfortunately though the anime is not. The story is good and the art is fine. Desir is definitely a the most fitting protagonist for this and the side characters although cliched they still have depths to them. I believe that the characters were okay however many character development scenes were rushed at the end .The pacing is off, a lot of still frames, okay animation, and they montaged a lot of stuff at the last episode. Overall still an okay adaption compared to other horribly adapted anime but if want more of the story then I ...
the positives:. i watched kaiji first, so it's cool to see akagi screw over the people who screw kaiji on a regular basis.. . akagi it's a cool mc.. . the negatives:. I knew nothing about mahjong before watching this, and I don't think I learned a single thing after, this anime expects you to know the basics of mahjong (which is fair, I guess, i don't think the autor thought that akagi would be watched outside of japan) so when the sections where they started talking about the plays i was there like "ahhhh i see i see" o i simply didn't read them, cause what for, it's not like ...
It was a good anime, however, can't really tell you "yea, it was amazing, dig in and you will enjoy it!". In fact anime has its positive parts but also some mistakes and cliché.. . First, there is some connection towards one of the famous detectives and stories from the books. I get the idea of the story and author who tried to build upon that, but I personally didn't find it fascinating. More like I had "what? why?" moment when there started being some hints around it. As it really didn't develop story any further and it's more likely just some base concept to build on. ...
I'm not going to do a recap of the plot because honestly, there is barely anything to talk about. People really hype up this series and it's giving me the same feeling as solo levelling or tower of god - it's just average. The premise is fine but I really struggle to take any of it seriously. I'm continuing to watch the series and it feels like it's more of the same so far.. . My main gripe is that it just feels like it was written by an idiot. The detective guy is maybe the best example - he can deduce things just using his massive ...
I kinda like this season, but there's also some reason not to like it.. . The story picks up where season 1 left off, and it starts off with a fight right away and it's hype. In the beginning, it kinda took its time to set the season, but then it started falling off halfway because the pacing got really fast and then things started happening for the sake of moving the plot, then more characters got introduced and there are a lot more people involved now, the stakes are high which is pretty lit. One thing that is still here that made me annoy the fuck ...
Like any sane person, I am a casual enjoyer of this show. It's nothing special, but it is fun, heart-warming and generally wholesome. I feel this season suffers a little though as they try to do multiple "missions" in a significant number of episodes which leads to it feeling more dry than the previous season. "Missions" can feel way too short like they were meant for a skit rather than to be part of an actual episode. Some also feel like they're cut off short leaving bits of them out just to make space for something that feels like it should be part of it's ...
Jujutsu no Kaisen is a twisted naruto like anime .... . The randon Naruto like character (the one hyped with the power of a monster inside ... that sometimes lose control to help the mc), team up with the op kakashi (the Op teatcher, that is cool and considered a genius and overpowered), the random sasuke (quiet not so friendly friend ... that is kinda op and more or less try to keep up with the power of the mc, and have some kind of family problems ... and a family member that is op too) and the randon sakura (The support female character ... ...
Panty & Stocking with Garterbelt is stylistically and contextually different from what most people would consider anime. It has a default animation style that is mostly associated with American Cartoons like "The Powerpuff Girls" with the humor of "South Park". The humor in a lot of portions of the anime is a little too low brow to be laugh out loud funny. The animation style and subject matter of plots prevent the show from being titillating in a way that shows with an Ecchi tag should be. The show would have been better in this respect if they had made more use of the animation ...
The action and animation are good as you would expect any Mappa production to be, and the opening is really something else. It takes a really long time to feel any investment in any of the characters, however. A lot of the characters get killed off before we can get any real attachment to them. Yuzuriha is probably my favorite character, and Gabimaru is not the most interesting protagonist. So far, I am kind of ambivalent to the setting and the antagonists. They are different, but they don't really keep my attention. This show also really leans into showing gore during the fights. The power ...
Kanon fits well into the formulaic narrative of a typical dating-sim game. It includes stereotypical characters like an annoying and whiny girl, a clumsy character who looks more like five-year-old kid or an outcast. The series, meanwhile tries to establish its own identity by vacillating between simple romance themes that are generic as well and a supernatural or horror feel which is awkward there besides the somber bit of it being tainted with death. However, the unrealistic plot features make it feel artificial and game-like. Character designs are not appealing and color tones inconsistent. The music is typical dating-sim game soundtrack and for the most ...
Don't let Sunghoo Park's sublime, albeit at times choppy, direction distract you from the fact that the source material is in fact pretty mid. They did somewhat elevate it structurally by splicing in scenes and dialogue from the main manga, but it's just not enough to make this work neither as a standalone nor as a series addition. It's mainly trivia. Yuta is a fascinating foil to Yuji, but outside of that and the gorgeous backdrops, I don't really see the appeal of this. Even the fights were better directed in the main show (the choreography is still there), but that may be bias on ...
I like how we're all gaslighting each other into thinking that this is some sort of a masterpiece when really it's just a semi decent adaptation of a broken video game with some cool action here and there.. . Story: 4/10. Art: 9/10. Score: 8/10. Characters: 4/10. Enjoyment: 7/10. Overall: 6.5/10. . I haven't played 2077 but what a series this turned out to be. With all its ups and downs I felt it still managed to be consistent even towards the end which is funny cause trigger. But it still never reached the mark I expected it to with how praised it is.. ...
A spin-off of the Tenchi Muyo OVAs. Framed as Mihoshi telling the gang a story about her past work as Galactic Police Detective, but filling (almost) all roles in the story with the usual Tenchi characters. The notable exception is her partner Kiyone, who makes her first appearance here.. . The story itself is rather straight forward and centers on apprehending a thief who stole 'ultra energy material'. With the roles of chaser and chased being played by the main Tenchi Muyo characters, the usual character dynamics from there carry over, e.g. Ayeka and Ryouko competing for Tenchi's romantic attention. New character Kiyone plays the unfortunate role ...
I want to love Violet Evergarden so much. It has beautiful art, animation, music, and writing - it's core themes are about a girl discovering who she is and what her place is in the world. And more importantly, it's about learning how to live.. . So what's wrong? The entire last episode, (and the pedo part with the princess but i don't think I need to elaborate on that). . Violet's entire character development is thrown away with one simple revelation: she will continue living...for Gilbert.. . Huh.. . The entire show was about her learning who she is *without* him, how to live *without* him...how does she just go a ...
Overall:. Ah yes, a guy got transported into a fantasy world. As an isekai junkie, I am set to watch all isekai. This is one of those that explore the trope. Hm... I don't know about this one chief, the CGI is pretty bad. Ah well, it is watchable at least. a very average isekai anime.. . Short conclusion: 6.75/10. . . Driving deeper. Art: Attack of the bad CGI. I don't like the usage of it in this particular anime. I know it is very hard to perfect cell shading but you cant just stub in a out of place monster in there. Well, with that said, it has a pretty ...
Overall:. Ah yes, a guy died and rebirthed into another world. As an isekai junkie, I am set to watch all isekai. This is one of those that explore the trope. I would say, this is an interesting watch with a bit of the so-called " weird anime thing™ ". It is surprisingly good for such a simple concept. Great execution, So I would place this in a solid "really good" tier. However, I don't recommend this to a normie or someone who just started watching anime. But for us isekai connoisseur, a must watch.. . Short conclusion: 8.25/10. . . Driving deeper. Art: Not super flashy but the action sequence are ...
I watch a ton of anime, rate them on here, and almost never write a review. I had to let my frustrations out on this one.... . Spoiler Free. It's almost maddening how scrambled this plot is. I'm legit shocked how high people are rating this. Yes, the art, animation, and fighting is amazing. But the story, it's all over the place. Like, how did they mess this up lol. I recommend that anyone who didn't watch the movie (Jujutsu Kaisen 0) to start there after season 1 before even touching this. Even then, prepare to be introduced to characters who you'll have no idea who they ...
Yeah i give this like a 6.5, i think the first season was a little better as this kinda drags a little but it stays funny enough to be worth watching. The extra characters introduced are good this season but still think it loses a little charm vs the first season.. . It does end fairly predictably, so people who are very into this kind of romantic comedy might enjoy it more than me though the story is by no means unique. If you don't like a Will They / Won't They story i don't think there's anything particularly special about this to really drag you ...
This anime is a little old so some of it’s part may not be as good as new shows. Indeed, it begins slowly and is full of introductions but gets better as we progress along the way. Nevertheless, there are still some points that could be better.. . Well, the story is all right after everything. Some of them need to be shorter, especially at the start. It is a tale for the youth; there are also several humorous, paranormal and action episodes in it. But it’s rather shallow and not very serious. Sometimes the tone changes too much, and it can be confusing.. . From episode 25, the ...
This Show was alright the beginning was amazing. But it was just to long for me to watch. I was hoping it be more than what it is but instead of if it being 12 Episodes its 24 FREAKING EPISODES it was just way to long and it just got kind of uninteresting.. . The Show was way to slow there was barely enough plot devolopment. It felt very slow and felt like another RomCom Anime . The show didn't seem very interestring. The beginning was interesting, The Plot seemed interesting. Then it just turned into another RomCom, Harem anime. It should of been a litte more ...
This series has been very strange. The first season was very compelling in the way it swayed the viewer to care for the MC purely through hatred of the way other characters treated him. The second season was a 2-year-ordeal for me to force myself to watch, and after finishing it I was surprised to find the pacing I reviled so much at its beginning that caused me to drop it for so long disappear when I reached the different world plot of the story. And now with this third season, I found it to be just... okay. It's closer to good than mediocre, but ...
The overall is very good, Tanjiro makes friends along the way, exceptional animation and very bloody and complex fights. But what really bothers me is watching the same thing over and over. Every arc Tanjiro has to fight a demon that is way more powerful than he is and keeps winning every single fight with the power of friendship. I mean, it's a shounen after all but all of the battles last 4/5 episodes where Tanjiro keeps passing out and coming back like, a thousand times, then when he is almost dying he finds strength to be the one who kills the demon. Every single ...
This show felt like a strange mix between World Trigger and Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei / The Irregular at Magic High School. It was a fun enough watch, but nothing particular special or stand-out was in it. (Not a spoiler, this is covered in episode 1:) The "going back in time to prevent a terrible future" time-loop part of the story is uncommon but not anything original. Overall it's slightly above mid in my opinion, and I enjoyed it enough. However the entire show felt very rushed and suffers from bad pacing. Not sure if the source material also moves the plot as fast or ...
Fourth season of The Daily Life of The Immortal King and maybe the worst. It would be lying to say I'm not enjoying the episodes, but the same is true if I was saying this is a really great show. I like it, obviously, because it's funny to watch ! And it seems like they chose to take this direction compared to the previous seasons, so it's a great thing to keep it this way. Thus, for the same reasons, I know it's not an anime that many will really appreciate.. . Give it a chance and maybe you'll like it, but don't hope for something really ...
I prefer this anime when the characters are still filled with three women.. Saki, Nagisa, Mirika.. However, in the second season, a disturbing character named Shino appears, I think this character is very annoying.. There are no tsundere elements but hypocrisy, talks about other people's relationships, and says it's for the sake of his best friend, but actually has hidden intentions.. . Compared to the other three female characters, Shino always expresses his opinion so that his friends' relationship becomes closer, but basically she also likes MC.. . This is made worse by the many accident scenes between Naoya and Shino, which always happen at certain times.. Makes this annoying character ...
The show is very flat emotionally. There is no drama, no disastrous misunderstanding, no heart-squeezing shows of affection.. The relations betweeen each character remain what they were at their introduction throughout the whole story.. The world in general is very static, so slice of life fits this show to a T.. . Comedy is very rudimentary as well, with obvious set-ups and punchlines.. . All this doesn't make the show lacking though, it just aims to fit the niche of easily watched and forgettable shows. It doesn't feel wrong to drop it at whatever episode, or pick it up.. It's fine for watching when you've had enough of everything. I'm reluctant ...
To be honest about this OVA, I thought the first episode was a comedic masterpiece. The teacher in episode 1 had me laughing every time he spoke and in episode 2, without him, I got sorta bored midway. It felt like it was less of a comedy and more of an ecchi. I think they should have just kept him in the story, which would have made episode 2 way more enjoyable. Because of that I will have to say Episode 1 is a 8/10 for the great english dub and the comedy, and Episode 2 is a 4/10 because it was just boring. Overall ...
There were quite a few things I liked about it, but on the whole it sort of felt like a mess.. . Things that were fun/good:. rainbow hair. pram is a super cute and fun character. azest is hot. . However - the plot in general is very basic and follows the same tropes weve seen a million times without really adding anything fresh. The main girl is annoying, and the logic of the MC / general reasonings doesnt make any sense. Were never given a reason why the MC is OP, nor are we given anything about the background of the world to justify the over the top "commoners suck" ...
The main character, Lord Tvrunefureuyrwouewourdhflpuiodsfyuoduf or something, is essentially Legolas but with red hair, including the ability to rapid fire and multi-shot perfectly aimed arrows at essentially any distance. Despite that, his side immediatley loses the battle they're in and he is captured by the enemy cosplay fetish porn star, errr...war maiden. She immediately falls in love with Lord Taurtysiaufhtisudhtuish at first sight, only slightly complicated by him being her prisoner, but not really since the hentai cosplayer treats him as an honored guest with complete freedom to do whatever he wants.. . The show then immediately provides a plot device to conveniently erase any ...
It's been a while since I had a review for something, and I had the urge to write one, especially for this particular BL anime.. my first-ever review had to be on a BL anime.. lol. Well I don't mind since I'm a fujoshi, but having the chance to read and own almost all the latest volumes of the manga of this anime, I felt like I needed to say something.. . First of all, some mangas are better left as mangas than animations. That's what I've been thinking the whole time I've been watching this adaptation midway through. I'm not gonna drag this out longer but ...
As another reviewer said, if you've never seen Mawaru Penguindrum and are thinking about watching these movies to find out what it's all about, don't do that. They move so quickly through the plot points of the series that it's difficult to keep track of what's going on, who the various characters are, or how in the world they relate to the other characters. It gets particularly bad in the second movie. I will need to go rewatch the series to remind myself of exactly what's going on.. . Also, by watching the movies first, you miss out on what is (in my opinion) the best part ...
Alright so after two decades hearing there will be a movie about Sherry and Gin.....yeah it made my day and made me get all excited for all kinds of news again. I had a lot of hopes and ideas on how this movie would turn out. Welp.....it surely did not turn out how I had expected. Which should have been logical but it is a little disappointing. I truly had hoped we would get something similar to movie 25.. Don't get me wrong, the movie is entertaining and has a lot of nice scenes. And some very weird ones near the end that are probably ...
So when exactly is this supposed to get interesting? Admittedly, I haven't watched that much, but so far we have the main character with a personality rivaling ChatGPT, an orphan whose entire tragic backstory is summed up in a 10 second flashback, and some other side characters that are entirely defined by the single quirk they possess: character A is a drunk, character B is overly confident, and so on.. . All of this would be somewhat acceptable if there was a lot going on in the series, but there isn't. It's supposed to be focused on the characters and their interactions, yet they somehow managed ...
The third season of "The Rising of the Shield Hero" is an improvement over its predecessor but falls short of the compelling narrative established in the first season. The primary issue that hindered my enjoyment was the breakneck pacing of the story. While a fast-paced narrative often elevates shounen series, in this case, it seems to be a detrimental choice. Rather than allowing viewers to savor each intense and meaningful moment, the show races through key events, leading to confusion and a diminished overall viewing experience.. . Although some episodes, particularly those set in the arena, were exceptional, even these moments deserved more development instead of being ...
Assassination Classrom The Movie: 365 Days' Time is a good, but not great, anime movie adaptation. The story focuses primarily on Korosensei's past, and the focus on the other characters was much more limited, which I found to be a slightly lackluster compared to the manga. The animation and production value are very good, with the action scenes being especially well-done. However, the plot tends to feel a bit slow and dragged out at times, and there were also some unnecessary scenes that felt like a waste of time. Overall, it was an enjoyable watch but certainly nothing exceptional.. . For those looking for something that's exciting ...
The visual section of this anime is very beautiful, very well set and detailed. My favorite places are the house of the lady where Emma works and the crystal palace.. . I thought it was a nice romance between Emma and William, their meetings at Mrs. Sownar's house, the way they met, but as the story progresses it became repetitive and monotonous, it seems as if Emma was worried at all times about the social position between her and William, she barely lets herself be carried away by her love for him and that is very boring to me, I would have liked more displays of love ...
KonoSuba: God's Blessing on This Wonderful World! is a satirical comedy that does a good job of poking fun at some of the more ridiculous aspects of the Fantasy genre. It's not really as dark or edgy as the trailer might suggest, instead it focuses more on comedy and satire. However, the plot can get a bit repetitive and repetitive, and the characters can sometimes be a bit shallow and stereotypical. The animation is average, and the soundtrack feels a bit bland and lifeless. Overall, KonoSuba: God's Blessing on This Wonderful World! feels a bit unremarkable and forgettable.. . While it can be entertaining and funny at ...
The first reason is the pacing. It often feels too slow and drawn out, making it hard to get invested at times. The characters are well-developed and sympathetic, but at times they can also be overly dramatic and frustrating to watch. The plot is also full of inconsistencies and plot holes, making it hard to get sucked into the story. In conclusion, Attack on Titan is a good anime, but it has several flaws that hold it back.. . If you're looking for a thrilling and action-packed action-driven story with well- developed and likeable characters, and a plot that keeps you hooked, then Attack on Titan is ...
Unfortunately, Assassination Classroom Second Season doesn't live up to the first season's hype. The character development of the main cast was rushed and the new characters were introduced without much room for the audience to connect to them, the plot has several holes and inconsistencies, and the ending feels incomplete and unsatisfying. The animation and soundtrack are still top-notch, but those elements alone can't redeem this otherwise mediocre season. Overall, Assassination Classroom Second Season is a disappointing and lackluster season that doesn't measure up to the first season's popularity or acclaim.. . It fails to live up to the first season's hype, having many weaknesses that detract ...
Assassination Classroom is a fun and entertaining anime with a unique and intriguing premise. The story centers around a class of students trying to assassinate their indestructible teacher by the end of the school year, making for an exciting and action-packed plot. The characters are well-developed and likeable, adding an emotional element to the story. The animation is top-notch, and the soundtrack sets the atmosphere perfectly. Plus, the comedy is fun and engaging, providing plenty of laughs. If you're looking for an anime that's entertaining, relatable, and action-packed, Assassination Classroom is the one.. . Assassination Classroom is a must-watch if you're looking for an entertaining, action-packed anime ...
The Royal Tutor is a charming and entertaining anime with a good balance of humor and drama. The characters are vibrant and unique, each with their own personalities and quirks. The plot is engaging and keeps viewers on their toes with a good mix of suspense and intrigue. The humor is also well-placed and not overbearing. The animation and music are very good, and the overall show has a heartwarming and uplifting atmosphere. If you're looking for something that's entertaining, emotional, and relatable, The Royal Tutor is a solid choice.. . I would definitely recommend The Royal Tutor to those looking for an heartwarming and emotional anime. ...
This one is a doozy for me, I like the concept, the execution? Could have been better.. . . It's bad enough we have this unending pile of Isekai, diluting the genre, it's worse anyone with an isekai fantasy can come up with an interesting concept and completely waste it, the anime is too caught up in the details, there isn't a bigger story, just characters that act in favor of their heroin when she needs them to, they are impressed by salt on food, the bar is really low, and soon enough she becomes this great at everything, so there isn't even a chance she'd be caught ...
This is an anime that must be watched without logic; in fact, absurdity is one of its selling points. It's utterly brainless, with absolutely no intention to make any sense: within 5 minutes, it thrust the audience into accepting that the main character, Aijou Rentarou, had to have 100 girlfriends simultaneously. Each female character represented a adorable stereotype (tsundere, quiet, smart...), and their sole purpose was to make the audience feel their cuteness, just like Rentarou did. The girls' stories and emotions were trivial; we only needs to know that they love Rentarou unconditionally and in a ridiculous way.. . The anime definitely exceled within its own ...
Although it's not a trailblazer or must-watch by any means, this show was done well for what it set out to do. It's not quite my genre, so I got bored frequently and had to watch an episode at a time in separate sittings, but I still think that if this show is someone's cup of tea, it deserves a reasonably high rating. It's got a lot of wholesome moments and the overall message of accepting others for who they are is nice to see.. . Story: It's got a slow pace, and not a lot happens by the end. People who don't do well with relaxed, ...
Not gonna lie and say this anime is not good. I enjoyed first season so so much. But the illustration got messed up in second season. The story is going too fast and while trying to explain everything in the end they just end up with confusing plot. I'm sure many people would say it's my fault that I didn't understand and that's why I'm for sure going to rewatch it again to have a better understanding.. But I still stand by my point that they ruined the flow of the anime just to speed up the story, they tried to make it throbbing and interesting, ...
After watching the 90's OVA and finding it pretty good I naturally wanted to watch this as well. The OVA only has 4 episodes so I hoped for a bit more of the same, even though this seemed like a reboot rather than a continuation. Sadly, this series just doesn't cut it and I'm pretty disappointed in it. So what makes this a worse watch than the OVA? Well.... . - Story & Theme. The main story has altered, but overall it's the same theme and setting. That's not really a problem, the new story isn't worse or better than the original, and though the story isn't the ...
This anime felt like just a bunch of popular anime ideas being grouped together and put through the motions.. . The speed of the story felt like Sword Art Online, where the main character never had to struggle through any challenges, things just worked out and you knew the biggest climax of the whole thing wouldn't last for more than 2 episodes.. . However, they added "realism" and wanted monsters to feel more real I guess? So they added CGI for monsters although they didn't feature too much.. . They added Demons vs Humans, and threw in everything they knew, beastmen and angels and whatever you can think of.. . They added the ...
Show is just as I rated it. It’s fine. Never really struck as anything special or was outright annoying. The puberty trope is boring, and I cannot stand the main character. He reminds me of the main guy in Classroom of the Elite a little, in the sense that he’s a dick and mostly just gets on my nerves, even before the end. The show never truly gives enough of an emotional attachment to any of the characters or situations they face to be in any way moved by the show. It is truly and utterly fine. I will say though, the art style is ...
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure is a classic and beloved anime with a unique and colorful art style, an engaging plot, and iconic characters. The Phantom Blood arc is a gripping and thrilling tale of revenge, betrayal, and redemption. The Battle Tendency arc adds an exciting element of supernatural powers and over-the-top combat, making it an entertaining and unpredictable watch. The characters are also well-developed and charismatic, making them likable and relatable. The animation and music are top-notch, adding to the overall enjoyable experience.. . I would definitely recommend JoJo's Bizarre Adventure to those looking for a thrilling and entertaining anime experience. The plot is gripping and unpredictable, ...
Rent-a-Girlfriend is a controversial and divisive anime. Some viewers find the plot and characters annoying and off-putting, while others find the story compelling and entertaining. The main character, Kazuya Kinoshita, is a flawed individual who struggles with self-esteem issues and has a tendency to act selfishly. The supporting characters are also fairly developed and provide an interesting dynamic to the story. The music and animation are pretty standard, and the plot has some predictable elements. Overall, Rent-a-Girlfriend is an interesting watch but not for everyone.. . Some viewers find the plot and characters annoying and off-putting, while others may even find the content offensive. The main character ...
Now I can confidently say that I did enjoy this season. But it does have it's flaws. Let me elaborate.. . It starts off fast. You are thrown straight into the action, which is not a bad thing at all. It is bad when they stretch it out however.. In the middle of a epic battle they will not hesitate to stop it for a full episode backstory. Some of these are needed, like the Hashiras backstory, but I feel there is a better place for them to be shared instead of in the middle of a fight right when something awesome is about to happen.. Another thing ...
Jujutsu Kaisen is a very frustrating show to watch.. . The production is top-notch—something that unfortunately isn't entirely a positive given the terrible working conditions the animators were forced through. For every clip of jaw-dropping animation, of which there are many, there's an animator having a mental breakdown on twitter for not being good enough. MAPPA is a studio that has long had accusations of overworking its employees, this production only amplified those to a new extent. But all that aside, it's undeniable that the finished product is beautiful.. . Unfortunately, the story is lacking.. . The reason I used the word "frustrating" is because it's clear that Gege Akutame is ...
The start of the story is what you can find in many other series of the genre, and also introduces many familiar Shoujo tropes throughout. The dynamic is also a common one, being that of an overprotective male lead and a shy, introverted female protagonist. Despite this, something about them feels distinctive from other Shoujo anime, and it’s refreshing to watch. There’s a subtle undertone of forbidden love to the story, which adds a refreshing aspect to it. Also, the show is packed with wholesome interactions that make it a perfect watch for anyone looking for something cute and swoon-worthy. The plot, however, is relatively ...
I think I get what Miyazaki was trying to go for here, but the movie struggles with being too ambitious. From what I'm hearing, in interviews, it seems more of a reflection on Miyazaki's worldviews rather than actually being a good film. I don't mind this being different from other Ghibli projects, but it really wasn't a good movie, Ghibli or otherwise.. . About 75% of the film is a basic slice of life adventure. By the time things get interesting, the movie is almost over. Instead of spending so much time on the mundane stuff, there should've been more time spent on the symbolic, spiritual and ...
This anime seemed ambitious. The first half is an elegy for the bygone golden age of galgames, while the latter half is a paean to human imagination and passion. If the creators chose to focus and deep dive on either one, this anime would likely have been a better show.. . For galgame enthusiasts, ep.1 is a nostalgic trip down memory lane, featuring names from the heyday of galgames: _Dokyusei_ (Elf), _Shizuku_ (Leaf), _Kanon_ (Key), _Rance_ (AliceSoft)...Aaaaaand the ending theme was composed by Shinji Orito from Key, with Lyrics by Kotoko (a pity that it wasn't sung by her!). As the main character, Akisato Konoha, time-traveled to ...
I mean, it's just another shounen ain't it? It's not bad but not great. It's just fine.. It has all the tropes you've seen before. From power scaling to traditional character archetypes, although it's a bit more edgy than more common shounen.. None of the characters were intriguing to me. Don't really care what happens to any of them. Same with the story. I just didn't care for it.. Nothing is truly great in this show. Everything is just fine. It does enough to entertain you but it always seems to be unable to take it to the next level.. It's a good show to just ...
Ruroni Kenshin is considered to be one of the greatest shonen series even despite all negative information about the author. Plus, the fact that an old show is still talked about made me intrigued because it usually means that a show did something really outstanding for its time. However, an anime I watched has nothing like that and either it is a bad adaptation or the show gets better after 40 episodes or maybe the fame of the franchise is the result of pure nostalgia.. . The story itself is too simple: the anime doesn't try to use the full potential of the themes it presents, the ...
The show is broken into three acts. Oiwa is a youthful woman. She was betrayed by the person she loved and so hed become an Onryō – a vengeful spirit. Some scenes are disturbing, but the story is engaging because of its characters. It has the “feel” of a drama, it is almost like theatre play.it resembles some Greek tragedy as well . The second part of the anime is based on Tenshu monogatari . It is the tale of two star-crossed lovers. A princess from a castle of forgotten gods falls in love with an ordinary man. The story morphs into a Shakespearean tragedy. ...
I applaud the time they took to make an entire album with 3D animated music videos. However, I find that most of the songs sound pretty average and the animation, for the most part, is pretty stilted. Some of the dance moves are pretty awkward, too, and it kind of felt like the animators didn't know what to do in the instrumental interludes.. . Here's a list of my favorite to least favorite songs:. 1. Black or White? - a banger, also I choose black; this and #2 are why this compilation is overall a 6 and not a 5.. 2. Candy Parade - another certified banger; love the ...
When Darling in the FranXX was first released and was riding the wave of its initial popularity, I watched it, but I don't think I finished it. If I did, I don't remember. I tried to watch it again, and it was kind of rough. I think it's in the green for me, as in, it passes the test, but just barely. At its best, Darling in the FranXX is very emotional and powerful, but you don't understand why. At its worst, Darling in the FranXX can be very boring.. . The art style is really nothing impressive, and furthermore, the design for the FranXX' is ...
This story prioritises plot twists rather than focusing on the core themes that it's built upon.. . Like many others, I was immediately drawn in by the unique and intriguing premise; a show about a dysfunctional family who seek solace in their online family which turns out to be their real family anyway. Yeah this premise means absolutely nothing in the grand scheme of thing; random loli bait characters, female character who loves mc for literally no reason, other random characters introduced and promptly forgotten about until their plot relevance...this is a spoiler free review so I won't go on but I have a LOT of problems ...
I think this anime was made too short. Each episode is roughly about 2 minutes long. Having read the manga, it could go on for much longer, kind of like what was done with Lucky Star, having a large conglomeration of short stories per episode instead of having about 3-5 each.. . I love the characters and the character designs, so having longer episodes would really help build up the characters. In the manga, even though each story is short, eventually they start to intertwine into a larger story and eventually starts to get even more fleshed out, so it doesn't really work with this format of ...
I regret sticking with it till the end... I'm just glad it's over so I can wash my hands of it and forget it exists.. . It keeps stringing you along with a few amazingly well written scenes (some for the edge Lords and some for the misanthropic cynics) making you hope that it would get better as it goes, but nope, it's a train wreck that doesn't know what it wants to be.. . Feels like each episode had a different premise so it failed to deliver on every promise that it made including the revenge plot that it opens with. The main character failed to take advantage ...
I don't know what the light novel or manga is like, but man was the author done dirty by absolutely subpar animation, direction, editing and acting. It may be that the novel was never that good to begin with, but it was definitely made worse by this anime. It sort of feels like two seasons squeezed into 12 episodes sometimes.. . I'll skip the story summary (it's a sister moe/harem romcom) and get right to the point: Is this worth spending your time on? For most people, no it doesn't meet the standard of animation of 2018, but if you can look past the amateur animation ...
About this anime... on paper it sounds interesting and fun, but the other is true.. . At the beginning show tries to make us care and everything other than the esport. The fact that esport and the weirdly named game aren't properly fine tuned in the anime really brings it down. Teams behave like normal players in ranked and not pros. Instead of communicating with their team they sqeak with each death and use tactics from ebay.. . The game itself is just bad, idk in what universe such game would be popular. Its trying to be spin on counter strike and valorant, but that's all it ...
Spy X Family Season Two is a very conflicting sequel. It offered little in terms of actual plot progression for the most part. If you somehow developed an emotional connection to these characters in the 24 episodes that made up season one, perhaps so much filler wouldn't be an issue. But for the majority of people, myself included, it is rather underwhelming.. . For those who have watched season one of Spy X Family (and if you haven't, why are you reading this?), it's not like it necessarily gets worse than that first part. It's very similar in terms of quality. The problem lies in the fact ...
Before I begin kind of small SPOILER alert ( that is why I marked it as Spoiler warning NO so don't worry), I am not going to talk about specifics but you can get some of idea of the plot, kind of... ( it will not impact your watching experience you will just get little pieces from the story from here and there and will not spoil any of the plot). . So lets start of easy the sound track like in the original is like an 8/10-9/10 at times. Animation has been improved since Naruto so ill give it a 7/10 (that is compared to ...
I thought this anime was going to improve in this new season, but in the end I preferred the first season, the plot becomes very confusing and too many coincidences occur. The argument of the first is more balanced.. . I think William and Emma are two characters made for each other, that's why I think I would have preferred the two more determined characters to be next to each other, living in the house of the lady from the beginning, for me it would be the appropriate ending.. . My opinion I think they unnecessarily lengthen the plot, I would have liked them to delve deeper into Hakim's ...
With the world exposition done in previous season, more stress is being put on the overarching plot of the story.. . The crisp feeling of discovering a new world fades bit by bit, and storytelling is in my subjective opinion markedly worse than the preceding season.. . With the plot armor of being fundamentally and inextricably linked to the THE mystery of being isekai-ed, our protagonist uncovers new facets of the plot wherever he goes, despite having no real agency to understand it.. Other characters linked to the mystery tend to push the protagonist where he needs to be in order for plot to progress.. It is not a good thing ...
Battle Programmer Shirase is a funny show with jokes all through it. The show has only 15 episodes and features Akira Shirase, or BPS. He uses his computer-hacking abilities to help people in need. However, he is quite lazy. Shirase doesn't charge for his help; instead, he likes getting hard-to-find computer stuff. His great-niece, Misao Amano, helps him with making food and tidying up. The program has some jokes about Shirase and Amano accidentally getting into sexual situations, which is a joke that continues all through the show. The story has parts, but the same bad guy makes most of the trouble. In every round, ...
Eh. It was okay. Nothing special to be honest. 3D models of robots and monsters fighting. The story was interesting, but some episodes are too boring in my opinion. And I do mean boring.. . The character development. One or two characters developed good I think. The other people don't develop much unfortunately. In my opinion. Or maybe three characters developed. Not sure.. . The art and animation of this anime is alright I guess. The fights are mostly 3D. Outside of that, it's alright. Average I would say.. . It's difficult. Really difficult. One hand, the story is interesting, but some episodes are so boring, like I ...
This anime is a must watch for people who enjoy deep, complex fantasy stories with very well developed characters. It is an interesting anime because of the way one gets emotionally attached to the many characters and their intricate backstories. The anime seems longer than it actually is and it keeps anyone interested, even those who at first doubt it.. . Still, this anime might not be the favourite to people who feel like complex stories are… well… too hard to understand. The overwhelming number of characters might also make this anime less likeable, especially to people who hate not remembering the details of every main ...
I have a soft spot for pilots/unfinished OVA's, so I'm gonna give this mega-obscure hentai it's deserved first review.. . Art and animation are pretty bad for '99 standards. I've just finished watching Office Affairs and the difference in quality is staggering. This was probably made back in 95 or something and released much later.. . Still, the designs and backgrounds feel quite original; big cyberpunk vives (even a robot with a dick!). The story is batshit-insane, most of it is not explained and it abruptly finishes before the climax fight. Can't say it wasn't entertaining though.. . I usually skip the sex scenes on hentai anime and just ...
Though there’s little to like, there’s plenty to admire in this particular Ikuhara series, usually in the aesthetics, occasionally in the writing too. Everything’s set at angles in Yurikuma, which tie in with the dividing lines made quickly apparent between the bears and the humans outlined in the opening narration. Despite carrying around a reputation for being obtuse, Ikuhara is as subtle as a sledgehammer here with his themes – pretty clear pretty early on what’s being implied with the divide between human and bears, and the devouring and so on, and in case it isn’t clear Ikuhara will make the character repeat the same ...
Kanojo ga Koushaku-tei ni Itta Riyuu is an Isekai anime with a reincarnation plot. I won't lie, reincarnation plots can get a bit repetitive after watching so many. However, this story felt more unique in terms of the depth of plot compared to others with similar storylines. The comedic and romantic elements of the show made the watch a cheery one, and I enjoyed watching it without having to think too deeply about what was happening on screen. It's a nice show to watch when you need a break from your life and want to delve into a different world for a while.. . Character-wise, you couldn't ...
I heard that the manga was great; to be fair, the storyline was quite interesting. But the production of this anime was so bad that I considered dropping it multiple times.. . The anime can be roughly divided into two parts based on progression of the story. The first half is a (relatively) light-hearted and comedic isekai adventure, contributing most jokes to the show. However, most humor felt "forced", and the overall pacing was slow. It seemed that the creators wanted the viewers to be patient, but the quality of the production simply couldn't sustain such a leisurely pace for the story to unfold. A substantial portion ...
I saw scenes of Horimiya anime on Instagram so I got curious but I don't want to watch anime that's not completed yet so I read the manga. The manga was so good I completed it in one sitting so I expect the anime will be on par or better than the manga considering it's in motion compared to a still picture of manga.. . When I was watching the anime, so far so good, the art is good almost everything is good it's just there's a lot of scenes that was cut, like a tons of it, those scenes made a lot of sense in the ...
I am so confused with the plot but you know, this isn’t the worst. Honestly I’m able to enjoy most Animes, good or bad. Also, the characters are pretty, The Art style is what you see in a few other Animes, The Mech designs don’t look too bad, and at least this Anime HAS a Plot. There is worse Animes and this doesn’t deserve a 1 star in my opinion. It’s actually pretty entertaining for me to watch. Also, the Girl’s outfits looked really well done if you know what I mean. Although the Plot is hard to understand, Maybe you can enjoy it if ...
All I could think of was "Why isn't Miku in this? Why is there a knockoff Miku?" I really don't see the difference between the two as characters, and I honestly find that Miku or any other voice synthesis would have been better than a human in hard autotune acting as an android. How did there even get to be so much Monochrome stuff during this time? They even make a Miku reference when they see a box of leeks! At that point, I started feeling like they were aware of the similarities, whether it was on purpose or not.. I'm also not a big fan ...
Beck was an up-and-down rollercoaster for me. Some moments feel like a 9 out of 10 and some moments feel like a 5 out of 10.. . The Good:. The premise is great.. The concept is awesome; especially if you love music.. The basis for most characters is decent.. There are great emotional moments.. It expresses social problems like bullying as well as social issues very well.. . The Not So Good:. ...
At the very least, it had the potential to be interesting. I do love when an anime manages to accurately teach, and provide the experience of a hobby I’ve never heard of. Even if you’ve never played the game, it managed to pull you in and make you interested. While this is all lovely, it’s too bad the protagonist is the most basic and boring dude in all existence.. . I suppose there’s a reason why he is the way he is, but that won’t force me to actually care about him. He’s very monotonous, and self pitying. These traits weren’t backed up by much. Some ...
The plot happens in the not far off future when Earth always faces danger from rain of meteors. To fight this, a team of young and good-looking ladies called Comet Blasters is made. Their mission is to stop the big rocks falling from space before they can hurt anyone or anything. The tale is about four girls, called Shizuha, Ayamo and Karin. They are working to be Meteor Sweepers - a team that takes care of the pieces left behind after big stars break into smaller ones. Everyone wants to be a Comet Blaster, but only the top Meteor Sweepers are allowed for tests.. . Mikaze, who ...
Aghh.... damn it.. . I'm not the kind of person that watches sports anime. I'm not saying it's a bad genre - I'm just not drawn in by their premises. Nevertheless, I firmly believe that there are some incredibly good sports anime out there, and I thought that, perhaps, Welcome to the Ballroom would be one of them. I'm not gonna lie, I got curious. I had a good feeling. The positive reviews, an I.G. production, I said this is it, this looks like a gem. Yet here I am, at episode 11, dropping it... what went wrong, exactly? Well, plenty.. . First, kindly allow me to ask: why ...
This is my first review of any work. I challenged myself to write this time because I feel that now I have the confidence to criticize beyond the obvious.. . I don't want to go on too long, I won't do a specific review of each episode or plot facts, I will do an overview addressing and discussing the nuances and ideas discussed, I will also go over the technical aspects, but I will focus on the essence of the thing. Having said that, I will move on to the analysis.. . Chobits is about love. He talks about many types of love, from fraternal to love complexes, such ...
This review is purely about the anime version. If you want an actual Boruto itself review, read my manga review.. Or even better I would say just read the manga, its only 81 chapters.. . I'll start by saying, the anime is good. However, as people are aware. it is about 70% filler if you follow ONLY manga content.. A lot of the anime cannon arcs are actually very enjoyable though. For example Mitsuki's backstory arc. Something not mentioned in the manga. I would advise skipping a lot of the filler content and a large portion of the anime canon as most of it is just additional ...
Definitely in the "So bad it's good" category.. Story was not unique at all, it was a complete isekai cliche.. Art style was standard, nothing particularly special.. Characters were essentially caricatures, I would say my favourite was the one who ate carrots like they were crack.. Character reactions were wild to say the least. MC wastes so much time and does things in practically the hardest way possible for no reason.. MC essentially does a gotta catch em all run, it's practically comical that he gets OP so quickly with basically no barriers at all. Girls fall for him on sight, all situations work out and the show twists ...
The game's story is better but it's pretty good. I kind of lost interest in it about half way through and just soldiered through the rest of it. None of the characters stood out to me like the ones from the game did. No one in this entire anime was as good of character as Judy, or Panam or even Johnny. David was your typical shonuen one note protagonist and Lucy was your typical Zero Two bad girl type of character to play off of the wimpy protagonist. How ironic that this studio also made Darling in the Franxx. (One of my most hated anime ...
Actually not really a fan of this adaption. The animation is really slow and stiff. The voice acting is kinda bad. It sounds like they're just reading off of a script in front of them. Griffith is the only one who sounds like he's actually acting. It cuts out some of Guts' backstory also. Along with some other stuff. I understand why as it aired on TV but it is important to the story. OST is god tier though.. . All in all, it's the best adaption of Berserk we have. But it does leave a lot to be desired. I really hope at some point ...
I'm going to be honest, this show is a decent show. The antics and immature innocence of Migi and Dali are both heartfelt and plain insane. The main premise of the show seems to revolve around the village and whoever murdered their mother. Which in itself is an interesting story and plot. However, most of this show seems a bit boring to me. That doesn't mean it isn't interesting or good. Usually a show is supposed to hook you by the first episode. I was skeptical by the end of the first episode and kind of didn't really care much about the theatrics of Migi ...
This is heartbreaking, to be honest, when the show was announced I was incredibly hyped for it. A Returners Magic Should be Special Manhwa is one of my favorites that I have read but unfortunately, this anime does not do it justice. The animation is pretty poor, with tons of still frames, and there's even filler. The whole show feels incredibly phoned in and half-assed. Starting off with the art style, the original manhwa is incredibly stylized with bold colors and lines, the spells look powerful, and the art style is unique. In the anime the colors are flat, the spells look like png assets, ...
The most important is the reason you choose for watching!. . The more I think about the plot, the more your experience will be ruined. It is full of holes. Don't watch this for plot only.. . On the other hand, if you ranked it highly like me, you adored the fights too. Perfect atmosphere, although somewhat the quality of them felt a bit inconsistent, but still - this is pinnacle of what I have seen recently.. . Besides soundtrack, there were some little details, that made the atmosphere feel more realistic - you'll notice if you concentrate on those, therefore an excellent aspect of the show, which definitely ...
As far as I am aware that this is how Sailor Moon usually is, I still have a tremendous amount of love for this franchise. I love the 90s series and the original Sailor Moon for me will always be that one, I gotta say that for sure.. The whole new adaptation, Crystal, was kind of refreshing, it was like following my favorite childhood series all over again but I gotta be honest about how disappointed I was with the first season. After that, they kind of made it enjoyable with season 3 and even made a satisfying film with Eternal for me but I ...
This is a hard one to write but definitely give this a watch if youre a seiota (seiyuu otaku) like me lol. In the anime we got hella loads of famous seiyuus (check above), but ofc the plot is not all that impressive. I did get a few good laugh or two but that's it. Nothing special about this but if you're bored and have nothing else to watch like me, yeah you can watch it to waste your time but if you're looking for something meaningful, there's not much to find in this anime tbh. I wouldn't really classify it as SoL tbh cause ...
This anime feels like a cross over of "Shigatsu wa Kimi no Uso" and "Hibike! Euphonium" but isn't particularly good at anything. It lacks in the drama part compared to "Shigatsu wa Kimi no Uso" and in the orchestra/music part compared to "Hibike! Euphonium". A lot of parts are filled with cliche and slow story development. The characters are mostly dull with the occasional event thrown in to make the story work. For the music part they could have added more pieces rather than repeat the same piece over and over. The animation is mixed with CGI which ruins the music performance since it can't ...
THIS IS A SPOILER-FREE REVIEW. . If you look at some of the most referenced shows of the early 2010s, „Highschool of the Dead“ is one that very often comes up as one of the first examples. But what got me interested in this show was actually the staff that worked on it, because this show was directed by one of the greatest anime directors of all time, Tetsuo Araki!. . Story – 7/10. . This show definitely hits the ground running in the very first minute of episode 1. The pacing is extremely fast for the most part. Zombies are an integral part of the horror genre to a point ...
Are you currently under the age of 14? Well have I got the anime for you! Join formally unnamed reincarnated character, now Cid Kagenou, on his adventures to live out his life-long fantasy of being an edgelord while living his day-to-day life as a background character. In this world where side characters have inspiring names such as Po Tato, Skel Etal and Mundane Mann and the main organisation has 30 minutes of screen time; in The Eminence in Shadow or Kage no Jitsuryokusha ni Naritakure! everything can happen EXACTLY as you expect it to!. . Plot – 5/10. Right, this does not set it off to a great ...
Im very disappointed with this adaptation. It skipped a lot of scenes, interactions between the characters that builds up their relationships and turned a lot of things into slideshows (Promised Neverland S2 style). They fit around 53 chapters in 12 episodes. Its so disappointing because it lacked substance making scenes less impactful. The animation also didn't help. I loved Arvo's adaptation of "Bokutachi wa benkyou ga dekinai!" but it seems that they don't excel in combat animation. I gave the anime a 6/10 just because Im happy that this got the attention of the anime industry and got animated.. . If the anime is your introduction ...
For the first episode, I quite liked this anime, although basically I was a little disappointed because I thought this was an anime with a male MC.. But that's not a big problem, because I can still enjoy this anime throughout the episodes.. . I praise the design and workmanship of this anime, it has good graphic quality and beautiful characters, it is very pleasing to look at.. But unfortunately I can't recommend this anime, because towards the end I had several questions about the storyline.. . First things, who is Echo? In the anime I didn't get much information about them, even when one of the male characters experienced Time ...
Oro? Oro oro??. . Ruroni Kenshin… a beloved classic produced the year I was born. I decided to pick this up mainly because of how good I’ve heard Trust and Betrayal is, but after finishing the series proper I had to write a full review because it would do this show a disservice to just slap a number on it and move on. I’ll try and keep this one brief. I’ll probably fail.. . This is a show I want to be able to say I love, because there’s a lot here to love. Kenshin is one of the gems in director Kazuhiro Furuhashi’s Infinity Gauntlet, next to Hunter ...
A super honest review of an anime that I like, but I have to tell the truth, this is One Piece (I saw it all until now 01/02/2024). . Story 07/10: The story is very complex and well told, it has a huge number of criticisms of various problems in our modern society, it has emotional moments. But the grade was 7 for two reasons. . The first is, given the size it was obvious that it would be full of criticism, I guarantee you that almost any anime that reaches that point would have done this, an example of this is, tell me an anime with 100 episodes ...
I am a huge one punch man fan so I came into this show thinking that I was gonna love it. It was alright. There were some cool moments like when the main character caught a bullet in his mouth but overall the plot was pretty similar to about 50 other highschool animes. Overall I don't regret watching it but I would recommend watching better series before this one. It does a good job making the show suspense considering how overpowered the main character is. Decent and i'm probably going to watch the next seasons. I think the characters could use a bit more ...
its a cute warm anime with slight tensions.. if your looking for a cute yaoi this is defintly one to watch with a convincing relationship and chemestry between the two male leads.. . for the music/ band part of the anime is were it kind of lags, especially the music department.. the finale song is worth all the build up given to it and is a great addition to your average play list.. . the problem is beyond that their is a sever lack of music besides a few vague chords and drumming. and the 'La's.' By the end of it i was ready to murder someone if i heard one ...
Toki wo Kakeru Shoujo (or, "The Girl Who Leapt Through Time" for the English-speakers) is one of Mamoru Hosoda's most recognized works, and not for nothing, either. Despite the issues the film has (and I'm going to be as blunt about it as I need to), the strengths it possesses are almost enough to disregard all of that. Almost.. . The first issue that I can bring to attention is the animation. In a lot of shots characters and surfaces lack detail. This wouldn't be an issue if it was a matter of backgrounds (not everyone is Mappa, and thank God for it), but it's especially ...
New Game! It delivers exactly what it promises, a cute girl with other cute girls doing... cute things? In general, this anime is like one of those cartoons you watched as a child, where you're not looking for an experience, but just want to see something silly. If you don't want to waste your time watching something complex, this anime is for you.. . Story 05/10: The story is that cliché thing, she's just a girl who's fulfilling her dream of working in a games company, other than that there's no big plot or anything like that.. . Character 07/10: The characters are very charismatic, despite having no depth, ...
This season was full of spectacle but lacking in a lot of the emotional tension and strong character dynamics that made season 1 so enjoyable. In this action focused season we see some fam favorites pushed to there limits and some truly beloved characters die and even a member of the main trio nearly killed for good. But similarly to the junk movie it all felt to fast. All style but lacking substance. I think that long time JJK fans will love this but I think it will definitely need to catch up with the manga to grasp the full weight of the story narratively. ...
GANTZ made me think a lot. It looks like it's supposed to be for teenage boys, though it is labeled as "seinen". The story was interesting to me and it got even better. The second part of the show has a big surprise that I didn't expect. This makes it very exciting and interesting to watch. Keep in mind that the anime comes with grown-up topics like violence and blood. This show is rough and can be likened to an 80s Hollywood film. If you don't get upset easily and like a good story, then feel free to watch it.. . A one-of-a-kind story is there where ...
I like this film, but it feels.... weird maybe rushed, maybe unfinished. First things first it looks and sounds great so no complaints there, my problems are with its narrative and story.. If i really had to put a theme/message/lesson to this movie it would be... birds are creepy? I guess?. The protagonist is an odd fellow?, or is he manipulative and ruthless?. Is his new mother bad? Good? I don't know, and neither does the movie.. Now seriously, if i strain myself searching for something, i guess it could be about accepting that all you have worked for, will some day crumble into nothing? Possibly it's miyazakis ...
its a great story in terms of creative world building in a post apocalyptic setting, the monsters are fun and the ongoing mystery will have you constantly going over the clues inside your head trying to piece everything together, which the writers are great about dropping something every episode.. . the part were it falls apart is the characters, more specifically their relationships to one another the first half of the season is fine as its still in the introduction stage but the second half is really were you start putting up the internal (?) and "Really?.". . the way they deal with sex, sexuality, and gender just lacks ...
If your kink is severe social anxiety than this anime is for you. It's like Bocchi the Rock, if Bocchi was completely without talent or character growth. If you're someone who doesn't get into the fetishization of mental illness, then you probably wont like this. Literally all this anime is would be "protecc the cute helpless animal" with some yuri baiting.. . Yes the character designs and animation are good. The base story plot is somewhat interesting. But I watched weekly the first 7 weeks and it was tough to get through the last few weeks. Each week the protags voice and way of ...
Cowboy Bebop is an undisputed masterpiece, probably one of the most acclaimed anime series ever. Space Dandy is a parody on that masterpiece made by no other than the director/writer and producer of Cowboy Bebop. In addition, the parody engrosses all other space, mecha, superhero, and tokusatsu sci-fi since Atomboy.. . So I absolutely cannot recommend this thing if you are a novice in anime, even if you already watched everything listed above. If, like myself, you're watching anime for a good quarter of a century and know not only the anime but also much of what anime of the recent 50 years roots in, meaning ...
"Liar Liar" takes a refreshing spin on the overpowered protagonist trope, presenting a main character who, rather than possessing extraordinary strength, relies on cunning deception and mind games. The anime introduces a unique blend of cerebral action and subtle humor, deviating from the traditional emphasis on physical combat seen in many anime of the same genre.. . One of the standout features of "Liar Liar" is its focus on the protagonist's intellectual prowess, using clever strategies and cheating tactics to outwit opponents. This departure from the usual flashy battles provides a fresh perspective, making the anime a standout in a crowded genre. The mind games are engaging ...
This OVA is the side story to season 1. In an episode of season 1, when the viewers will watch, a question will arise in them. Like, what happened after that scene? The answer is- this OVA.. . The art style is ok and the character reaction is also ok. Teasing or bullying is also present but in a romantic way. it can be said that, romantic teasing. People will enjoy it besides season 1.. . Recommendation: Don't take this anime seriously, just enjoy the story of this anime. (As it may be annoying for those who hate bullying.). . Please, watch season 1 first, then watch this OVA. So that, ...
I don't really like to write reviews about works I like, but I feel like Haruhi deserves it as it was one of the first anime I watched, and after rewatching it about 5 times over the years (including both S2 and the movie) alongside other works I feel more confident about organizing my thoughts about it.. . Haruhi is, overall, a good show. Speaking strictly animation, I find the art style and environments (that is, anything besides the SOS Brigade HQ) a bit too generic or forgettable, but the amount of detail put into the characters, mostly Haruhi and Kyon, makes up for it when it ...
A fair warning to new anime watchers. You will be recommended to watch this.. Please do not. First it is a really heavy piece to start with, second you will not appreciate the amount of greatness this anime shows in art and sound. You should have a profund knowledge of the history and making of anime.. . This is a psychological anime driving deep into the consequences on going to unfamiliar environments, and how its curses could spread into our society. The characters are struck by different personal issues showing affect during the show. It is not a mecha anime, please don't watch it for that.. . For me this ...
Zom 100 has a lot going for it, especially in its premise and first three or so episodes. This anime has an absolutely stellar first episode in particular, but as I continued to watch the story unfold, and like a zombie left out in the sun for too long, I realized that things could only get worse from here.. . Zom is a lot of style and very little substance. The animation, the choreography, the striking use of colorful paint in the place of zombie blood, everything on a visual level is just amazing. The opening song is an ABSOLUTE banger, and the both of the ...
Tokyo Revengers is one of my favourite series, I've already completed the manga and even though it's not the best, it has a pretty nice and exciting story with enjoyable characters.. Here we're talking about the anime adaptation though, and compared to the manga unfortunately, LidensFilm didn't make a good job, but not only in this season, in the previous ones too.... . The biggest problem is probably the animation, sometimes it's good while others is really terrible.. The movement, the fight animations, the most important part when it comes to this type of anime, are pretty bad, I don't know if it's a budget problem or if it's ...
I randomly discovered this anime, and I don't think it's that bad, but it obviously isn't good either.. I was very shocked by the gore tbh. I didn't read the synopsis or anything like that so, that completely caught me off guard. Another thing I didn't really like was the fact the episodes were only 4 minutes. I wasn't sure about the anime starting, but I honestly think it had potential. It's got a good story line (to me at least).. I heard that the manga makes more sense than the anime so, I plan on reading that to make sense of whatever the heck that ...
I really enjoyed the first season of Kono Oto Tomare!. . When I first watched the anime I was so confused about the beginning of the story but after finishing the whole first episode it started becoming more interesting to watch that I can't stop watching. Some people might probably not like music genre anime, but for me this was my first music genre anime and I really liked it alot, and the fact that it also has some romance part in it makes it even more better.. The backstories of every character is good and way more realistic than most animes nowadays.. . Kudou's smile somehow reminds me of ...
So, I'll just get straight to the point here, Zom 100 is probably both one of the best yet uninspiring anime out there. From a critical standpoint, while the premise is quite unique and interesting, in my opinion, where it falls flat is simply the depth of the characters and the world, as well as the lack of a deeper message going forward apart from "just enjoy life" or whatever. It doesn't aim to create any lore for itself or make the characters more interesting and feel real either. Everything here just feels very stereotypical and idealised to the point where it just gets annoying ...
im not like a furry but beastars made me feel some things tbh.. Overall it's a pretty good show to watch when you're bored and has decent character writing and a good plot.. i do think my opinion is a little damaged cause i didnt like the artstyle.. it was pretty dark and some of the characters borderlined animal racism if thats a thing.. the music throughout the series is really good although some scenes seem to depend entirely on the music to make a statement which isnt bad but that tool could be used less.. the story is definitly like a highshool delinquent romance cliche ...
I have a lot of nostalgia for this show, which I wouldn't give much credit to the show for, when it mostly is just a result of the very specific timeslot in which this show was created, and the unique, video game-ified, futuristic take on magic and fantasy, which seemed to give off a unique aura in the early to mid 2010's that reflects the internet and the culture of that time.. . There's a lot to be excited about for this show.. The plot's apparent dark undertones guiding the story along, perfectly parallel with the well-crafted setting of a boisterous and commercial city, revealed to be a ...
Plot: 4/25. Pacing: 5/5. Character Integration: 7/10. Character Development: 5/15. Animation: 18/25. Genre Integrity (Action, Fantasy): 14/20. Total: 53. . This feels like the awkward middle child between the prequel and the sequel. Nothing really happens that can't be summarized in a few words. They could've waited before they released this season; I'd prefer to watch the following arc as well instead of leaving this on a dumb cliffhanger. The action scenes were quite nice, and because this is the middle arc between the two more important ones, they did a good job moving the pace along. All in all, its a decent watch if you are in the mood for some action ...
This is an adaption of an ancient Japanese tale about a war between two great clans that ruled the country during the 12th century. The plot mainly entails the different battles that took place and the gradual downfall of one of the clans, with an anime original protagonist and supernatural aspects that didn’t add much to the story; her and another character inherit abilities to see into the future and see souls of the dead respectively.. . After tragically parting with her biological father, Biwa, our protagonist (apparently) meets the compassionate leader of the Hieke (Taira) clan, Shigemori. He decides to take her in as he ...
Worth watching, not worth loving.. . Gorgeous guys are featured, even some pretty girls, a bit of comical fun and a lot of ~smooches~ scenes.... . I feel they could have done so much more with this series, but it okay enjoyable.. If you liked it, then read the manga for more I would say.. Recommend to watch it at a hentai site, so you get all the skipped parts, since episodes are to short in both versions.. . I am having doubts on a 6/10 or a 7/10 in overall view since no second season, if a 2nd season was coming then 7/10.. But right now (year 2024) it just ...
I really wanted to give this anime a positive review. The first episode skillfully blended narrative and performance. It was like a breath of fresh air waking up my drowsy senses. The portrayal of the "black" company life in the first half was both humorous and despairing: obscured angles in the cramped office, or dimly-lit horror vibe outside the office. The visuals even gradually shifted to black and white without me realizing. When the protagonist, Tendou Akira, started the zombie chase, the animation exhibited astonishing expressiveness while transitioning to color – it was truly remarkable. On top of that, there were so many splendid moments ...
The initial mystery was very good. Although detective story connoisseurs will see the solution coming from a mile away, the step by step logical deduction with no leaps in logic make for a very interesting watch. The banter between the two main leads is also very enjoyable. However, by the 5th episode the show starts introducing too many unnecessary plot points involving various fictional and real characters from European history, and making them important to the plot. This detracts from the main drive of the show, which is simply watching a fully sentient girl's head in a birdcage solve interesting mysteries. The introduction of these ...
I haven't watched a lot of Ghibli films but I still know that there normally is some sort of educational part or at least a very beautiful story to miyazakis films. But with this one it just feels like he is starting to get dementia while coming up with a story. I want to add here that I was watching this movie with two other friends of mine and they were as confused with the story and development as I have been. But let me sketch it out for you how I felt would be his thought process for this movie after watching it:. . > ...
I have mixed feelings about this second season. In my opinion the first one was a way better.. Because i feel like every episode of this season is just reapeating by the same things. But i did enjoy the last episode when there were Floid and doggo together and both have fun, was really nice. :) I didnt really like how author presents Becky´s character, like she is lil kid and i find it very disturbing that small kid which could be old like 12? is after Loid, or acting freaky towards him.. But still some people might enjoy this. But if someone is searching ...
Since nobody wrote a review yet, i'm going to do it quickly.. . For those who watched the anime, the movie starts just after it and finishes the story of the Great Snow Sea. So, If you liked the anime, or just want to watch the conclusion of this history, to understand the reason the Great Snow Sea and the great Trees exists, this movie is a must watch, a kind of last arc big episode. In short terms, the Movie is a direct sequel of the anime.. . As of characters, scenario, animation, and all others things, it follows all the same as the anime. No surprises here. ...
This anime started good but then it suddenly stops,no proper ending or a "to be continued" it just ends,tried to read the novel but it has been abandoned for 15 years,some of the misteries start to feel a bit forced towards the middle of the show and the romance never gets past the "blushed face" phase,so if you like a slice of life anime with a little bit of high school mistery and your average dose of high school romance that just suddenly stops at 22th episode with zero signs of ever receiving a sequel then this is the anime for you.
I have to say I'm actually growing a bit tired of the teasing about their secrets leaking out. I can't wait for the reveal when they learn about each others lives. If that ever happens. I get it's half of the plot and the writers would probably be fucked without it, but they could just end the plot and do something else.. . Also the pacing of this season is a bit off. There have been too many unnecessary sidestorys that haven't been taking the main story forward. Where are the fun and dangerous missions where you could mix in both the MC's? The cruiseship arc ...
3 episodes in and I'm really disappointed. Probably going to drop this.. . I really liked Miyamura being the alternative outsider character and the story revolving around that, but now it has changed to ''how to domesticate alternative edgy boy''. Would've liked to see more of the juxtaposition of the two MC's but no, here we have a basic boring romcom with conventionally good looking characters trying to be sad about mundane shit no one actually cares about because they have no real problems. Grow up.. . The animation's good as ever and the art style is pretty but it doesn't save the show.
I tried. When the first season came out and people went nuts over Jujutsu Kaisen I was patiently waiting to binge the whole season to check it out. I do it every time when the new big shonen thing comes out. Sadly, most o the time it just doesn't work for me with the post 2016 modern shonen. All the new hyped things just lack something. "Wait till they adapt the next manga arc, it's going to be peak". Well, here we are. I just watched it. 23 episodes. Shouldn't I feel something?. . Constant non-stop action and fights, animations is so beautiful, so cinematic at the ...
This song was very good except for the bad parts. The lyrics are quintessential genius and really delve into the concept of sushi and the consumption of this product. Sushi is one of the corner stones of Japanese culture and its impact on the outside world cannot be understated. I believe this is the relationship that is being hinted at by Pikolo in the song lyrics. His use of the terms "can you see im sushi" can be interpreted as his impact on the outside worlds view on Japanese culture. This is related to his most famous hit song pineapple apple pen. This relationship between ...
These three episodes are the three weakest episodes created. The other series is much better. The voice acting was absolutely impeccable and was the highlight of the series. The use of a singular persons voice opened up different avenues of exploration for the mind to explore this comedic genius that was witnessed. This was the first anime of my year and the last of last year. My bar is not high. As this was the first anime of the year it is my favorite anime of the year. If you are watching this do not go in with a serious mind set. If you are ...
"Am I Actually the Strongest?" is a series that caters to fans of overpowered protagonists, providing an enjoyable yet undemanding experience. The anime, unfortunately, falls short in certain areas that might leave some viewers wanting more.. . For those who revel in the exploits of seemingly invincible main characters, this show delivers on that front. The protagonist's powers, however, lack a solid foundation and reasoning, which might disappoint those seeking a well-defined world with intricate world-building. The narrative tends to prioritize the spectacle of overpowering abilities over a coherent and immersive fictional universe.. . The animation, while serviceable, is quite basic, lacking the visual flair that many modern anime ...
Anime is nothing new, same old stuff. Weird story, not terrible but not great either. If I'm being totally honest, it's totally mid. Hard to watch sometimes, but in some parts it actually quite nice. In the end, it's your average isekai, generic isekai.. Characters in this anime don't feel polished, they kind of feel rushed out or copies of other animes. Some of the scenes just don;t fit in general. I understand that this is a show for those of the younger ages, so this show fits in with their tastes i guess. Reminds me of the bad shows and movies I used to ...
Honestly, it is enjoyable as I like the romantic comedy genre. It will make the viewers laugh at every moment and also, it will remind their old school days a lot. Like- bullied by friends, etc. Some scenes are really cute, especially romantic.. . But, the problem is that as there is bullying present in this anime, it may be annoying for those who hate bullying. Again, this should be kept in mind that the title says teasing. So, this show will not be for those who take teasing seriously.. . Recommendation: Don't take this anime seriously, just enjoy the story of this anime.. . Most of the people will enjoy ...
The writing is a 6 or a 7. At times it's eh, at times you say "This is better writing than shows like SAO". It's just inconsistent. The animation is also wildly inconsistent. Sometimes it's decent. Sometimes you see a door blown up behind a "magic barrier" 4 scenes before that actually happens. Quality control on this show was not up to par.. . The characters are fairly likeable. The constant throwbacks to episode one are an annoying trope of isekai anime that I could do without. Just imply it. Stop constantly flashbacking and ghosting in ...
An interesting film which brings back nostalgia from some of Miyazaki's more fictional works like Spirited Away and Hal's Moving Castle, the Boy and the Heron is perhaps his weirdest film yet that leaves the viewer with more questions than answers. Certain scenes in the film offer bursts of incredible animation. As standard for Ghibli films, the art style and music draw the viewer into this world of whacky fantasy that for this particular entry seemed particularly apt and drew inspiration from Lewis Carol's, Alice in Wonderland.. . Unfortunately, the film goes a little too deep into the weird and wonderful and often leaves the viewer ...
I have to admit, this season was definitely great, but also very overhyped that it sort of leaves a bad taste in my mouth. The series is evolving bit by bit as this season helped to bring things into perspective, as far as how the world of sorcerers and curses are interpreted in this version of Japan; but I still can't help but feel that the writing itself is severely lacking in terms of storytelling. It's just....fights. Let me break it down a bit:. . Hidden Inventory Arc - 9/10. This part of the season was easily the best, as it matched actual storytelling with the hype/conflict that ...
STORY: The story takes place in an elite school where students who graduate are promised being accepted in equally elite universities and a successful career. The protagonist is one such student who attends the school for the first year and is placed in class D. In the school there are classes ranging from A to D, with A being the "most successful students" and D being "the least successful students". This is in essence what sets the scene for the series - the main character is depicted with "underdog circumstances" and along with another character, they resolve to rise the ranks and seize being class ...
Wow, the second season of JJK Buckle up, because this season is a rollercoaster of supernatural battles, emotional depth, and stunning animation that solidifies JJK S2 as a titan in the anime world so get ready WHOO HOO!!!. . . . Yea... I should sue every manga reader for false advertising.. . . . Let's discuss the Hidden Inventory arc first. This arc in my humble opinion was the best of season 2. Story and character development. These two things mixed with the proper timing of amazing fight scenes is what makes a story great. It takes us on a journey into the past, revealing pivotal moments that ...
I believe you need to be interested in Frieren, the long-lived elven mage, to be able to enjoy the show. Fortunately it happens for most people naturally (?).. . It didn't happen to me. The 'lean back and enjoy the show' method failed me. The first 13 episodes weren't a good experience. The show showed me very few interesting or entertaining things. It felt that things are happening without much entertaining value. Boring much, not good.. . I've read what people like about the episodes, they like Frieren being ecchied, Fern pouting being tsundere, and such.. . My advice is this. If you want to enjoy comedy, drama, deep ...
10cm attempts to answer a question many high school students face, what do you want your future to look like? The story is deeper than just high school and looks at mental health, love, and one's journey of life. To be quite honest the relationship between the main characters and how they were connected curated an interesting dynamic between them and all the side characters. The anime does a good job of connecting the side characters to the story of the main character, in just 6 episodes. Furthermore, the emphasis on creating art and making films throughout the anime highlights how deeply connected the ...
This review is for first three seasons up to episode S03EP16(108).. . - Negative (kinda):. 1. Animation: on bad side, similar to other meh animation anime like "The God of War Dominates" and "Spirit Sword Sovereign". 2. Main Character: average, displayed as talented person, loyal, with true values, but at same time not ultra interesting. . - Positive (kinda):. 1. Story is interesting enough (how everything happened, relationships between characters, etc.). 2. Worldbuilding is interesting enough. 3. Power levels and power scaling is interesting enough. ...
Produced by Sunrise, and based on Katsuhiko Hotta's manga of the same name, Obatalian (aka Obattalion, or Obatarian based on Japanese youtube comments), is a 1990 tv movie about the comedic misadventures of a pushy old lady and the affect she has on those around her. While it was produced as a movie, it's structured like random episodes of a show edited together, giving it an anthology feel. There isn't a story per se, rather segments that feature the main character, with no real bearing on what came before or after. While certainly silly, as it follows a particular "obatalian" in her day to day ...
"Reign of the Seven Spellblades" ventures into the mystical realm of magic and intrigue, but unfortunately, it struggles to break free from the shadows of its more iconic magical predecessor, Harry Potter. The echoes of J.K. Rowling's world are too apparent, making it challenging for the series to establish its unique identity.. . The animation quality, while acceptable, falls short of achieving exceptional heights. The visuals lack the innovative flair that could have elevated the series to a higher standard within the anime genre. Though serviceable, the animation fails to leave a lasting impression.. . The central theme of a dangerous school promises a dark and gritty narrative, but ...
The original anime was set on a modern-day Japanese island. However, the story takes place 53 years later, and it appears that not much has changed. The only significant difference is that robots are now a thing, but not everyone accepts them. There are riots from people who worry about being replaced by robots. Robots are uncommon and have limited functionality, with no free will, thoughts, or feelings. Meanwhile, phones remain the same as they were in the early 2000s.. . The story is not a typical harem anime. It actually feels more like a love triangle. The main focus of the story is not on ...
A more serious sequel - and not for the best. Unlike the original Dominion Tank Police which was an enjoyable farce, this one plays it more serious and comes out swinging ... like a typical nonsensical 90s action anime OVA.. . Once again set in Newport City which, we are informed, has a murder every 30 seconds (which comes to about one million murders per year, I guess they have carpet bombings on Sundays or something) this installment of Tank Police has an ongoing plot involving generic nefarious dealings by a generic evil corporation, which was already cookie cutter at the time this was released. The ...
Small scope isekai in which MC is a simple pig. No cheat powers or abilities. The main theme here is survival in hostile oppressing human world. The more you get into the story the darker it gets. Storytelling is quite good.. . Downside (or upside, depending on how much you are cultured man) is that MC is an otaku so we have a lot of otaku-themed jokes to increase relatability of the pig.. . Overall animation is not good. Death animation (ep9) is so bad that it is just hilarious to observe it. Battles are lame and bad animated.. . I can see why this show have low rating as it ...
Short review, no spoilers. . 1. Fights are great, impressive visually and ability-wise, fun to watch.. . 2. Fanservice is degrading, forced and placed like in the middle of the fight. Some characters do not have any purpose except flashing nudes.. . 3. World, while hinted as very interesting fiery-churchy-punky, was not explored at all. "Fire Force" forgets about their job after the 2nd episode and focuses on who knows what.. . 4. Story is as generic as it could be. Assemble team, grow as hero, fight bad guys.. . Overall I enjoyed some part and simply skip others, and did not lose anything to be honest
Nichijou Ep. 0 is about cute girls doing cute/fun things as gag humor in 3 chapters. The artstyle, animation and voice acting are gorgeous and adorable.. The first chapter made me laugh, the other two are cute and somewhat interesting to watch due to the unexpected outcomes, but I wouldn't consider it that funny.. This OVA chronologically might take place after the end of the anime, and it's new content not present in the manga. Still, being released before the main series and being titled Episode 0 makes it suggestive it doesn't matter the order you decide to watch it.. If you want to dig into Nichijou or ...
Clocking in at a mere forty-five minutes, Grappler Baki doesn't waste time on building a gripping plot. Instead, it wisely focuses on combat throughout, making it a potential watch for any martial arts enthusiast. Baki Hanma, our protagonist, may only hold a white belt, but he's a force to be reckoned with in the Shinshinkai Karate Championships. His spectacular skills catch the attention of a spectator, leading him to an exclusive underground fighting venue where he truly puts his abilities to the test.. . This OVA glorifies fighting for the sake of fighting, skipping the lengthy dialogue and explanation of fighting techniques that most other martial arts ...
As I finished the first episode of Baki, the thought crossed my mind that there wouldn't be much to say about it. And I was right. Don't expect anything original from this anime. It follows the same old story of a buffed-up brat who wants to be the strongest man in the world. He pushes himself through over-the-top training, life-or-death situations, and brawls against a hundred thugs, a 2.5-meter-tall kid, or some kind of mutant ape to achieve his dream. As a result, he keeps getting stronger, meeting stronger dudes and beating them with stronger blows.. . This show is filled with cheesiness, and sometimes, it's god-awful ...
The Tunnel to Summer, the Exit of Goodbyes is a movie that falls short of its light novel counterpart. However, as you can tell from the Mixed Feelings on this review rather than the Not Recommended, if you can't be bothered to read the light novel, give the film a shot. I don't usually write reviews, but I thought I'd give my opinions on this since the original work is one of my favourite books ever.. . [Story] 5/10 - The story is fine if you're an anime-only. But, coming from the novel, I don't think I can even begin to describe how much is cut. Entire ...
It's alright, but I think this show was pointless. The story works better as a game. The story hinges on the fact that YOU are the one playing it. When you're just a neutral observer it doesn't hit as hard. It'd be like if they made a movie adaptation of Spec Ops: The Line.. . The animation and voice acting both in the dub and sub are very good however. Also the soundtrack is straight from the game, which I see as a good thing seeing as imo it's one of the best soundtracks in gaming and now anime.. . All in all this isn't for everyone. Some ...
Deviates too far from the manga and suffers because of it. They literally made up an ending exclusive to the anime. There are so many plot points left unresolved and then it just ends. It'd be like if in Lord of the Rings the entire thing ended after the battle of Helm's Deep. It's jarring and makes no sense.. . Also characters stand around talking too much. Writers never heard of show don't tell. I know that's a problem in shounen as a whole, but it's REALLY bad here. The yoma will literally just describe what Clare is doing TO HER. "Ah, you're trying to hinder my ...
the music video is passable with lets just say confusing visuals but the full song it's self has a nice chorus and i like the song but i just wanna talk about how it's used as the ending theme for Naruto shippuden ed 14. they made me like the worst character by basically using this song as a disney princess i want song like at the start of every disney song especially with the visuals of her actually sinning and obviously the fireworks and the nights sky look very good. While definitely not my favourite ed it's probably top 5. this made people like the ...
Does Valkyrie Drive: Mermaid have elements of yuri? Yes, it indeed does. Is it an amazing romance anime? No, I wouldn't say so. The romance element is diluted by the lot of drama. Is it a really well constructed show with a meaningful message? No, there really isn't. There is just lots of commotion, and the plot isn't really organized. Fanservice is overused in this show, but I guess that is the purpose of fanservice (I don't know).. . If you enjoy fanservice, this is the anime for you. There is a bunch. If you look forward to a good yuri anime, go look for better yuris.
Akebi's Sailor Uniform is off-putting.. This review is based on the first few episodes. As such, this isn’t a review of the whole series, but I’ll be discussing the overall directorial choices that I found uncomfortable.. The best term I’ve heard used to describe Akebi's Sailor Uniform is “voyeuristic.” It feels oddly intimate, frequently utilising point-of-view and close-up shots. These shots tend to be focused on the bodies of the underage characters: lips, ears, torsos, and especially feet. This isn’t unheard of—after all, Naoko Yamada would often aim the camera at characters’ feet in K-On! However, unlike Yamada’s framing that felt meaningful, here it comes across as ...
Eu até ia escrever essa review em inglês, mas tô afim não.... Esse episódio é composto por 3 histórias, sendo 1/3 dele bom e o restante péssimo.. A primeira história é puramente fanservice, um hentai velado que não deveria sequer ter sido criado, a não ser pros punheteiros que queiram bater uma pras personagens do anime e não sabem achar na internet, estar no conteúdo original do anime é nojento.. A segunda história também é meio fanservice, até tem umas piadas mas também bem desnecessária e sem importância.. A terceira história é a única trufa nesse episódio, se baseia em uma competição de quem faz o melhor arroz ...
Masamune-kun's Revenge R Season 2 takes a step further into the tangled web of its characters' relationships, but the promise of comedy falls short, giving way to a heavier emphasis on drama. The series, billed as a comedy, struggles to maintain a lighthearted tone, leaving viewers with a narrative that feels more like a messy soap opera than a humor-filled romp.. . One of the notable features of this season is the exploration of messy relationships among the characters. While the complexities of relationships can add depth to a story, Masamune-kun's Revenge R seems to revel in the chaos, presenting viewers with convoluted and often juvenile plotlines. ...
Masamune-kun's Revenge Season 1 offers an intriguing premise but falls short of expectations for viewers seeking a satisfying revenge narrative. The show initially promises a tale of vengeance, but as the episodes unfold, it becomes apparent that the revenge plot takes a backseat, leaving viewers with characters driven by only surface motivations.. . Masamune-kun's Revenge Season 1 attempts to navigate a delicate balance between comedy and drama, but this pivot proves to be another stumbling block for the series. The show introduces viewers to a seemingly lighthearted and humorous premise, centered around Masamune's quest for revenge, but as the narrative progresses, it takes an unexpected turn towards ...
Umamusume is back and as per usual, the focus has shifted to two side characters turned season protagonists, this time on Kitasan Black and Satono Diamond. As much as I liked the first two seasons of this anime, it’s unfortunate for me to say that this season is weakest and that’s mainly due to how these two characters are handled. In previous seasons, the heart of the series would come from the dynamic between the two main characters, whether that be how they are as friends or as rivals. I’d say that there are around two instances each this season where both Kitasan Black and ...
I have used my special skill to conduct a research on net about this show and had to hack into MAL reviews using my email and password to input this sequence of opinions that form a review... is the kind of condescending tone you will get if you decide to watch this show. It's a mystery series targeted towards young audience, which is not me, but even to them it might be a bit of a stretch to enjoy. Show heavily relies on cliches and viewers lack of desire to think about what they are watching. Not to mention it's about a group of happy ...
Para mí, una serie de diálogos insustanciales e indiferentes a la trama, suspendidos entre momentos asociados ligeramente con algo que da una vaga pista de ser una trama. De vez en cuando, ideas interesantes. La mayoría del tiempo, un uso ingenioso de la visualidad y el movimiento. Casi siempre, nada demasiado relevante que cohesione todos los factores que por separado e individualmente tienen algo de chispa en sí. Con el pasar de los episodios es fácil acostumbrarse a su pretenciosidad, e incluso bien recibirla.. Estoy entre darme cuenta de que quizá las personas han inflado demasiado este anime, o que simplemente yo no lo entiendo.
Saw a clip on TikTok from this anime that made me intrigued. It's not awful, but it's not great. There are a lot of things that could have been done way better, but it did a lot well at the same time. If I had to recommend this it'd be as a background show. I love cute romance anime and this excels at that in many ways, while falling flat on its face where it matters. The characters are entirely one-dimensional and there is absolutely zero character development. I was disappointed because it felt like by the end of the show the relationship hadn't developed ...
Not really a lot to say about this one. I love watching anime where characters constantly level up and get stronger. While many others do it much better it felt like this one just didn't have any direction. I felt like the coolest part about it was watching the unique ways Earth would improve his gear. That's the only thing super positive I have to say about it. The animation was good, it didn't make me super bored. I found myself putting it on in the background the majority of the time while I did chores though. I wouldn't recommend going out of you're way ...
It took me a while to finish this one.. It's pretty average in all honesty. Like, it's not bad, but it's not good either. The fights and abilities make no sense. I've heard the manga explains them better, but the anime fails to do so on many occasions. The characters are really forgettable. They don't stand out in the grand scheme of things. The main character's only ambitions are to eat more fingers and choose the way he dies.. Ok lol. The animation is great which is the only thing it has going for it. The only thing about the animation I would gripe about ...
Horimiya Piece Season 2 returns with the same visual flair and endearing characters that made its predecessor a standout success. While the animation continues to impress and the voice acting remains commendable, the decision to confine the narrative within the timeframe of Season 1's arcs somewhat dampens the overall impact of this installment.. . First and foremost, the animation in Horimiya Piece Season 2 is nothing short of spectacular. The attention to detail, fluid character movements, and vibrant colors contribute to a visual feast that surpasses the already high standards set by Season 1. The animation studio deserves praise for maintaining the quality and even pushing the ...
Honestly the first few episodes where they are in the forest are genuinely okay, while I did stop watching during the episodes to quickly read the manga. I found myself to be extremely disappointed after reading the manga and picking up where I had left off, the anime decided to go anime only. This genuinely made me rage they completely skipped one of the best manga arcs ever reading, an arc which introduces so many new personalities and otucome. Since they skipped the Goldi Pond arc, the anime was basically dead, the arc introduced the world with so much life which is now missing.
I didn't start watching this anime with high expectations because sometimes you just need something fun to watch, you know? This was a fun watch if you ignore the incest trope and its tasteless comparison to gay relationships. 👍. . The power system feels basic and isn't fleshed out but I enjoyed most characters, except the perfect superhuman, I forgot her name. She was perfect in every way which was kind of the point I guess? But I didn't enjoy it.. . The story isn't anything special but it was enjoyable. If you are looking for a fun watch, I would (hesitatingly) recommend it.
From reading a manga to this, you can expect some content to be cut out and added because it's a different media and needs to be adjusted. But for an "anime" (anima-tion), there's a surprisingly little amount of smooth aniomation. Most of the time you'll get fixed png's with small differences or a crappy 1 second 3d animation that loops back and forth. Added to that, it seems they invented a rule for their work where "You can only animate 1 action in a frame". A handshake is first one hand, then the other, then the shake, then cut to next scene. That all takes ...
There is a problem with Shunmuki, and it’s that it lacks both start and an end. I know, it’s sure to sound silly at first to complain that something that’s both a sequel and a prequel to other parts of an adaptation doesn’t have start and end, but here me out.. . What I mean is that usually even separate seasons and OVAs/specials have their own smaller arcs, even when part of a larger storyline. The start is clearly intended as a start, and the end finishes at least some plot thread. Shinmuki however fells more like a clip compilation than an anime by itself.. . The strength ...
A visual delight, with tremendously beautiful fragments intertwined with almost terrifying scenes, transporting the viewer to a world full of imagination. Just for that, and for being able to enjoy once again the now outdated Ghibli style, it's worth watching this film, which, as an animation piece, is a masterpiece. However, it is burdened by a script with a very uneven pace and that doesn't explain well what is happening. It's a very personal work, for better or for worse, and it would be almost equally enjoyable to ignore the story and focus on the beauty of the particular moments. It's like visiting someone else's ...
Summary: recommended only if you have not read novel.. . It was one of my highly expected show this season, after Frieren, Apothecary, and Shangfron. Unlike other time slip stories, MC does not try to be good but behaves selfish to avoid beheading. However it is perfectly misunderstood by other characters to bring the best result. Narration and personified guillotine (from comicalized one) gives more fun to those situations.. . The show itself is funny enough, above average. However referring to original novel, animated part is only beginning and more chapters are coming. Animation rushed too much to finish it within one cour, so we're missing more serious stories ...
*The ending's strong brainwash still left the messy spots unperturbed*. . ~~. . !! SPOILER-FILLED REVIEW/REFLECTION !!. . ~~. . I don't even think I've outgrown children's shows. I literally adore Takahata's adaptation of Anne of Green Gables. Looking at my favorites, Inazuma Eleven's high up there as well, so I cannot give the reason of me growing out of pure, innocently hopeful, and straightforward tales such as Cardcaptor Sakura as the cause of my substantial lack of affection. Much to my frustration, I noticed a lot of flaws in mind.. . To get straight to it, the magical system's ceiling is far too high for a child like Sakura to reach. Clow Cards! Amazing, ...
The concept reminds me of other animes where the protagonist is quite smart, although here he is not very smart. The protagonist could have more personality and leadership, although as is usual in these animes the protagonist is a shit.. . I like the development of games and puzzles and I think they are well done.. The waifus are spectacular, one would expect nothing less.. . I would like a second season of the anime where we see how the protagonist gets the remaining stars of different colors that he has left to earn, as well as the appearance of new characters, friends and enemies.
I guess my expectation was too high before starting this show due to the sheer amount of people sayiing that its THAT good. Some fights towards the end of the show were hype, but thats about it for the show.. . Fightscenes are great tho, new artstyle for fights seemed to be more funky.. The comedy is ass, reminds me of demon slayer - they should've not included most of it. But hey atleast they didn't include it every episode; unlike Demon Slayer.. . Killed of characters without much depth into it. Show was pretty boring throughout the middle of the series. If you watch anime for the ...
A story about a boy named after a car who randomly is transported to another world where magic, beast-men, and CGI background characters infest, decay and murder their surroundings. Toyota stumbles upon the power to respawn after dying. The series structures itself on this reset mechanic. Ferrari sort of plays the role of detective, trying to piece together missing pieces of the puzzle of his death so he can get out of his current predicament alive and make it to the next self-styled save point.. . Opening first few episodes set up a good groundwork for the story to build off, explaining the world and the characters ...
Though hyped as a massive trainwreck, Darling in the Franxx is more like a gradual derailment, culminating in the train falling on its side with a bang, the wheels spinning in space. Plot is a sterile soap opera. Magical vampire alien girl Zero Two and childhood friend blue girl compete for the heart of some carbon copy clone they fished out from your office’s Xerox machine, and in that conflict, there’s only ever going to be one winner. There’s some other schmucks. They all don’t know what sex is. They fight in Diebuster robots. They fight against aliens.. . Core issue is a lack of inspiration. ...
Golden Time is set in college. A big deal. Tada Banri’s the main idiot. He’s fairly stupid. Don’t like him because his character design is poor. You’ll like him because there’s no reason to dislike him, but you’ll dislike him eventually because the story involves him in some altogether stupid arrangements. He’s had a mysterious accident. He meets Kaga Koko and she’s a representation of a sort of ideal woman that forms inside the minds of the deluded. She’s beautiful, fashionable, attractive, rich, sociable, and yet at the same time has no close friends.. . To balance out this unnatural combination an equally unnatural explanation ...
This anime has me conflicted. 16bit Sensation: Another Layer is a series that revolves around making bishoujo games but with a twist: the main character, Konoha, time travels to the past to fulfill her dreams of making the video games that she loves. I actually was really invested in this anime at first since despite the time travel gig, this was seemingly a chill show about developing video games. However, as the season went on, the story spiraled so out of control that it eventually lost me. Although the aspect of time travel was still part of this show, it played a semi-important role in ...
From reading the LN's I can say that, Goblin Slayer has pretty interesting world building and lore. Like how none of the characters has actual names. Or the whole goblin slyer thing is kind of a background plot of the Hero's story. It has decent character work and pretty good actions. But unfortunately none of these can be found in this lackluster season.. . This was in no way a bad season but just a very boring one. The plot didn't seem to advance much. And the few interesting storylines like the one about new recruits didn't quite land well.. . For the positives I can say that the ...
Stardust Telepath is extremely weird, but really started to warm up to me as the series carried on. Through its bubbly characters, it hopes to strike some real emotion into you with its (almost) real, slice-of-life setting.. . Story: Stardust Telepath takes place in a middle school where the exceptionally anxious Umika Konohashi has a strange fascination with space and aliens. Her dream is to create a rocket to one day travel to outer space, really, without any slight idea on how to do it. However, one day, someone claiming to be an alien named Yuu Akeuchi appears in front of Umika and seems ...
As a diehard fan and lover of Jujutsu Kaisen Season 1, delving into the highly anticipated Season 2 was a journey filled with expectations and excitement.. Jujutsu Kaisen Season 2, acclaimed for its technical brilliance, faced challenges in storytelling and emotional depth, resulting in a mixed viewing experience. The animation maintained a high standard, showcasing fluid fight sequences and dynamic visuals. However, character and villain narratives faltered, missing opportunities for nuanced development. The musical aspect declined post the sixth episode, failing to deliver the necessary impact for action and emotional moments, detracting from the immersive experience.. . Despite visually stunning fights, the lack of context and poorly paced ...
I had really high hopes for this season to be better over the previous one. Jeez how I was mistaken! Until the last episodes watching this anime wasn´t enjoyable at all. I just so much hate supporting characters. They had like ZERO character development over the series, all heroes feels like a stupid imbecil squad. The shield hero was tricked as first in first season and act like "I´m the best" now, protector of the realm, the all other three heroes just constantly believed to B*tch over the shield hero even what happened in first season and it was PAIN to watch all episodes in ...
I can understand the appeal of this anime, however it's not my forte. Although the comedic bits gave me a chuckle like the alley way doodoo incident, it's still not enough for me to bear the unfathomable amount of cringe this anime erects. Hence why i've decided to drop this anime. Lastly, if you're a fan of trashy anime I suspect this would be worth while, once again I see it's appeal but it's just not for me.. . The rest of this review will just be spam as for some fucking reason mal wants me to write a god damn essay for a review to be ...
Jujutsu Kaisen Season 2 is undeniably one of the most hyped-up shounen anime in the past couple of years. Before this season aired, there were many posts comparing the "Shibuya Incident arc" of this season to classic shounen arcs like the "Chimera ant arc" from Hunter x Hunter. As usual, while it was airing, words like "masterpiece" and "peak fiction" were being thrown around in the community, as always. Now that the season is over, I can say that Jujutsu Kaisen Season 2 was no masterpiece and isn’t peak fiction. It gets some things right and some things wrong, like how most shounen do, which ...
I remember watching this as a joke back then. But I feel as it predicted something.. Like this reminds me a lot of ASMR stuff and a lot of things where the viewer loves to interact with the "character". Like the ai character chats? But less interactive.. I am not really diggin the character designs but I don't think they are bad. Just not my style.. I would recommend it for the lolz and funzies, or just to try new things to see that thewre really is all kind of animes.. It's like Dora the explorer for fangirls who like hot guys. If that makes you happy there's ...
The show we're dealing with here is basically Mahoromatic with an even more peculiar cast, a surplus of risqué daydreams courtesy of the consistently eccentric Shikijou-sensei, and increasingly dramatic storylines infused with intermittent comedy—sometimes daring, sometimes not—that's scattered without much rhyme or reason. Although the art and animation quality hardly deviate from the first season.. . It's safe to say that the second season doesn't bring anything new to the table. Instead, it's a mere repetition of the first season with a few changes here and there. The introduction of a new human organization might add a bit of suspense, but it's nothing groundbreaking. The comedy is ...
Okay I understand why this show gets so much hate, but honestly it wasn’t that bad.. . This show is in my opinion perfect example of stuff to watch if you want some cheap entertainment. It’s generic, sometimes annoying, predictable and LOUD with clché Japanesse anime style of homour. On the other hand humour knows no bounderies as many of reviewers already said and it worked for me although it was too much "cringy" sometimes. On top of that it looks good, has some enjoyable characters (some not), solid sound effects and if you won’t take it seriously and mainly don’t expect too much you got exactly ...
This is coming from someone who is only familiar with the animated series and not the manga to compare with, and I have to say, it was an okay second season, similar to its predecessors.. . Story-telling: 6/10. I have been exposed to some manga leaks here and there of some cool looking panels posted online, and I honestly expected some high class story-telling with all the hype, but it sort of came off too childish for me personally, at least in the anime. In fact, watching the plots play out have indeed made me question whether I've mentally grown out of enjoying this sort of content ...
JJK's second season comprised of some back story and the Shibuya arc. It was action packed, emotional, but also really brought some of Akutami's writing flaws to the forefront of the story. I liked that we got to know Gojo more. I liked that we got to meet characters that influenced how things came together before the first season. I liked how we gained a deeper understanding into characters we already know fairly well. I also liked the action sequences and that the Shibuya arc did not pull its punches. One thing I wish that the anime had changed as how it handles Akutami's info ...
I was planning to watch it for a long time but the main character convinced me to do so, she carries the entire anime on her shoulders and at the same time is the biggest problem for me in this anime xD. . The main character is really easy to like, she has a strong character and is charming at the same time, she focuses on her passion, watching Maomao get excited about what she does brings a smile to my face every time but unfortunately.... . Maomao is too perfect, she knows everything and nothing bothers her, I wanted to compare her to Dr. House but ...
I have read the web novel. They butchered the story in the anime.. The main characters had zero depth and character development.. The side characters had more character development than the main cast.. . . Truly sad that one of my favorites storys can be ruined this way.. . The story is unique. But i can't feel any attachment to the main cast because of a lack of character development.. . The situations felt unrealistic because; There was no village building arc.. ...
If you could go two or three years back in time and ask me what I think about the future of shonen my answer would probably be pretty excited. Ufotable had their hands full working on demon slayer, MAPPA managed to get their hands on both Chainsaw man and Jigokuraku, completeing the "dark trio". There was fire force, JoJo, Dr Stone, Black Clover and many others. To put it bluntly, it was an exciting time. Sadly, most of these projects didn't exactly turn out all that well. Chainsaw man came out to a lukewarm reception in the west but massively underperformed in Japan and the ...
Second season of Jujutsu Kaisen is truly astounding. It's incredible creative vision and ambition are only matched by disappointment coming from failures in achieving its enormous goals. To truly express my feelings about such a complicated piece of media I will have to go into spoiler teritory, but for now, until stated otherwise, I will avoid going in depth and assume you only watched the first season.. . So should you continue watching Jujutsu after its long introduction you had to go through that is the first season? It is hard to say as the continuation of this story is very... let's say uneven in its strenghts. ...
Whilst this review is placed under the second OAV of Harukanaru Toki no Naka de 3, this review covers both the first and second OAV.. . For a person who has not played and will never play the games, the OAV format is not the best for this. The characters would be forgettable .. . In the OAV for Haruka...1, the characters were introduced too quickly. If I haven't watched Harukanaru Toki no Nakade ~ Hachiyō Shō, I wouldn't even care about it. Haruka...2 also suffered because of it.. . Now Haruka...3 is longer. 2 OAVs with a total runtime of 2.5 hours, which is equivalent of about 7 or 8 ...
Saw it it in theater last night and i'm very mixed on it. Opticalwise it's the ghibli style i love. But the rest is kinda meh. In comparison to other ghibli movies there isn't much dialog sometimes there are whole scenes without anyone talking. It would be completely fine if there was a soundtrack playing instead but there are scenes wit no sound or dialogs, which feels pretty empty. The whole story is confusing and feels like Miyasaki starts a new storyline every 10min without really bringing them to an end. But the thing i didn't liked the most was the main protagonist. He was ...
After a wholly disappointing second season, I questioned whether to give Tonikaku another shot. Does TONIKAWA: Over The Moon For You - High School Days help it get back on its feet? I'll assume you've seen the first and second season for the purposes of this review.. . Story & Characters: TONIKAWA: Over The Moon For You - High School Days is a short, four episode OVA, where Nasa has been asked by his old teacher, Ms. Yanagi, who now teaches in a girls' high school, to teach them the basics of coding, something Nasa's quite adept at. Confidently, he says to this request, ...
This is a mild spoiler review in the sense that I want to talk about what this show gets wrong, not what happens.. . You can't watch this show with the standard expectations of an anime, which is made all the worse by some of the tired tropes that it throws at you. Not only that but the story has major issues that begs belief.. In order for this to be enjoyable, you simply have to accept that the premises are flawed and that it suffers from contrivances.. . Imagine you're sent back ten years to change your life, what would you do?. For our protagonist this results in choosing a ...
Star Wars: Visions is an anime anthology series created for the American streaming service Disney+. Produced by Lucasfilm Animation, the series consists of nine short films created by seven Japanese animation studios, each telling their own original stories based on and set within the Star Wars universe. The participating animation studios are Kamikaze Douga, Studio Colorido, Geno Studio, Trigger, Kinema Citrus, Production I.G, and Science SARU. The creators at each studio were given free rein to re-envision the ideas of Star Wars as they saw fit, while receiving guidance from Lucasfilm's executive team.. . The anthology was released worldwide on September 22, 2021. Naturally, the critic community ...
Nande Koko ni Sensei ga!? is a softcore show following the daily lives of 4 different students of a particular high school who all fall in love and get together with various teachers. Standing at only 10 minutes per episode, it’s a fair amount of fun and quite simply put, it’s hot.. . The guys will find repeatedly find themselves in more or less contrived situations that put the teachers in varying states of undress. What’s for certain is that their tits will almost invariably always be out. There’s even one chick with tan lines and one with inverted nipples, you know, in case you’re into that ...
Much like the 2nd season of One Punch Man, it is a disappointing sequel to a much greater prequel.. . The eye-catching saturation of the colors is lost. The palette becomes flat and unremarkable.. . The animation, as well, seems to no longer make use of the blend of 3DCG that made the original so outstanding.. . However, the unfortunate greatest sin of season 2 is that it completely dispenses with the horror element. Neverland's S2 becomes a generic action-adventure show. This is in effect due to the fact that S2 takes creative liberty with the direction of the story and deviates from the manga. Allow me, once again to quote ...
Lu Over the Wall was studio Science SARU’s first original, theatrical production. What’s it about?. . The movie has several themes, but the basic idea of the plot is that our protagonist trio Kai, Yuuho, and Kunio have an interest in music and singing. While Kai needs some persuading, they decide to team up and form a band early on in the film. Meanwhile, a mermaid named Lu is attracted by their singing and shyly engages with them. You’re initially led to believe that music is an important theme in the movie, but it’s really just a plot device to inject the mermaids into the movie. Once ...
"16bit Sensation" Is a great anime, that is only held down by the ending.. . What I am trying to get at is that the last 3 episodes are noticeably worse writing and quality wise then the rest of the series, mainly because it feels like the writers didn't have enough episodes to put in all the content they wanted to put in this anime and were forced to cut content, or were rushed to complete the last few episodes because of time constraints.. Either way it feels like the quality dropped throughout the twelve episode run, since the art gets to points where it is noticeably worse ...
Harukana Receive is a sports anime produced by C2C studio that aired in the summer of 2018. The subject matter? Beach volleyball!. . C2C are the makers of literally nothing else important and certainly nothing you've ever heard about.. . Much like New Game! and other cute girl shows, Harukana features a grand total of 0 male characters.. . The premise is that Haruka Oozora, a very tall athletic girl, moves to Okinawa to live with her grandmother and cousin, Kanata Higa. It was chance, or perhaps fate, that had her witness a game of beach volleyball one morning and immediately fall in love with the sport. Simultaneously, she also learns ...
(Before I start, I'd like to mention that I had read the manhwa and felt it was a decent read).. . =====Introduction=====. A Returner's Magic Should Be Special. But sadly, it isn't. The plot of this anime is pretty cookie-cutter for 2023. We've seen tonnes of anime with a tragedy-reset plot or an overpowered character in a school (The Irregular at Magic High School comes to mind, and that was nine years ago!). The problem with shows like these is that there's nothing much new to discover apart from the shallow world-building & hodge-podge mix of themes copied from various other franchises, plot twists barely existent, and like ...
The premise of the show is interesting, there are ideas here that mirror things like 'Pet girl of Sakurasou' and 'Remake our life' with the promise of turning a monotonous life without dreams into one where you get a do-over, work hard and achieve meaning, just with a lighter twist.. . Early on the show is about time leaping and what a 2023 illustrator can take with her and do 20-30 years earlier in a nostalgia trip to the visual novels and gal/bishojo games of old, but then it takes a step to the side, then diagonally across and goes a step down where it messes with ...
When they first released this anime on Crunchyroll more than a decade ago, I recall being blown away by the animation and character designs of cast and it still does that...for the first several episodes until it appears the budget dried up and obvious long pans, stills, and recycling rear their ugly heads.. . The animation quality tanking and money-saving measures is a damn shame because the show works when it's at its horniest - beautiful and painstaking in the nude scenes of the early episodes.. . All the usual suspects appear: cat ears, huge milkers, plug suits, food-closeups, cig-smoking scientist, fast-food chomping American, gun porn, glamours car ...
It's nearly impossible for me NOT to compare this to DuRaRaRa!! (previous Naritaverse series), so I won't try.. I really love this series, but I'd like to say upfront, i think if you have to pick between watching the anime or reading the manga - read the manga. The anime didn't really add anything, or improve on the base at all, and I felt some of the animation was pretty rough and felt rushed-out. The voice acting was fine, but nothing on the level of DuRaRaRa!! (which has one of the best ensemble casts in basically anything). I don't think anyone in Deathplay really stood out ...
Goblin Slayer Season 2 has been personally a bit disappointing this fall. It significantly falls short of the intrigue and impact of its first season, which left a mark with its interesting premise, decent animation, and a gripping soundtrack. However, Season 2 struggles to maintain the same appeal.. . While the controversy surrounding the first season served as effective promotion, Season 2 takes a concerning turn with explicit warnings about violent themes in each episode. This, along with a change in animation studio to Liden Films, hints at a noticeable toning down of the show's previous intense violence and horror.. . The capable handling of violence by White Fox ...
Uma Musume: Pretty Derby - 3 seasons' worth of Uma Musume content with a change of studio production in-between...what could go wrong? Well, this season.. . It's been 5.5 years since Uma Musume: Pretty Derby graced the small screen, giving us our first impression of CyGames's biggest IP in Japan (next to Princess Connect! Re:Dive a.k.a PriConne) and the anime equivalent to the live-action horse races, showcasing the rich history of Japan's most iconic horses, covering their rise to fame and their eventual downfall away from the spotlight. Since then, we have already had 3 seasons of the anime (Spring 2018, Winter 2021, and this Fall), 2 ...
Its fine and a good watch until the fan service every few minutes you get under skirt shots ruining the scene and it gets annoying. Plot is interesting but nothing special.. . The animation quality and art style are really good, the mask concept is also very likeable and interesting. But again the random shots of underwear kinda ruin it. Still a good watch if you dont mind seeing panties for half the episode. The theme being horror and action isnt really achieved much.Characters are boring again just used for weird fan service, you only get 1 backstory thats not even that interesting. Not bad but ...
Good morning, this is my personall review of Tokyo Revengers: Tenjiku-hen. Plot: 7. I read the manga and Tenjiku's arc has always been my favourite. Graphic: 4. The graphic became really bad during this season, it's almost comparable to nnt season 3. Music: 6. The opening remained the same, the ending is okay and the soundtrack are good as the same. Characters: 8. Takemichi is such a badass in this season, I enjoyed Izana, Mikey and Kisaki as well. Entertainment: 6. ...
This show has a simple and predictable plot. Young viewers who enjoy the shoujo genre may find it show easy to follow and the MC's interactions with her love interest Hawke cute.. . I do like watching shows with a basic plotline. However, this show was a drag to watch due to the main cast's personalities being as charming as a piece of cardboard. After 12 episodes, we barely know any non-superficial information about the characters, especially the male cast. The only character that managed to make me feel some emotions was Aira, and she's a side character.. . . Animation: 7/10. Sound: 7/10. Character: 3/10. Story: 5/10
"I'm in Love with the Villainess" offers a refreshing take on the popular villainess genre, introducing a unique spin that adds depth to the traditional isekai narrative. However, while the series succeeds in certain aspects, it stumbles in others, making for a mixed viewing experience.. . One of the standout features of the anime is its departure from the typical villainess storyline. Instead of following the predictable path of a protagonist trying to avoid their inevitable bad end, the series takes a different route, injecting creativity into a well-trodden genre. This departure from the norm is a breath of fresh air, giving viewers something new and exciting ...
Our Dating Story: The Experienced You and The Inexperienced Me has a very strong story behind it, with it's main flaw being how it both starts and ends.. . Story & Characters: Our Dating Story: The Experienced You and The Inexperienced Me tells the story of Ryuuto Kashima, an introverted high schooler who once asked Maria Kurose out after finally summing up the courage to tell her that he likes her. This was back in middle school. They eventually got seperated because her dad had different work situations that didn't allow her to stay at the same school. Now, Ryuuto is tricked by his ...
It’s a fine adaptation. After completing the games and giving it some time in between I found myself missing this cast of characters and ended up watching this to fill the void. I watched the dub, because I played the game in English and was disappointed to find that the voice actors didn’t return (For the most part - Makoto sounds identical). It’s not distractingly bad but some characters like Hiro or Monokuma are absolutely butchered. I feel like the game had a crucial advantage over this anime as well and that would be pacing. Every character in Danganronpa is a trope taken to the ...
If I had to compare season 2 to 1, season 2 had worse animation, was less action packed and had less brutal killing (which was the main drawing point for the show) and the plot was somewhat lacking for like the first half of the season.. . On the other hand, the art quality has definitely improved from the 1st seaosn, but that's about the only praise I can come up with. It wasn't boring by any margin, like some people here say it was, but it wasn't anything special either.. . To me, this is the very definition of mid, but that doesn't mean I didn't ...
tl;dr: A series of transitionary arcs that are interesting in how they’re building up a lot of different elements, but that holistically feel lacking because very little happens in this season itself.. . Log Horizon had two seasons way back in 2013-2015. Of course it is expected that one watching later seasons has watched previous ones. However, in the case of large gaps between seasons, it is often the case that some sort of recap is provided either separately from the anime or in the anime itself. The third season of Log Horizon does neither. It doesn’t ease in the viewer at all and pretty much expects ...
I'm usually not the type to complain about ''bad animation'' or what not, but isn't this anime just a slideshow at this point? I've read the manga and you know it's bad when even that feels like it's moving more then whatever this collection of still images is. YOU DON'T EVEN GET TO SEE THEM PROPERLY KICK A BALL TO ONE ANOTHER IT'S THAT BAD. Why even reboot it if you're going to give it this treatment? Who is this adaptation supposed to make happy? I doubt this adaptation would get anyone new into the franchise and the diehard fans are just hurt by this. ...
Honestly this anime started off kind of cliche, and that should have been enough of a warning to avoid it: demon lord/dragon thing that threatens mankind is defeated by “the heroes” yawwwwnnn… but wait! They didn’t quite defeat it- BOOM!!. MC is reincarnated… that canard again. The MC, who is oddly named Desir, has to go back in time with his reincarnation and do it all over again- but this time actually defeat the monster in the end. Okay, that’s not a terrible idea. It puts me in mind of an old movie where a man is tragically murdered, and he’s committed too many sins ...
Goblin Slayer 2 for the amount of time we had to wait for it... Could be better. There are parts of GS2 that I welcomed, but as a whole it wasn't all that engaging to follow, especially considering the OVA was pretty good and it was fun to watch.. . Let's get it out the way with the better parts of the show. It does give is a lot of exposition, lots of worldbuilding and expands our (as a viewer) understanding and knowledge of the world. And it always shows how goblins are this menace that you have lurking in the background of the world never to ...
Starts off a nice premise. Show goes through the cliches one by one, and eventually reaches its very predictable ending. It serves as an adequate watch in-between 2 actually artistically driven series, to keep your standards lower.. . Really dislike the two main girls here. Yozora portrays more emotion and interesting character within the first 5 minutes of the first episode than she does from there until the ending combined. She is just there to insult Sona and assert her moral superiority over the other just as one-dimensional girls. Sona is also very irritating; an entitled, very sensitive girl with the preferred look for your avid anime ...
I have no idea whatsoever where this show came from or why I decided to watch it, but it had no right to entertain me as well as it did.. . As the premise goes, the title pretty much lays it out. Right when our world’s greatest assassin is about to retire, he is betrayed by the organization he was raised by and killed. He had spent his whole life dulling and burying his emotions, but in his final moments, he regrets living his life as a tool. Luckily, a Goddess pulls him into a purgatory-type place with a proposition. Normally, when a human dies, their soul ...
The premise is pretty straight-forward. The Hero Max defeats the Demon Lord and saves humanity. 10 years pass. The Demon Lord is resurrected. While 10 years was not enough time to restore himself to his previous power level, the Demon Lord rushed his own resurrection because he was anxious for a rematch with his nemesis, Max, before the human’s death. As such, the prematurely resurrected Demon Lord, who looks like a thick loli now for whatever reason, goes to the Human Realm to face his opponent in glorious combat once more. What he finds, however, is far from the stuff of legend. Fame went to ...
With God as my witness, I decided to watch this show because I saw a poster of the main character and thought he looked cool and distinct from the smorgasbord of Kirito clones at the helm of every fucking isekai ever, which piqued my curiosity. I had no idea this was an ecchi.. . As it so happens, Immoral Guild turned out to be one of the most generous echhi shows I have seen. No less than 10 times per episode, it teeters on the brink of being outright hentai with all manner of depraved kinks being indulged quite liberally, tentacle molestation evidently being a staple. In ...
I see that the One Punch Man shpiel has become hugely popular lately. Truth be told, it’s just about the only way to give a true overdog protagonist any kind of meaningful conflict. I am, of course, referring to the trope of having an overdog protagonist pose as an underdog – for whatever reason, whether by accident or design, theirs or someone else’s, the larger cast of the story does not recognize them for how powerful/competent/talented they really are.. . In this particular case, the conceit is that in his previous life, our MC has become the most powerful Japanese exorcist, called and onmyouji, in history. He ...
"Mixed Feelings" perfectly describes this series. On one hand, we have the awkward predicament of 2 siblings, which was exaggerated for comedic effect. ie, the adult looking kindergarten boy who's less mature than his peers while the opposite is true for his sister. There are uniquely wholesome and funny moments littered throughout. On the other hand, it's very obvious there is an attempt to highlight paedophilia. Some might even say, it encourages it. Was the public or police wrong for their reactions? Is it wrong to be attracted to someone who looks like an adult or vise versa? Have societal norms gone so far as ...
Frieren is a show thats saving this fantasy genre.. with how dull every fantasy animes are frieren is a mind fresher.... Its really calm so captivating and after a long tiring day friren is what i need ... something dreamy, calming and its so reflecting which makes you realize how fleeting life is.. its so relatable.. frieren isnt an adventerous anime where you go to save the world. No its the story what happens to the heros after peace is bought in the world. its so humane even tho she is an elf.. If you want something different friren is definetly recomended... the visuals, the ...
The adaptation might seem faithful at first glance, but the same scenes have a totally different tone from the webcomic. It fails to relate the spirit of the original work. Lookism might be a wish-fulfillment story where the protagonist gets everything he wants with no effort - but only at first glance.. . Hyung-suk still has to live in the reality of both of his bodies, one that is perfect and one that is the opposite. He never forgets how pathetic he actually is and his perfect body constantly reminds him of that. The original never takes that part too seriously because it's aware of its ...
Well I think you've already seen me doing several reviews about Di gi charat so hello again. This is another set of specials but focused on Piyoko and how she came to earth with her gang to try to kidnap Dejiko. The humor is very ridiculous as always and I appreciate that they go deeper into Piyoko's origins and well, we learned at least something about her parents. if you are looking for an anime that follows a plot I must tell you that Di gi charat and all their specials/ovas is not for you since most of them are random episodes intended to entertain us ...
A solid prequel movie with high entry bar for newcomers to the JJK universe.. . With good writing that fleshes out a majority of the tv series’ supporting cast, interesting protagonist that stands on his own compared to Yuji while being just as fascinating, breathless pacing and awesome fight scenes, this prequel movie dives deeper into the inner workings of JJK in flashy manner. Don’t walk into this without watching the first season of the tv adaptation first. The story’s willingness to get straight to the point without spending time on JJK 101 works both in its favour and is its largest drawback. A delight for ...
sheesh. they should add the romance tag on the genre listing.. . i feel that this movie is wrong-titled. it is not a sequel, more like a side-story. its contribution to the main plotline is irrelevant, almost useless. but let's say, it has somewhat of a relevance.. . we've got to taste more of the romance, the good in a world full of anger, sadness and fear. it was to detach our heads from the bad and see the beauty of the path (very poetic don't you say). the producers tried to get outside the norm, outside the typical post-apocalyptic stories, but i'm just sad for those people ...
Spy x Family was once hailed as one of the website's top-rated shows for a brief period, even managing to secure a spot within the top 20 rankings after just one episode of its first season. Nevertheless, about a year later, it appears that everyone doesn't care as much as they used to with the current season failing to breach the top 300. Let me elaborate on the possible reason behind this shift in interest.. . Spy x Family consists of mainly multiple disconnected short stories that span between half an episode to two episodes which focus on different characters from a wide variety of cast members. ...
I am a little disappointed in this new season, and i'm going to tell you why, but first, let's give credit where credit is due. Animation is top notch. It doesn't fall short from Mappa's steady reputation throughout the years. Fight scenes were amazing.. This second season starts with some interesting back story of everyone's most loved chara, Gojo, and his buddy Geto. To be fair, it was, in my opinion, and so far, the best part of all this season. I enjoyed it a lot. Then came Shibuya arc. People hyped it up so much that i had very high expectations. It started ok, you ...
i admit, i started watching this show because it has many similarities with attack on titan. but along the way, i feel like it detached from this angle.. . yes, we can discern many characteristics seen in aot such as: main character’s family member dies by the hand of monsters, he gets the power they possess, vows to kill all of them and protect his loved ones. you even have the strong female character who has an attraction to the protagonist, the walls, some sort of “scouts”, so on and so forth. everyone gets it, koutetsujou no kabaneri follows the exact same basic storyline as aot. but ...
"If you’re gonna waste the limited amount of reality at your disposal, who cares if someone tries to stop you? You gotta cleanse your brains. Your life isn't fast food" - Song of the Dead, Kana-Boon. . Zom 100: Bucket List of the Dead burst onto the scene with an explosive and brilliantly captivating introduction, leaving no room for doubt. Starting with a metaphor that likens working in a black company to becoming a zombie, which also serves as a powerful reflection of a somber Japanese reality, underscores the depth of the issue and offers an impactul entry to explore this theme in the anime, and so ...
As a detective show, this is pretty decent. It doesn't have the kind of swagger that Undead Girl Murder Farce did, and while neither show makes it particularly easy for the audience to figure out what happened (I'd say it's pretty close to impossible in both cases), this one just didn't feel like it had the strong wrap-ups to each of its cases that that one did. It also doesn't have the character-driven emotional elements that make the mysteries of The Apothecary Diaries so enthralling. I hate to compare this anime to other mystery shows, but it's just missing something to separate itself from the ...
'Zom 100' is surely the most hyped and talked about non-sequel anime of this year. The first episode of this anime can probably hook anyone to give it a try. It was so damn good. But as soon as you start to pay attention to the characters and how they act, you should start noticing some major flaws of this anime, which might be the reason this falls into the 'This is not for everyone' territory.. . Animation (8/10): I know that the plot is the first thing to discuss in a review generally. But all the hype around this show was mostly because of its animation. ...
Ron Kamonohashi's Forbidden Deduction - To go from one of the most classic franchises to a tongue-in-cheek series that is a precursor to this show, I'm really left with this thought in my mind: does the author REALLY know how to make Shonen works stand the test of time?. . To the classic AniManga connoisseurs, I'm pretty sure that the name of Akira Amano is no stranger to you. The female mangaka best known for her series Katekyou Hitman Reborn!, which was featured in Shueisha's Weekly Shonen Jump as one of the top guns alongside the Big 3 at the time, is now, over 20 years later, ...
Hot take: This show became uhhh pretty mid and boring, not gonna lie. Why? Well, let me present you with a hypothetical.. . You get offered cake, alright? And at first you accept it, and it's good, and then you get offered more cake, and it's fine, then you get offered more, and at that point, you get sick of it, but that's what you only get offered.. . Spy x Family Season 2 is basically that. An overabundance of one thing and not really much else.. Granted, for what it does, it does really well. I think the slice of life moments are well executed, displaying the characters in ...
Stardust Telepath - Reach for the stars...(erm, ahem) aliens in the sky...through some rocket building and good ol' tried-and-true friendship tropes.. . The ever-so-popular Manga Time Kirara's CGDCT-themed anime adaptation has once again struck this season, and it should be a no-brainer that if you've watched one show before of that premise, the rest will be the same no matter what. The differential, however, lies with the plot, and in this fall, brought to you by mangaka Rasuko Ookuma, this is Hoshikuzu Telepath a.k.a Stardust Telepath, a take on the ever-so-loving theme by combining the one element that makes it magical: the Yuri genre.. . I'm sure that just ...
Overall pretty mediocre for such a high rated anime. The beginning seems promising but it soon fumbles and drags on till the end. Mashiro is one of the most unlikeable MCs. His character is way too arrogant and narcissistic for you to empathize with his journey. Takagi is another generic sidekick with no personality of his own other than being an MC asslicker. Takagi is supposed to be the main writer here and yet you see Mashiro often going off on his own, lashing out against his only "friend" for the most foolish reasons. Except for a corny childhood fantasy of a future marriage, there's ...
I really wanna rate this film higher but to put it simply it starts overplaying its hand.. . Feels like it really should not have been as long as it is and at some point the script just starts running out of material. Which is weird cause there's at least two whole plot lines that just get completely dropped by the end. Meanwhile for smaller scenes too many set ups are reused which leads to an overall feeling of exhaustion that brings down the end of the film significantly.. . If I was rating just the first half or so I'd say it's a 9/10. But with how ...
I loved the first season. From the world-building, to establishing the party, and all the way up to the final battle. It was a brutal, graphic, no-holds-barred slaying of a seemingly endless horde of baddies. It was medieval DOOM and we all loved it! So, how does one follow what turned out to be a fairly straight-forward story about one man's endless war against an unrelenting horde of semi-intelligent creatures?. . With a middling movie.. . And a second season that hits so far below the mark that the arrow did a straight nosedive not even a foot after being fired.. . The animation isn't what it used to ...
Definitely an underrated anime, in my opinion. I think this anime was good it had decent animation, although it could be better in some scenes, but it was acceptable for me. I liked the story, and I wasn't aware that a game existed for King's Raid, so I didn't have any preconceptions while watching this anime. It was a little boring in some episodes, but I still had a good experience watching it. I have mixed feelings about recommending this to others because it doesn't have top-tier animation like some other anime, but if you enjoy adventure or hero type anime, I say go for ...
This series simultaneously does a lot right while also hitting the usual pitfalls of Gundam Universal Century entries. To start on the right side, I think the characters are more interesting here. The MC isn't very interesting and hits the usual tropes (idealistic teenager forced to fight as a child soldier who turns out to be a secret Newtype), but many of the people around him are. In particular, it's nice to see a series handle cyber Newtypes in a much more interesting way through Zinnerman and Marida. The series doesn't lean too heavily on familiar faces, crafting a variety of morally gray characters with ...
I LOVED the first two-thirds of this. The tone, the pacing, the characterizations, all of it. It felt mysterious and mythic, while simultaneously being sharply drawn. The pleasure was in letting it wash over me, trusting in the emotional truths and breadcrumbs of familiarity to make the final picture meaningful (like a fairytale).And I loved the animation. The little moments, the intentionality that - at its best - infuses wonder and meaning into the smallest gestures. If you're an avid animation fan, specifically, I think this movie is worth seeing. There were so many beats that were dynamic and inventive, that contrasted beauty with ...
Boushoku no berserk begins with the intention of telling the story of a boy named Fate Graphite, which is actually seen in the initial episodes. The paladin, since his origin, has suffered mistreatment, mainly by those called Imperial Knights, which I will explain more about shortly, but a girl whose name is Roxy, is extremely kind to him, as well as docile, for thinking of several opportunities to take justice to the world. even though she was born into a privileged family and became an imperial knight.. . The anime begins by exposing and narrating the events of the past that occurred with our protagonist, as ...
Kage no Jitsuryokusha ni Naritakute! 2nd Season is very similar to season 1, but with less action. I wasn't let down, since season 1 to me was mid as well, but I expected more from season 2. Action scenes were scarce, and the plot was kind of disinteresting. The last episode did do things right though. Cliff hangers are a must in order to keep my interest, and the way the last episode was done was interesting. I can't hate on the show too much, nor give it much praise, Shadow is just one of those animes that make you ...
Mushoku Tensei: Jobless Reincarnation Season 2 takes a bold step away from the more traditional harem anime format that characterized its first season. The series undergoes a significant transformation, shifting its focus towards an adventure drama that explores elevated and complex storytelling. While the animation quality remains commendable, the change in tone may prove divisive among fans.. . One of the most noticeable shifts in Season 2 is the departure from the conventional harem elements that defined the first season. The narrative delves into a more mature and intricate exploration of its characters and the world they inhabit. The storytelling, which was once straightforward, becomes more layered ...
The series is very entertaining, mostly due to the fact that Mia does everything possible to avoid ending up on the guillotine for the second time and although her intentions are very selfish and convenient for her, others do not see it that way and think that He does it for the common good or for his kingdom. In case they misinterpret Mia's intentions in the right way. . I must admit that before the series ended I started reading the manga and there are some things that are skipped, such as the appearance of certain characters, apart from that I feel that Mia's expressions look better ...
It's not that bad.. . OreGairu was definitely in my mind halfway through the series, but I can't help but feel that it has some bite, and this shy away from hitting the viewer, which lessened the supposed message.. . Jaku-Chara Tomozaki-kun's setting is about self-improvement, the reasoning behind it, the relationship, and emotion that's attached to it. In a way, I feel it's more complex than just putting it down to "change", the cast is certainly impressive. The original novel got quite good reviews, with highlights about it helping put self-improvement into context and touching on certain facets that's not often discussed. I think the original work ...
A good brainless action isekai to watch if you can't be bothered with watching anything remotely serious.. . Some say that this is like a parody of isekai trope, but it certainly isn't. It follows each brainless isekai trope to the core. The only part of it that seems comedic is the MC himself, but even that has already been seen in other isekai like Overlord. Cid also follows that route of him being ignorant about what's actually happening and his side characters that worship him like he's a god explaining what's happening.. . The MC himself is rather unlikable, like pretty much almost every character in this ...
This show was hugely overhyped and really not that funny.. . This type of show is usually right up my ally but in all honestly it was below average. The gags were stale and the jokes mostly fell flat. It couldn't hold a candle to other romcoms this season such Girlfriend X3. It had its moments and I finished it, but honestly my time could have been spent on other anime which would have provided me more enjoyment. I will probably watch season 2 in the hopes that it improves.. . Animation quality was good, Characters were pretty much a re-hash of many typical tropes. The ...
Finally nailed down it's pattern and although I still love what this anime used to be, it's remains slightly disappointing. Let me start by saying, the plot is amazing without a doubt. But comes with a couple of flaws in it's world building.. . 1. Character dump. So many characters are introduced all the time with ability, specialties and skills that could already suit current characters. Having a handful of characters with well written character arcs, always beats consistent introductions even when they aren't needed. It's interesting but only for a while.. . 2. A peculiar way of introducing characters. This anime introduces fine mature women, discards them, then ...
Under Ninja truly is something else. It's bizarre in a good way but the story is told terribly with characters being memorable only because of the absurd things they're doing.. . What is Under Ninja about? I'm not really sure. There are two Ninja groups, government sponsored NIN and private individuals UN, fighting for superiority. Why are they fighting? What are their goals? I have only a vague idea likely because of how much is going on. It was very difficult to follow week to week and remember the plot relevant things that happened because of the sheer amount of unimportant characters and how the story is ...
For the first season I quite liked this anime, but after the last 3 years, I don't expect a S2 at all because the Movie was disappointing.. . For this second season, I as a viewer really had my patience tested by one of the new red-haired characters, this was very sickening to watch and hear!. I tried to be patient here, and tried to enjoy this anime, but the result is the same as the first season, people who underestimate Goblin are very annoying.. But it's not as bad as in the second season, because they are not part of the MC's group, but the redhead is ...
This anime, which we can liken to a "colony sim" game, at least differs from other Chinese anime in terms of subject matter. If we imagined that a game with fantasy, colony sim, rpg and open world tags was adapted to anime on the basis of a power struggle with dnd-like politics and the player was turned into the lead character in this anime, we would be pointing to this anime. A viewer who likes the aforementioned game tags will not regret giving this anime a chance. However, it should be noted that it is not a very high quality production, and it is possible ...
Review summary: The characters are cute. However, compared to the past two works, the theme setting is more realistic.. Who should see it: People who thought the characters were cute!. . Sumikko Gurashi are characters with unique personalities that are popular in Japan. Sumikko means, for example, in long seat train, in a cafe, the seats at the edge are comfortable. A character with a personality that is common among Japanese people (I have the same personality). This empathy attracts many fans.. . Due to the character author's by thought, Sumikko characters do not speak. The story progresses through narration and text.. . (+) Always cute !!. The characters' personalities are introduced at ...
Visuals: 8/10. Sound: 7/10. Story: 5/10. . tl;dr: After 12 episodes, I have no clue what's even going on in this show. The twists get more and more ridiculous towards the later episodes, and the overall message that the anime tries to leave off with is indecipherable. Whatever the last episode will bring, there's no changing the fact that the theme shift towards the later episodes was a whiplash and a half, and definitely not what anyone signed up for when they read the synopsis.. . Visuals: The art style is more moe, reminiscent of 2010s anime. The main characters have unique, distinctive designs, and the animation quality is up to ...
I love Spy x Family, well. I loved Spy x Family, season 1. But this season is basically an entire season of filler, with a tiny cruise ship arc thrown in the middle that lasted three episodes. I'm confused by the overwhelming positivity that this season has received, this season brought nothing new, changed nothing and was essentially completely unneeded.. . Starting a season with a bunch of episodes on side characters is a weird choice to make, ending the season on a filler that doesn't tie into the movie is also an extremely weird choice to make. This season kind of feels like they threw ...
This review will answer if you should or should not watch Boushoku no Berserk right now.. . Boushoku no Berserk is a plain and generic anime that brings nothing new to the formula. It's a typical Isekai without being an Isekai (Character is not from another world). Our protagonist starts off weak, gains a skill, becomes overpowered, kills monsters, steals their skills, rinse and repeat, lack of character development and the animation falls off in the second half of the show.. . I would NOT watch this anime unless you have already seen all of:. Tsukimichi -Moonlit Fantasy-. Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon?. Reincarnated ...
Was this anime good? Not really. It’s one of many sports anime out there and I frankly don’t think it’d have much appeal if you’re not already interested in quiz bowl. The plot is paper-thin and the characterization is minimal. But! If you played quiz bowl in high school like I did, you will recognize yourself in this show and its characters. Major recommendation for my fellow trivia nerds. Everyone else…I guess I’d you want to learn what quiz bowl is like, this’ll teach you!. . This show really captures what it’s like to be a small group of nerds who are dedicated to quiz bowl. The ...
Idolmaster's adaptations have always had an issue catching up to the greatness that is the 2011 anime. I've always been a firm believer in quality over quantity, and the 2011 anime manages to make the most of its runtime by giving each of its girls (and crucially, Producer) a dedicated spotlight episode as well as fleshing out their characters to make them appealing for people who don't play the games. The inability of its subsequent spinoffs to stand up to the 2011 show is evident in Cinderella Girls (lack of focus on both the core trio and the overall cast) and Side:M (too many idols, ...
This season felt really underwhelming. It almost felt like nothing really happened. Part of that might be due to it only having 12 episodes (while season one had two 12 episode parts adding up to 24 eps total).. . CHARACTERS:. Good characters are very important when it comes to slice-of-life/comedy anime and this show does pretty well in this department. It's pretty clear that Yor was the main focus with the cruise arc but other characters still had their time to shine, like Loid. His constant need to be a good father in order to keep the mission going creates a great dynamic between him and Anya, as ...
Edgy Show #3. . The Eminence in Shadow finished its second season, and I feel like my patience is drawing thin. Although this show proves that an over-serious story can be a parody, it has now reached a point where I am more serious about the plot than the jokes.. . The show flipped its tone between comedy and drama too much for this season, and I'm starting to get fed up with its characters and story. The gore showing and the boobs jiggling within the same episode are making my eyes roll. Also, can we talk about Cid? Honestly, I am getting sick and tired of his oblivious ...
Ohh boy under ninja is all over the place the comedy reign all over the rest sure there is some kind of trama developing throughout the episodes but due their nature there are many inconsistent things and the fact that the series by itselft doesnt take it seriously at all is where their biggest weakness lies with some kind of plot that not only turn out to being stupid but also confunsing and really you could say with some plot holes overall.. . The thing is that even then is funny for most of the time sure not always land the jokes like expected but in general ...
Megumi no Daigo: Kyuukoku no Orange series is somehow decent in its own way. This anime is quite informative about firefighter's tools, emergency, do's and don't's, etc. Clearly, I learned something from MnD: How to rescue victims without the main door; saving someone from ruins; and violating the law for the sake of a victim. Some decisions made by Toake and Onoda were as insane as the know-it-all Daigo Asahina.. . OP and ED are bangers. Unfortunately, the OP can not be found anywhere on any global streaming platforms.. . Those who also hate fan services: You are welcomed. Try watching this instead, as I discovered that some of ...
Just finished the anime. It was entertaining enough… Not bad and not AMAZING…. I must say I’m a huge fan of the “Evil Twin” trope, where each twin is the protagonist and the other is the antagonist, such as Blood+ and Trigun. When I heard this one had it, I came running to watch it. But sadly we didn’t know enough about the conflict. Why are Abel and Cain fighting exactly? Did they use to get along better? We don’t know. Other than that, I love how the anime handles peace and character development. The red haired girl bothered me sometimes but she’s pretty tolerable ...
This show has beautiful visuals and a wonderful mix of 2D and 3D animation. Also, it has an amazing soundtrack and some stellar songs. With that said, the plot and overall writing could have used some work. The plot jumps between different scenes and times, it's hard to make a consecutive timeline for the movie or follow the relationships between characters. On top of that, the plot itself seems to grab a bunch of ideas and cliches from popular films (excluding Beauty and the Beast) and stories. If you're looking for a movie with beautiful visuals, and a wonderful soundtrack, but a rather surface-level and ...
I do not often say this about anime especially anime that restructure the storyline of the original manga and adds filler, but Rosario to Vampire's anime is superior. The anime covers all of the essential story, introduces all of the characters quicker, adds more fanservice/ecchi, and has a much more balanced harem aspect. They even added musical numbers. The action is also an improvement, though there still is not a lot of it. The addition of the bat, that provides commentary throughout the series including how long the fight of the week took was pretty funny.. . If ecchi is a deal-breaker for you, you will not ...
Mashle's adaptation is fine as an anime, and if you prefer anime to manga as a medium, feel free to add a point to my score, because the anime is a perfectly suitable way to get the story of Mashle, however you really only need one. If you've already read the manga, watching the anime will probably not do that much for you. A-1 Picture's adaptations of Shonen Jump manga have had a pretty wide range in quality from Kaguya whose adaptation improved the source material to Tokyo Ghoul and Blue Exorcist which made some pretty unforgivable decisions. Mashle lies in the middle of these ...
I honestly have bias to this show since im in love with the aesthetic and characters. Im not a fan of the trope of a overly handsome and perfect guy everyone simps over, but for this film im willing to look past it. The pacing feels alright, though a bit fast. Every character has something interesting and unique about them, creating a diverse team of main characters (eventhough most concepts used in this series are recycled from other generic ideas of a fantasy world mixed with modernity). The characters overall, dont exactly feel human and its hard to sympathize/empathize with some them and that may ...
Its a bit trippy, as youd expect it to for travelling across dreams. This is a movie that may require at least watching it twice to fully process it, in my opinion. The animation is beautiful and bursting with creativity and mind boggling visuals. The characters are okay, but its clearly Paprika who is the star, thus not alot is given to the surrounding characters. Music's catchy and represents the feverish sensation of a wild and crazy dream.. Although I like it, because its a bit trippy and has small moments of nudity (especially near the end) Id have a hard time recommending it to ...
Another anime from FUNA sensei light novel works (FSLNW) and indeed, it is basically 'saving 80000 gold in another world 2: electric boogaloo'.. Comparing both animes, we have:. a female MC of ages around 18-21 getting reincarnated as a 12-15 year old looking loli in another world that is way too similar to earth in middle ages of Europe and both isekai worlds not having magic in a common sense,. being very wise and intelligent but sometimes dumb enough to not use their cheat powers that are bestowed upon them by a certain god or goddess,. characters and world design building that is going more detailed than other off ...
God, this feels like the most disappointing seasonal of Fall to be honest.. . I thought the first season was pretty fun, not perfect, nor anything to grant it a stay in the minds of weebs after it was over, but an entertaining piece with a very interesting idea that executed it perfectly with decent animation and a very exciting DOOM-esque soundtrack.. . The most stay it had on people, mostly Twitter, was the "controversy" of the first episode that displayed the depravity and violence of the goblins, ignorant of the fact that that was the point, and what made the first appearance of the Slayer memorable and important, ...
All the reasons you could have loved season 1 for are completely gone season 2 is watered down so much now they just imply or censor most of the dark moments, quality is ok but say goodbye to the animation you will rarely see anything fresh or new, I think you can count on 2 hands the amount of times the mc actually hitting something animated, skipped over good moments from LN/Manga. Did have wholesome moments like that bridge scene but that's literally about it, the entire thing is rushed. Season 1 was so different and unique from most other animes and season 2 ...
These days, reincarnation stories are a dime a dozen. They've become especially prevalent in the light novel scene, and seriously, so many of them are just bad, generic power fantasy isekai that are there to pander to the lowest common denominator. Luckily, while Tearmoon Empire is yet another reincarnation story, its not an isekai, instead taking inspiration from the tale of Marie Antoinette and asking the question "What if a Marie Antoinette proxy had the chance to go back in time and remedy her mistakes?" And thus, with this, Tearmoon Empire is born...though if my rating didn't clue you in, a good idea is nothing ...
NOTE: This review was originally posted on my Letterboxd account on 3/1/2022. . I only remember seeing this anime once on VHS when I was a kid, and I barely remember what happens. I went into this anime expecting it to be an underappreciated gem. To be honest, it's a decent film. Although the animation in Darkside Blues is excellent, the story is disappointing in my opinion. The animation is incredible, and I adore the film's dark tone. Despite his lack of involvement, it has the feel of a Yoshiaki Kawajiri film. It has lovely dark shading, and I like how dark colors are used. The ...
A Returner's Magic Should Be Special — Tell me why manhwa series like author Chugong's Solo Levelling get all the hype with next season's much anticipated anime adaptation, rather than this "special" show that frankly (and really) isn't all that special to begin with.. . Japan's equivalent of South Korea's manhwa (or Webtoons as we simply call them today), the material has made headwaves in its own country for decades, so much so that its industry has effectively blown up in the same way that we now experience Japanese manga for authors to pursue fame and fortune. For every piece of the genre pie that we can ...
Spy x Family is the self-perpetuating motion machine of anime from a financial perspective. I wouldn't be surprised if, by the end of the show's run in however many episodes, it turns out to be one of the most profitable manga franchises of this half of the 21st Century. I've seen many apt descriptions of just how prodigiously preordained the success of this franchise was (birthed in a test tube, genetically modified, etc.), but something like Spy x Family is incredibly rare. From episode/chapter one, I think anyone who understood anime or its fans both domestically and abroad, prophetically, and viscerally, knew it would be ...
The Faraway Paladin - It's still one of my favourite "not-so-Isekai" Isekai reincarnation fantasy shows to come out of recent years, just behind the juggernaut that is Rifujin no Maganote's Mushoku Tensei: Jobless Reincarnation.. . I'm still very firm on the belief that novelist Kanata Yanagino has done an absolute "masterpiece" for Season 1's content, which covers the first 2 volumes of the LN, that the anime sadly weighs it down to just being decent, if based on the overall production alone. That said, waiting 2 years to finally see Season 2 come out...and while it's still good, it's just not on the same wavelength that the ...
It is a typical tokyo revenger, nothing else.. . In this 3rd season : Story is getting forward with some plot holes but the main plot : how protagonist will win/lose or get close to win/lose and through what? is presented in this season. . Presentation :. Animation is okay. Storytelling is okay but feels good because Now we can connect present events of season 3 to season 1 & 2. Audio is good because everytime it works as Opening song and Ending song. . overall season 3 have same flaws which season 1 and season 2 have : ok animation, flash backs, no editing in story to make it small,. ...
First two episodes were like a strong 7/10, maybe even an 8. The hook is really there and you wanna see how this epic revenge story pans out! But unfortunately the overall quality and writing just falls off one cliff after another. Every. Passing. Episode.. . The animation gets terrible last half of the season and they just keep relentlessly throwing plot twists, dark stuff and blood fiestas in your face for the sake of it, hoping it will keep the viewers ever interested. (It gets old and even predictable real quick) Oh yeah and the author most likely gets off on unhinged violence towards women, ...
This Anime felt like a comedy to me with the abusrd things that kept happening and the poor animation quality. I continued to watch it because i found it funny, However the last few episodes are just absurd and not funny anymore. The last episode in particular is one of the most insane episdoes ive ever seen of anime. The show seems self aware in how absurd it is at first and thats what made it feel like a comedy but the last episode is simply insane and tries to add in multiple unexplained plot points at the last moment that it was no longer ...
Decent art/animation -- not bad but nothing crazy.. Decent audio/sound quality -- good voice acting and sound effects; little to no soundtracks throughout the episodes; solid opening and ending songs.. . It was nice getting to know new characters this season, but there wasn't a lot of development. I'm not attached to any one of these characters, which is a letdown for me. There also was little to no character development. In fact, my perception of Mr. Goblin Slayer has perhaps went down, just b/c of how stagnant he is. At least he knows what he wants and continues to chase that? (Slaying goblins). . Moreover, I actually really ...
A very good sports anime in concept, but it didn't quite keep my interest. It hits all the very interesting notes of a sports anime however a sports anime generally needs a unique concept to fully grasp my attention and not tropes. Blue Lock is very generic as an overall sort of sports anime. It has some very interesting ideas with the plot, but it just could not bear my attention or care long enough. I can pretty much determine all the plot points by the first couple of episodes, and I truly think nothing would surprise me, nor would I care about it. Perhaps ...
The first season was a diamond of isekai anime, it is brilliant and it is a masterpiece. Sadly, this new sequel has gone downhill and It is quite dissapointing.. . I'll cut it short why this sequel is dissapointing:. 1. Unlike the first season, now the studio decide to made Filo a loli pedo bait character, it is embarrasing, disgusting and for sure targeted for a certain audience as a "fanservice".. . 2. There's lot more fanservices.. When people click and decide to watch "Tate no Yuusha" season 2, first thing that came to mind are what make the anime great in the first place and that gems brought us ...
It has become increasingly apparent how poorly written the characters are, even for a parody. At least , the entire Shadow Garden. An entourage of women with fat tits and a bland personality , which isn't a problem until they take more than half the screentime. Moreover , an entire waterpark episode solely for fanservice, and without the only character that makes this show watchable. John Smith arc could have also been better without the Delta fanservice. Come on , I like fat tits. But its pointlessness is detracting from the overall quality.. . Comedy did not hit as hard as season 1. Too many repeated gags ...
Ok so, the big controversy about this anime is the age gap. Everyone is making a big fuss about it, but I won't get into any of that in this review. I am personally ok with such age gaps and rather enjoy them even; if you're not and are absolutely convinced that it is not ok, just skip over this anime.. . Alright, starting this review, I have been excited about this anime since last year and I couldn't really wait to see it because I felt like ugh, finally a classic, typical, shoujo plot. We've been missing those for a really long while now. After having ...
"Wait, what is this... This is me... This is the shape that let others recognise me as myself!". . The plot is really scrambly, but what makes it beautiful is that you can piece the puzzle pieces together yourself in your head. There are lots of theories online about what's supposed to be the real meaning of Evangelion, the real plot, the real "purpose" of everything. They even go as far as comparing it to the most wild shit ever. But it all makes sense in some way or another.. . For me the beauty of Evangelion comes from the realization of it all after you're done watching it. ...
Let me put it this way: I love productions that mix a dark atmosphere that they tone down with humor. And such vibes were given to me by the first episodes of this anime. However, everything started to break down from the middle of the series. The drawn-out plot with the castaways and the problems of the big titties girl in general made the whole atmosphere I got to know at the beginning of the anime completely blurred.. Does this anime have any waifu material? Rather not, the chicks here are not really outstanding, although they do not make you want to throw the monitor ...
A show filled with magic, machines, revenge and violence, is what you get after humanity decides to hunt all witches and replace it with human technology.. . The kingdom of ruins is about a world where humanity wants to be independent from witches' magic, and decides to eradicate all witches to reach their goal. The show follows the only human apprentice of a witch, where after the witch hunt is over, is he fueled by revenge.. . . The plot’s basic idea is a great base, that humanity should be punished for their witch hunt. It is also greatly shown in the beginning of the show and follows a very ...
Ah, the perplexities of this season left me pondering—why persist with this anime? For those in need of context, the protagonist harbors an enduring affection for Sakisaki, a Tsundere who eventually succumbs after a year-long requests from the MC. Then, enter another girl, a Dandere, who propositions the protagonist. To add to the curious love tale, the protagonist, in a fit of empathy, seeks permission from his original girlfriend to date both—surprisingly granted. But hold on, the saga doesn't cease there! A well-known streamer, a Goudere, harbors fervent feelings for our protagonist, despite his reluctance. And rounding off the quartet, Saki's best friend, a Kuudere, ...
I honestly loved the first few episodes of this anime but the direction it headed in the end was "We are friends and we dont need any system to prove how we can be connected through pain" is the most cliché thing that exists in anime. Its just another one of those "POWER OF FRIENDSHIP" type of animes.. . I get it why some people love it - the characters were quirky and some are lovable. But if you are one of those people who are watching coz of the protagonist (cool and emotionless) then dont get into this coz the protag is cool and emotionless ...
Of all of the nearly limitless isekai out there, Shield Hero always seemed like it stood out from the rest. In hindsight, even early on it did not do all that much differently than other isekai, but it was the first time I saw the revenge subplot executed decent enough. Because the author was able to create such a gripping and interesting story in the first season, I was excited to see what they would be able to cook up in the next seasons when revenge and retribution were no longer the goals of the Shield Hero. Needless to say, the second season was awful, ...
I don't usually write many reviews, but I had to share my thoughts on this anime. "Hametsu no Oukoku," or "The Kingdoms of Ruin" – even the name, unrelated as it is to the anime, feels overly edgy. It ticks all the boxes of what makes an edgy anime, featuring a protagonist with black hair and red eyes. Let me be upfront: I just don't think this anime is good, and if you're over 18, chances are you'll agree with me.. . Let me quickly break down the basic plot. God creates humanity, realizes it was a mistake, then creates witches and shares his powers with them ...
ENGLISH. . 👼 **Angel Beats: An Angelic Symphony of Emotions! 🎶**. . Angel Beats, oh, what a journey! 🌟 While the anime undeniably holds its own charm, I must confess that the anticipation of a tearjerker left me expecting a tsunami of emotions that, perhaps, didn't quite materialize. 🤔. . Yes, it has its moments—touching, adorable, and absolutely incredible. The narrative weaves a captivating tale with an intriguing blend of humor, heartwarming scenes, and unexpected twists. 😄💔. . However, the emotional intensity that was hyped up didn't hit me as profoundly as I anticipated. Don't get me wrong, the series is good—really good, in fact! It just didn't unleash the floodgates of tears ...
There’s almost always one random anime that will get some controversy no matter if for something that is minimal or stupid yet will become the center of criticisms about the show, and in this case the series that got this treatment was KimiZero. For some reason, the main girl made some people go crazy with part of her gimmick, which in this series is that she already had relationships with other boys in the past and even had sex with them. That’s all, and as it was proven in the past by series like HigeHiro where you could complain about basically anything like bad writing, ...
I finally did a review for this after watching both Eat-Man 97 and Eat-Man 98 and I think this is the best way to experience this. You have to watch both in order to appreciate them despite their shortcomings.. . For EM97, my biggest gripe was it being an anthology, lacking continuity and in my personal opinion being hardly coherent whatsoever. At times, I was scratching my head thinking what's going on, because despite the animation and action theme, it felt like some art house production instead - lots of metaphors, symbolism, etc. In other words, stuff I don't take too kindly to, I prefer more direct ...
I'm writing this review after watching both Eat-Man 97 (this) and Eat-Man 98. When I began watching it, I had different expectations, but I soon learned that this series was not made after the manga, but instead it was random stories by a different person who uses Bolt Crank as a centerpiece of his stories.. . So this is an anthology series loosely based around Eat-Man's character Bolt Crank. Each episode is its own story and they aren't necessarily very engaging, at least not for me. The personality of Bolt Crank is more or less in line with what the original character is - silent, stoic, enigmatic, ...
Honestly I wasn't sure what I should have expected coming into this. Having read the original source material (which had ended a few years before the anime adaptation was announced), I should have known in hindsight that there was no way the anime would adapt the more interesting parts of the novel (the revolution, married life, or the controversial batshit insane finale which I actually liked), but I was still left disappointed at the end.. . For what its worth, at least it was nice to hear the characters actually voiced in the show, though outside of Rei and Claire everyone felt like they were phoning it ...
Shy is… interesting. This show instantly had me hooked since it takes a somewhat different approach to the superhero genre of entertainment and actually focuses on how the struggles of the heroes directly impact the lives of those around them, especially the ones they’re trying to save. The main theme surrounding this anime is focused on one’s heart: how one either closes it off, opens their heart to others in order to form a connection, or how it is exploited by others. The devices that the superheroes use harness their hearts in order to transform into their alter egos as well as use their super ...
This is one tough show to review. With such great animation and sound design you'd expect story and characters to be on par as well, but that doesn't seem to be the case. Characters are likable but divorced from reality and logic. Story backs them by throwing as many plot conveniences as possible. Things happen just at the right moment, at the right place, to right people so plot can move forward and some artificial drama can be introduced. Initially this is not as obvious but as time goes on it becomes impossible to ignore.. . That said there is an entertainment value to be had here ...
Neon Genesis Evangelion. Fate Zero. Serial Experiments Lain. Re: Zero Starting Life in Another World. Black Lagoon. Akame Ga Kill. Overlord.. The list goes on and on and on. All shows, the MAL Rating would have you believe that this show is better then.. . The question is, is it? HELL TO THE FUCK NO. How this show has an 8.55 rating absolutely baffles the mind. Truly, its current rating has no rhyme, reason, or logic to it. "The World's Finest Assassin Gets Reincarnated in Another World as an Aristocrat" is the exact same show, but way better. Way better.. . To summarize: The show is more ...
So I watched five episodes and wrote this review. Now I've seen all of it and while I at first I thought that writing a review after only seeing five episodes that perhaps it was a bit early to make a review of the series I have retained most of the old one.. Why is that, you ask? Well.... . -- Story & Writing. The premise is pretty good and has the quality of being the kind of premise you can do quite a lot with. Not much is actually done with it, however. The writing is cookie cutter and bland with a bunch of the usual tropes. Not ...
Note: This will cover the whole franchise up until this point, since I don’t find much to say about each entry on their own.. . I didn’t know about this series until the ova mini-series came out and got me interested in the concept right away, as it seemed to be like a fantasy version of The Sixth Sense or something, with the protagonist being the only one able to see supernatural creatures. It didn’t turn out like that at all, but still, a young girl learning magic and finding out about all the supernatural stuff lurking in her world was catchy enough, the occasional tragic deaths, ...
Disclaimer that I have not read the manga for this. Don't know if I will, but in case the manga is much more well done, I just wanted to let you know I cannot testify to that.. . I think if you expect this anime to be good because of its unique setting and main character, I would tell you not to expect that. Overall, this anime is fairly generic. It's not really bad, but its also not fantastic which is why I felt like writing a review, it feels like most of the reviews already out there are very polarizing.. . The first few episodes are ...
To me, it's alright. You know that feeling of-- you think it's cringey but you still watch it? Yeah, that's what I felt. To me, it was a little rushed and so fast phased, don't get me wrong I am the type of person who doesn't like a story that's way too dragged out and is just mainly story telling no battling, basically I like it to be fast phased but this one was different, it didn't have like an introduction to the next episode, like how others did where they'll show a clip of it on this episode and then that would be the ...
I had this ridiculously unnecessarily long title under my radar for a while before it aired because it seemed like it would be cute, but I was also worried because, as other manga and anime before it, it could go down a perverse route at any moment, thankfully it didn’t and remained as it began throughout all of its duration.. . There’s nothing special about the show, it’s a typical lighthearted adventure in a typical fantasy setting with a typical class system that makes you think that the characters are in a videogame.. . Ok, there is a political plot, and there are powerful demons hidden somewhere affecting ...
Once again the cast is stuck at school and the story moves extremely slowly in a lot of places. One of the nicer things about this season compared to the previous season was that there felt like there were more stakes to the story and it helped push things forward even when the narrative wanted to meander. That said, the ending paid out and it was worth the watch, though at times things were drawn so darkly that it was difficult to follow the action and understand what happened. But there were still things to like. I liked watching Chise grow and socialize. I liked ...
Fractale is a bizarre title. For better or for worse, it is utterly unique in a lot of ways, big and small, and there's no better way to illustrate this than by simply getting into the review. Beginning with the story, it is built upon some really impressive worldbuilding, with a creative concept blending tech with organized religion and wrapping the whole thing up in pervasive Celtic, specifically Irish, themes. I'll get into this some more later, but this is one of the only anime I've seen which takes place in Ireland, which makes for a distinctive blend of narrative themes. The story itself gets ...
Another fantasy world filled with monsters, adventures and a girl with a way too big dad complex.. . In this show we follow a father daughter duo, where the dad is a former adventurer and the daughter is a S-rank adventurer. We see here how they both get involved in different problems, both big and small, where they sometimes are together and other times apart. This also introduces different side characters for each of them, which sometimes crosses over.. . For the plot development is there generally a clear progression, where the plot builds up the world and helps expand the viewers perspective on the world. The plot in ...
My Daughter Left the Nest and Returned an S-Rank Adventurer - Once again, the typically unnecessarily long LN titles have the premise...that even if they don't sound cool on paper, their execution is rather finicky.. . In this Fall season, where there is no shortage of "found abandoned children" anime like Dekoboko Majo no Oyako Jijou a.k.a The Family Circumstances of the Irregular Witch, author Mojikakiya's only series, titled Boukensha ni Naritai to Miyako ni Deteitta Musume ga S-Rank ni Natteta (or S-Rank Musume for short), is the most apparent of sticking to its true guns of an adult stranger taking care of abandoned children, therefore making ...
The Ancient Magus' Bride — the continuation from fantasy-esque sceneries to downright school-ish nightmares...that as much as its original premise pulls us into its world, the arc that follows thereafter, desperately pushes us out of its world.. . It's no secret that famed mangaka Kore Yamazaki's Mahoutsukai no Yome a.k.a The Ancient Magus' Bride, par for the course of the anime, has received mixed feelings with the rather drastic tonal shift from a full-on fantasy quest to the "back to school" elements. As much as is evident from Season 2's split-cours throughout both Spring and now with Fall's continuation of the manga's ever-so-divisive College arc since Volume ...
As someone who enjoyed season 1, I can safely say I am disappointed by how season 2 turned out.. . I understand that the Saint's power is omnipotent but there was no substantial plot, no tension, no drama, and no cliffhangers to keep me waiting for the next episode.. . I think my main driving factor for seeing this season thru to the end was my loyalty to the first season and the characters I had grown fond of. Sad to say, I did not see any sort of character growth this season, it almost felt like a massive filler, especially the middle episodes with the transfer student/prince.. . The ...
MY.... THE WASTED POTENTIAL.. . First of all, although I rated it a 7 this anime is not bad. Unfortunately, it just felt super rushed.. The character development not just for the main protagonist could have been invested in more. The backstories were almost nonexistent for majority of the characters. This could have easily been made into a second season. The story essentially throws you into a world where OG players are in charge because they're shut in elitest but doesn't expand much into how they came to be.. The plot felt all over the place, not really going into key points, but rather brushing over them. ...
If someone asked me , "is One Piece good?" I would not be able to give them an answer. The time I've invested into this series is absurd. And if I were to say "Yes , OP is good" , it might be cope to not feel like I've wasted my life. But I find myself unable to say no because there were moments where I also felt , "Hey , this might be the best show of all time.". . Eiichiro Oda masterfully weaves mature themes like moral pluralism, corruption, anarchy, war, and slavery into the narrative, making them accessible even to VERY YOUNG audiences. ...
I loved season 1 of Eminence in Shadow, so much so that I was able to overlook the bad animation and production. Season 2 however, I found that the poor production actively hurts the show and the material. The arcs in season 2 just weren't as good as the 1st, and without any of the fights looking good, it's just frustrating to watch sometimes. I think I just have to accept that the studio just isn't going to take any time to animate it properly, and we're going to be stuck with fighting stills throughout the show. It's a shame because I think the voice ...
"My Tiny Senpai" attempts to capture the essence of a slice-of-life romantic comedy, but unfortunately falls short of creating a truly engaging narrative. The series revolves around a promising premise - the dynamic between the titular characters in a charming, everyday setting. However, the execution leaves much to be desired, ultimately resulting in a lackluster viewing experience.. . One of the most glaring issues with the show is its dearth of interesting characters. Despite the potential for vibrant personalities and unique quirks, the cast feels disappointingly one-dimensional. The character development appears to be an afterthought, leaving viewers with little to invest in emotionally. As a result, the ...
So far: gets better at episode 4.. . First 3 episodes are kinda senseless and the action is ehh idk maybe not that cool. . Episode 4 the animation is beautiful and the scenes are good. . So far: gets better at episode 4.. . First 3 episodes are kinda senseless and the action is ehh idk maybe not that cool. . ...
A wonderful, 9/10 wholesome show suffering from having too many plot points and side characters that distract you from the slice of life, comedy, and romance in this anime.. . "I'm Giving the Disgraced Noble Lady I Rescued a Crash Course in Naughtiness" is in no way bad, and it is very far from it, its actually very good. And actually I would argue that this is one of the best animes of Fall 2023.. . But sometimes it's lack of distinct focus on the main characters drags the story down exponentially. These side characters are supposed to be around for comedic affect, and to get rid of ...
I decided to give this a go as my first GL anime, and honestly, I'm not impressed. The series is not bad, it has a nice world building and Claire is a good character, but I didn't enjoy anything else besides that.. . Plot is weak, not the worst but not good either, Rae was really annoying for majority of the show, Manaria too was annoying and she was used as a plot device(I hate when authors do that).. . The political aspect that the series tried to introduce was not good at all, would've been better for the anime to not even try to touch on such ...
An intellectual goth's dream right here.. Everyone I know calls this show "One of the most underrated anime", "A hidden gem", etc. And overall I did like it. Do I think it's like the best thing ever? No. But it's a cool show.. The concept right off the bat is real high brow. Like this isn't a show you put on in the background while doing dishes. You gotta focus to know what's happening. Usually those kinds of shows aren't my thing but this one was cool. It's a great mix of very dark concepts and dry humor. Even the times where things were more ...
'The Eminence in Shadow' is a comedy subversion of a fantasy adventure, where the joke is that the hero of the story doesn't understand what's happening and doesn't take it seriously. It's complicated without being clever, and it proves that irony and self-awareness are not substitutes for meaningful conflicts, character growth, or properly timed punch lines. By season two, any given episode was barely holding my attention long enough to deliver its payload of mildly enjoyable action-comedy fan service.. . I'm told you need a very high IQ to understand 'Rick and Morty'. Whether that's true or not, you do need a remarkably high degree of media ...
KamiErabi God.app — the successor to derided, full-on 3DCG shows like Ex-Arm and Tesla Note...and being a high-stakes battle royale conceived from one of the game industry's most beloved icons? I am shooketh.. . Even if you don't play video games, the pellucid name of Yoko Taro should be no stranger to anyone, for his Drakengard (and its subsequent spin-off NieR) franchise of games has become quite the phenomenon that's widely accepted as one of the cult classic games that have gained quite the notoriety amongst fans. And now, he's back with an all-star team to create one of Fall 2023's most divisive anime of the season: ...
In a world of isekai shows, it is refreshing to get an unapologetically fantasy world. It has light hearted humor, likeable characters, and reasonably high stakes. Even the world building is okay.. So, where's the catch? Unfortunately, Helck has trouble committing to it's approach to comedy and tragedy. It lacks a greater theme, which would not be an issue if only the entertainment value was high enough. It is a little disappointing, how the animation never really reached exceptional heights, but there is also enough care to avoid any blatant issues. It all truly comes across as a bog standard production.. Yet, a lot of enjoyment was ...
This is the kind of anime that requires you to throw away your intelligence to enjoy. And by that, I mean you have to ignore every weird things that happen. And how many weird things that happen you may ask? Well, a lot. If you able to ignore those, then it quite a fun show as it has a good emotional delivery.. . - Story is about a broken family who surprisingly met in the VR game world, and then as the story goes, they have conflict with evil AI in the game.. . - Story development is unpredictable because it give you plot twists every few episodes. Perhaps ...
I Like this Anime really, and i Love the Art Style and how the characters was Made.. But the Story ist Always the Same, every Episode the girl forgot her glasses and komura-kun helps her, it gets borung after a time.. But what makes the Anime so Bad for me is just the fact, that komaru is so a wimp.. When Mie only Talks to him he gets Teleporter in another universe with 5 Heart attacks and the Scene goes Like 15 Seconds.. I know its a personall opinion but it isnt even funny.. All in one ist the Anime fine. There good characters and a great Animation. But the ...
I'm Giving the Disgraced Noble Lady I Rescued a Crash Course in Naughtiness - Oh, how disgraceful, how naughty I am...to receive a free dose of mischief that's worth a lifetime of guilty pleasures from my benefactor? I don't deserve this...or am I secretly wishing for it...?. . We are so finally back to seeing absurdly long-for-no-reason named LN titles, one of which is author Sametarou Fukada's Konyaku Haki sareta Reijou wo Hirotta Ore ga, Ikenai Koto wo Oshiekomu (or just shortened to IkenaiKyo), which is as the title claims it: giving the oppressed a life of happiness as the most treasured girl in the whole wide ...
First off, the storytelling is on point. I really enjoyed how each episode dropped little hints about the events that happened in the past and the identity of 'Extra'. I caught some of the clues, but I've gotta admit, I didn't see the big reveal coming until it was right there before my eyes.. . I liked the characters. They weren't flat, each showing different sides of humanity but still keeping true to their main "personality".. . The artwork, though, was kind of typical for my taste.. . HOWEVER. The pacing felt off to me. It took like 5 episodes for Kouichi to solve what seemed like a simple mystery, ...
I quite enjoyed I Can't Understand What My Husband Is Saying season 1. Season 2 is not terrible, but is less essential than that first one. The first one is just so adorable and wholesome, and season 2 is still adorable and wholesome, but the introduction of other characters and having them have their own arcs in an anime that is already extremely short as it is leaves little room for the main characters to have a beautiful moment. There are nice moments on here, don't get me wrong; I mostly enjoyed this anime, but season 2 is not as good as the first. It ...
Synopsis:. Hoshikuzu Telepath is a series that primarily focuses around Umika Konohoshi: a girl seeking space as an escape from her real world troubles. This task of escaping to space however, would be no easy task, which is shown throughout the series as Umika, along with 3 other girls try to engage in aerospace engineering from a complete beginner standpoint.. . Plot:. In terms of plot, it's already doing better than most Yuri anime/manga, so props! Most Yuri series tend to struggle with establishing a plot in general, so having a plot that guides the story while gradually shifting as the story progresses is a good thing. The plot ...
I was initially interested in this anime because its premise made me think it would be a medieval fantasy alternative of Hoshi no Samidare but with a retro protagonist, but the recommendations and comparisons to it mentioned Berserk, which made me even more interested in it, but aside from a few characters dying, I found no similarity whatsoever between the two titles. More people said it’s similar to I’m Quitting Heroing, so I guess I’m gonna watch that at some point for the sake of comparison or something.. . Another comparison that was made was with One Punch Man, and initially Helck does play out like a ...
The Second Stage has a rather interesting plotline that follows the heroic crew of Nirvana as they struggle to fight past the Harvest fleet and reach their home planet. However, the numerous emotional turmoils they go through are a bit of a drag. The Harvest fleet has several new surprises in store for them, making it a tough battle. The anime tries to teach the deep significance of proving to oneself and others that there is a reason for one's existence, but it overdoes it with repetitive lessons that Hibiki keeps relearning. The love triangle between Hibiki and the girls Misty and Dita is downright ...
Fair warning: I went into this anime with no interest and came out with ... well... still no interest.. . Shounens don't particularly appeal to me and this certainly didn't appeal to me when I tried it when it first aired because I thought Gojo was hot and even after watching it it still doesn't do it for me. I only tried again recently because the second season looks PHENOMENAL (animation-wise) and as someone who's interested in that field I feel I need to have a least a bit of back story before I jump into the second season.. . As I was "watching" (ie: doing other ...
It's kinda hard, to be honest, to watch this show after watching "Ranma ½". Clearly they have a lot in common, but Ranma does just about everything a bit better. So why do I think that this show isn't worthy of a higher score? Well.... . -- Story & Writing. The overall story is simple, but I have not real issues with it. It serves as a good starting point for building the rest of the show up and there is nothing inherently bad with a simple premise. I do find the episodes lacking though and often they feel disconnected to the main story. Also, there doesn't seem ...
I think this is an alright show. However, there are some things that I dislike about this show. The setting is great, with the whole "Stat System" stuff since I do like isekai/fantasy anime and manga that have it. I just think that Fate as a character is kind of unlikeable. Funny to say that I like Greed(his sword) more as a character since the banter and chats he has with Fate are what kept me going for the story. Coming back to Fate, the person who wrote this story really could've done better with him. Fate just feels too edgy and that doesn't seem ...
I'll be extremely brief. The animations, acting, and especially the songs are very good if not exceptional. However, the plot makes no sense and has colossal holes. To be more specific, there are more fundamental plot points that don't make sense than those that do.. . P.S. All of this is seasoned with an amount of edginess that makes it seem even more like it was written by a 14-year-old.. P.P.S worth watching just for the songs. . . . . . . ...
First, this is not Hayao Miyazaki, This is Gorou Miyazaki, let's not compare Hayao's movies with Gorou, I don't think is fair. Second this is Studio Ghibli 1st full CGI animated feature, meaning that everything, from animation to assets had to being done from scratch, and I remember hearing that the crew was also new with 3D software and It shows, there are things aesthetically that could be better, but I don't think they are in a bad direction and if Studio Ghibli decides to make another CGI movie I do have hopes that they did learn something from their first experience and they'll make ...
The story does not excel neither of fantasy nor even construction of the characters but the animations and colors are exploited in order to make you fully live that typical Japanese summer feeling.. . Despite not having memorable moments is a series that thanks to its short duration, only 2 minutes, can make you spend that half an hour of time in total relaxation.. . The supernatural element makes no difference and absolutely does not stand up to the pace of series that feature the same theme released in the same period (Mieruko-chan, Platinum End, etc...).. . It is definitely not a series to see absolutely but that if you have ...
I wanna preface this by saying I have no clue as to what constitutes for a good BL/GL show. I usually don't watch those kinds of shows unless under recommendation by a friend, and even then, chances are it'll stay stuck on my never ending pit of planned shows to watch.. . That said, this show has other tropes on top of being an Isekai-GL show, and I feel at least qualified to judge the show based on those tropes, and other general stuff that is included in the contents of this show.. . And these contents are...pretty half-baked.. . The setting, while good in theory, feels pretty sloppy ...
The Saint's Magic Power is Omnipotent — is that saintly omnipotent magic ever still present as time progresses, or has it been snuffed to death?. . Back in Spring 2021, author Yuka Tachibana's only series came out in a season of both wavering and high-profile shows (e.g. 86, Vivy: Fluorite Eye's Song, Fumetsu no Anata e a.k.a To Your Eternity), and despite the premiere season getting lost, even to the point where it's unnoticed, I quite like the show's combination of the typical Isekai and Shoujo romance story, laden in with the sole feature being in the medical department in the rather Iyashikei slice-of-life entertainment that it ...
Summertime Render is almost a tale of two different anime. For the first third or so of the show, maybe even the first half, I was largely glued to my seat. It had the right blend of mystery, action, genuine creepiness and plot twists that were still within the realm of normal human comprehension. The latter half, however, goes completely off the rails and continuously tries to one-up itself over and over again until the plot is so bloated, convoluted, over the top and hard to follow that it just feels like a mess. It absolutely tries to do way too much rather than simply ...
Dai-Guard is essentially a series that comically combines the super robot type of mecha anime and the real robot type of mecha anime by handling elements of the former in the setting of the latter. It’s simultaneously a comical take on the classic formula and a tribute to some of the most iconic old school titles in the genre.. . Visually you can tell the series is outdated, even by its time it isn’t very good. The artwork is kinda weak, the character designs are simple, the coloring has several issues to the point that one character has two different hair colours throughout the series, one seemingly ...
Animation, art work, and action is amazing. The series brings in great character designs and fights from end to end. You know that the mangaka, studio, and entire directing team brought forth a series that will lead the anime industry into a new forefront of media.. If you enjoy cinematic action from the beginning to the end, then this is the series for you. This show will not disappoint!. . For those wanting more from their media, such as plot and pioneering writing, this will be a bit of a blander watch through.. I struggled through the pacing, character developments, and tons of plot holes. The series felt more ...
Soul Eater NOT! was clearly made for a different audience than its predecessor Soul Eater. If you're looking for more of the OG Soul Eater, this anime will be a disappointment. However, if you don't care, and like slice of life, fanservice, and moe, you'll probably have a good time watching Soul Eater NOT! For me though, this was a snooze-fest as I really enjoyed the original Soul Eater and was hoping this would, at the very least, have the same charm as the first. Furthermore, you could watch this without having seen Soul Eater and understand it just fine, but if you choose to ...
Man, I feel a little betrayed with this anime.. Certainly more than the plot itself, the problem I have was due to the overhype around it. Because of the circumstances of its emmission, many classified it as "the true anime of the year", a hidden gem that went unnoticed because of a certain evil organization with big mouse ears.. . But the truth is it's good yeah... but it's not that special.. . The animation is pretty good and the music slaps sometimes, yeah, but the plot that should be the most important thing on a mistery story and that has been compared (not without reason) with ReZero or Steins;Gate ...
There's sparks of some really interesting world building and likeable characters in here, but it's bogged down by an unnecessarily confusing story and you'll be spending most of the time wondering wtf is going on. Like... I bet there's some people who think that makes a work more 'clever' but honestly if your audience is struggling to understand what you're saying maybe you're just not saying it that well? This isn't helped by near filler episodes that don't add much (if anything) to the plot beyond perhaps a tiny tip bit of information buried in more confusion. But the show did at least get me ...
I wouldn't say that this is bad, but it sure is boring because it makes nothing out of itself for these 12 episodes.. . "Toaru Ossan no VRMMO Katsudouki" is the quintessential "Middle Of The Road" or "slop on a plate" equivalent of anime; Its super bland and generic with everything you see here done in a different context in other anime, and does nothing overly good, yet nothing overly bad either.. . Story-wise it makes itself to be based on the video game "Old School Runescape", not to mention it also really wants to be an Isekai but can't really do that because of its VR video ...
I’ll be brief to why Sousou no Frieren could be the best or not to you.. I have to say you got to find the time to focus in the story and really feel it, that is why I will change my notation when I’ll have completed the anime but for now it took me some time to like the cast and all and think it will do the same to you ,unless your a pretty empathic person because there is a lack of facial movement, happiness and rythm for me compared to the fantasy genre and I still wonder if it’s great or ...
Oh boy, this was such a shame. This was one of the few new anime that aired in Fall that I actually seen videos hyping it up, however the show itself is just meh.. . Let's go over the plot briefly, after world war 3 the whole world somehow unites in peace, and now there's heroes all across the globe that represent their countries, and we follow Shy, who is Japan's hero. Real name Teru, Shy is a middle school girl who's socially awkward but is still a good hero despite that.. . We get introduced to I think 6 heroes all together across the season. Japan's hero obviously, ...
This was a good watch for the season. Simple As.. . Even though this isn't a game changer for all future animes to follow. This is a decent time waster action anime, with a alright story sitting behind it.. But this is where the mixed feelings come in. It is a bit disappointing with how much potential this story has, and how little it seems to make use of it.. Still doesn't make it bad anime outright, it is just disappointing of what it could've been if it was better produced or had a different approach to the pacing of the anime.. . - Continue on for more reasoning -. . The ...
For such a phenomenal series, this movie is a rather disappointing story albeit not terrible. Legend of the Galactic Heroes: Golden Wings is shallow and missing what I love most about the series: political commentary with substance.. . Chronologically the first event in the timeline, Golden Wings remastered the backstory of Reinhard and Kircheis along side adding context to how they proved their genius on the galactic battlefield. The first act is essentially a reanimated version of an episode with the other two acts continuing where the show did not without the same level of detail. We see Reinhard and Kircheis earning the respect of the troops ...
Spy x Family Season 2 takes us back into the thrilling world of espionage, family dynamics, and a dash of humor, but it's not without its share of ups and downs. While the main story arch remains gripping, the excessive use of filler episodes creates a sense of disconnection from the tightly woven narrative of Season 1.. . One of the most notable aspects of the season is the abundance of filler content that seems to sandwich the main plot. While filler episodes can offer a breather and add depth to characters, the frequency in Season 2 leaves viewers feeling a bit disconnected. The transition between crucial ...
I am speaking for the entirety of the School Idol Project. . I was honestly expecting an intense competition between school idols before I watch the show. It did have one but its safe to say that it wasn't the main point of the show. The music wasn't bad in fact I really love some of them especially "A song for you! you? you!!" and "Snow Halation". But the way it was presented it almost feel like they focused more in the dance which makes sense since they're idols, pretty standard for an idol.. . Their performance is good its replicatable in real life but it always felt lacking ...
12 of the 24 episodes of MF Ghost are finally over and it's time to see how it fairs on it's own and compared to Initial D. Spoiler alert, not good at all.. From the get go the main downside of the show is the lack of originality in it, and I'm not talking about the racing/street racing/whatever racing aspect of the show, but the characters, the premise, the stakes and the structure itself. Didn't read the manga as to be honest reading a racing manga feels quite boring without the noise and animations. So I'm mostly going blind here.. . This time around MC is a hot ...
A simple fantasy sci-fi anime with surprises in it, though with some nice and smooth animation.. . This show revolves around a demon lord that is defeated and decides to hibernate for a thousand years. To then wake up in the future with a weaker form and where humans have forgotten how to use magic, and technology now mostly rules. You then follow how he becomes a part of a squad only made up of women, and has made strong relation to one of them.. . The plot in itself is in no way mind baffling, and is honestly very predictable with little to any plot twists. The plot ...
Dub is great, and has one of the best opening songs in anime IMO. Action is pretty good. The concept itself is Interesting, and the show opens strong and closes pretty good.. . But holy moly is the middle of this show a snore fest.... Episodes 20ish to 40ish were so hard to keep watching, there wasn't anything major going on, and if it was, it was hard to get invested. The writing at times seems all over the place, and inconsistent throughout the show. Also, the opening is way too horny, the rest of the show isn't anywhere close to the levels of down bad ...
My first impressions on Shy? The premise screams on repeat with recent trend of superhero anime. Although Shy has yet to achieve a mainstream level of stardom, it has a premise attached that reflect on that recent trend. Most people would point fingers at My Hero Academia for setting the standard in recent years. When we look at Shy, we need to ask ourselves if this is really just another copy-paste superhero show or one that truly made an identity of itself.. . Before we even jump into the main story and characters, it's noticable that the season consists of just 12 episodes. With the manga running ...
Berserk Of Gluttony is a extremely generic power fantasy that we've seen a thousand times by now, but it's still engaging and fairly entertaining despite that.. . Let's start with a brief summary of the plot, Fate Graphite (yes, that's his actual name) gets basically bullied by a lot of the holy knights because he's weak or something. But one day Fate finds a sword named Greed that helps awaken his Gluttony ability, which makes him more powerful the more he kills, However, if he doesn't fulfill his duties and fails to kill anything, than he will go berserk and something bad would happen ig (I don't ...
In its genre, Boushoku no Berserk is a typical show. This show starts pretty exciting, but as time goes on, the degree of excitement drops. It's pretty obvious that Fate, the main protagonist, lacks a clear goal and is simply a follower of whatever happens. He is a typical Shonen protagonist, which isn't bad but also not very interesting. I find his partner Greed to be more interesting; he's also quite humorous. Although this season hasn't really gone into great detail, the concept of the Deadly Sins as abilities and weapons was intriguing in this show. I would have loved to see more interactions between Fate and ...
The long awaited Season 2 of the japanese Superman! *cough*. . They should rename the series into Ultramen as our young hero has barely any more screentime than the other Ultramen.. . The first obvious change. Instead of a 13 episode season we only get 6 episodes. Good choice? Yes. It felt more like a movie.. . Story 6/10: This time the story follows a clear path. We have an enemy and even if it isnt entirely obvious whats going on, all of the enemies have a common goal. So our heroes carve through the chain villains until they arrive at the last boss. Its exciting at some points, we get ...
Ultraman!. . Is it the japanese version of Superman but instead of Clark Kent we have a japanese highschooler saving the world? Well, kinda... But the very early version of Superman who just found out about his power and struggle with about what is right and what is wrong. Not the seasoned veteran who saves Metropolis on a daily basis.. . Unfortunately, I havent watched the original version of Ultraman. On MAL its listed as alternative setting but after watching the first few episodes I think thats wrong. The events of 2019 Ultraman set place 10 years after the end of 1980 Ultraman. So its a sequel and a ...
Okay I actually tried on like two separate occasions to watch this show and to see why everyone was obsessed with it. The first time was way back when the anime first aired, I was watching weekly before I just stopped at episode 8. The second time was recently this week as of writing this review, and I made it all the way to episode 20 this time before once again dropping the series. I'm not going to say JJK is a terrible show or anything, but I was just expecting a lot more from it? The way everyone talks about this show, all of ...
I find this anime to be too simple. They put so much effort in the animation and design yet fail to create a story or character development. The first episode got me hooked as it looked promising yet 13 episodes later nothing really happened. The character relationships developed ever so slightly and the characters themselves haven't changed at all. I really don't understand how they decided to animate this for 13 episodes when it could have been a pretty good OVA (maybe 40 min).. . As it stands, I did enjoy the first few episodes but it became tiring after the 5th or 6th episode especially with ...
This season of fate/grand order (if i can say that considering that is the first format series adaptation being the previous ones ovas or movies) starts basically with the wrong foot obviating literally 5 of 6 singularities with the exception of Fate/Grand Order: Shinsei Entaku Ryouiki the sixt one, like went straight to this cutting like half of the content and even if im not aware of the game in which this is based off was a HUGE skip story wise and some might ask but was maybe an decision to go in the juicy part and i would say not really and gonna try ...
I never fell for the hype of this anime to begin with. Largely, I have been unimpressed with Spy x Family as a whole. From the very beginning it looked promising only to fall off into too much of a children's show based around Anya and her adventures. It hasn't done wonders for me with the finale coming this weekend. I have never been able to fully invest into any of the characters except for Fiona and that is about it. Yor, got some spotlight this season but she just may have suffered from too much lack of screen presence at points. Loid, is an ...
What I liked is the superior art and animation to the original. When I watched the original I was disappointed the art and animation didn't measure up to Samurai X's. That alone was my primary reason for wanting to watching this. Kenshin and his morale code and backstory make him a character you can understand even if you don't identify with him. It's a question we all have to deal with, "Should you never kill people, even if they deserve it?" This is combined with the villains and their motives giving us the viewers the chance to empathize or not with them. Always asking the ...
After a certain event occurs roughly halfway through the story, the anime loses all its steam. Before this event, the anime would have easily been an 8 or 9, but the story just... flops after it. Almost everyone who has watched the anime knows what I'm referring to by "this event", which just goes to show how it ruined the second half of the show. Even the first half, the "best part" of the show, would still be overhyped just by itself. Overall, I would say that while some people may like this anime, I personally wasn't one of them. It's worth a watch, but ...
Ok I'm gonna cut to the chase. MF ghost is a good anime about cars and a very bad anime about literally everything else. The worst part being that the portion between the cars and everything else is split into 50-50. So what is this everything else? The stupid Angel stuff which the main female character has a job in.. . The Angel stuff is where girls of basically 17 to 28 years old are almost naked and hold signs up for the drivers to signal the start of the race. This is not something that is simply mentioned once and forgotten about. 25% of EVERY ...
Art/Animation - 8/10: Solid, smooth animation. Indicative of a good-quality animation studio. Drawing style is cute.. . Sound/Audio - 7/10: Not many OSTs throughout the episodes. OK opening and ending themes.. . Characters - 8/10: Love how each character has their distinct backstories and personalities.. . Story - 7/10: Not much plot to it. It's one of those simple, funny, slice-of-life shows. Each episode can be a stand-alone, but definitely makes more sense when you watch the whole series together.. . Overall, I recommend this show to anyone who wants something light-hearted to watch while eating or before going to sleep, but this would be too slow for people who ...
I knew it was over with the manga years ago, so seeing it animated is bittersweet indeed. Nothing to look forward to anymore. Though I am happy to ride this fun ride. Way back in the day I thought it was all over after season 1. We had to wait ages for season 2 and the franchise kept evolving. Scary, to think it could have all ended so much earlier or even earleir if no one had given Isayama's Manga a chance (his drawings were pretty bad :D).. . Perfectly done by Mappa. Isayama can be very happy to have worked with yet another great studio that ...
Caution: MF Ghost is not an Initial D successor.. . It's best to judge MF Ghost on its own rather than comparing it to Initial D because it falls far short in comparison. It's passable on its own, but it doesn't have the same essence and soul as the original, which made it such a success.. . This show loves referencing the fact that it is even linked to Initial D.. It literally tries to reference it in every spot imaginable; it likes to reference Takumi, but he isn't even in Japan anymore; Ryosuke has only made an appearance on screen; and the only Initial D characters shown in MF ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (8). The story is about a man who didn't have any strength or power and never leveled up. Then He found a sword and abilities to devour others' skills but He's gonna take a price forever till dead. Later on, He's gonna find someone that have unique abilities similar to him but not the same. That's how his journey begins to become a hero in back stage.. . Art (7). The art in this anime is very good. I like the color they used and the shadow. But some people might don't like the art style they were using. I ...
Another isekai with generic characters? Where to start? The two main girls, a high class lady and her servant have lost everything to the "Void" attacks and are looking to save the last of humanity with their holy weapons. It's a fine concept and these are the only two characters that feel fleshed out, so if the story was about that them it could've been a interesting show. Sadly, the plot revolves around a demon lord that comes back after 1000 years in the human body of a 12 year old and gets adopted by said girls from earlier. This happens to muddle the story ...
-Mind Game review.-. . Do you know that feeling that you get when you are watching a director’s debut film and you just feel exhausted and think that half of the techniques used were unnecessary and a way for the director to show off?. . Well, that’s mind game for you.. . To be fair, Yuasa had already occupied the chair of “Director” before as episode director for “Rakugo Kan” and director for short films like "Slime Adventures: Yay, the Sea!” among other important creative roles.. . But Mind Game was his directorial debut for a feature-length film, and it fucking shows.. . The movie is constantly visually stimulating, using ...
Una serie que demuestra una vez más, que aquellos que solo piden animación y colores bonitos en las adaptaciones de anime, no tienen ni idea de como se lleva una buena historia.. . Wonder Egg Priority es un buen anime, y trata unos temas cuanto menos muy interesantes, pero, contando solo con la adaptación del anime, y sin conocer nada del manga, creo que han llevado MUY MAL el ritmo de la historia, y los conceptos de esta, dejan abiertos demasiados flancos, hay demasiadas cosas que no cuadran y son un sin sentido para el mundo de esta historia, el final de la serie te deja tontísimo ...
Rurouni Kenshin: Meiji Kenkaku Romantan (2023). . A remake that was needed? no. A remake that is trying to set itself up as a serious? Not needed. This franchise has been done before and it was fine. The live-action films did what this couldn't. All this does is drag everything out in as long a format as it can.. . Whilst it was entertaining in some ways it also used a really stupid way for Kenshin to speak. Referring to himself in the third person repeatedly is not fun nor is it good to listen to. The characters are rushed yet the show takes ages to do anything. ...
If you're going from season 1 & 2 with high expectations for this closure of this series,. I don't really recommend to continue or just watch it with lower expectation as it won't be as good.. . The first 6 eps with the cult thing had some interesting approach that hooked me at first. I think it would be good. if they expanded to the entire season while tying some loose ends. Instead it ends pretty abruptly although safe enough. wthout having the character personality changes drastically. Also I really like how they handle Dimple's character development. until the end of the arc.. . But then after that the story continues ...
Apologies for the choppy writing and the too "vibes-based" overview, writing this at 1 am rn. . Far too many glazers for this show man. Mushoku Tensei is hailed as some masterful work of deep character writing and worldbuilding, and I can absolutely see where those people come from. What I can't see where these people are coming from is a proper justification for why Rudeus is the way Rudeus is. Don't get me wrong, I thought season 1 (especially part II) was pretty great, Ruijerd was a delight every time he was on screen and Eris was also ...
"Mieruko-chan" has an interesting premise and likeable characters however over the course of the 12 episodes there is a lack of development for both.. . The show plays to the typical slice-of-life style, following the main characters through their daily lives, but it doesn't become too menial or redundant. The horror elements are handled well and are even a little spooky at times. There were even a few times where an unexpected twist was done and it actually surprised me. They were really well done and it shows the thought that was put into the stories for those episodes.. . However, this is definitely not an anime ...
I am usually not a fan of Isekai or Light Novel Adapatation anime, but I was able to see the charm of this show, even if I thought it could have been done better. The funniest part of the anime is when Cid is just bluffing is way through the Isekai world, and whatever he says becomes reality. I wish they would do more jokes that revolved around that. The animation is pretty good. There are some genuinely funny moments in the show. The show does not do a great job of explaining why exactly the protagonist feels the need to run around as Medieval ...
To me, aot ended at the last episode of season 3. After that point, it just wasn’t attack on titan anymore.. . Let me start by getting something straight. The plot for this season was not bad. In fact, it was actually good. However, the transition from season 3 to final season took away most of what I loved about aot. Most of the things I loved about aot was the whole tone, with people dying left and right, and humanity fighting a losing battle against titans. I also enjoyed the reveals of when a trusted ally was actually a titan all along. It’s these moments ...
Its always great when a Lupin story takes a deeper look at Jigen’s past and his relationships. He’s hard on the outside but soft on the inside.. . Also Zenigata is framed as Lupin’s accomplice. And ironically has to team up with Lupin to clear his name. I always love seeing Lupin and Zenigata work together.. . The plot revolves around a man who wants to gain political power so he can rule the world. And in order to get this power he needs the mcguffin. So he tries to trick Lupin into stealing it for him. Meanwhile Fujiko is undercover as his assistant. Typical Lupin plot. Oh ...
i watched it when i was in elementary school or something, i dont remember anything other than i was traumatized at the end of the first season and in the second season i've waited for the old blue thing to came back (who made me cry my eyes out) and i guess it didn't? so i was so dissapointed. dude idk why it was my fav cartoon but if you read my review it means you experienced the best anime in early 2000s for ur childhood, congrats for being a special snowflake. . idk why anime list wants me to write longer, it feels like a homework ...
Mobile Suit Gundam - The Witch from Mercury Season 2 elevates the exhilarating narrative and top-tier animation that fans cherished in Season 1. Maintaining its commitment to stunning visuals, the series presents a breathtaking cosmic ballet that captures the essence of the Gundam universe. The animation quality remains consistently high, with intricately detailed mobile suits and captivating space battles that keep viewers on the edge of their seats.. . What sets Season 2 apart is its intensified focus on action. Building upon the foundation laid in the first season, the battles are more dynamic, intense, and visually spectacular. The mecha enthusiasts will undoubtedly find themselves in awe ...
As it stands it seems this show has been abandoned after its first season and 9 years later in 2023 a live-action show started.. . A decent romance show with no real surprises or impact.. It's not uncommon for a show to be rear loaded, but the weight of this particular show is almost entirely on the last two episodes. 12 episodes just isn't enough to really develop things.. It struggles to define itself and flip flops between the main romance and the main girl's experience of adolescence and social impressions. It doesn't marry the two things very well.. . Let me go back a little to what the ...
"Mobile Suit Gundam: The Witch from Mercury" kicks off with Episode 0, setting the stage for what promises to be a unique addition to the Gundam franchise. This initial installment delivers a dramatic and emotional narrative that captivates viewers from the start. The storytelling is rich, delving into the characters' backgrounds and establishing a solid foundation for the events to unfold in Season 1.. . Season 1 takes an interesting turn by incorporating elements of yuri and high school drama, a departure from the typical Gundam formula. The exploration of these themes, coupled with a backdrop of space racism, adds layers of complexity to the narrative. While ...
This show is a little dumb.. First off, despite the literally dozens of reminders in every single episode that they're doing science, the characters are actually only ever doing engineering, not science. There's a big difference. This ignorant confusion of the two things persists in dr. stone season 2. It's obvious the people behind this show have never put their hands to either science or engineering and get everything they know from TV and comic books.. The moral of the story being preached by the main character about scientific curiosity being intrinsic to humans is shown to be a big fat joke as soon as he meets ...
Bakemonogatari is best summed up as a piece of modern visual art. Watching it, I was interested in what kind of story it would tell. Visually, it's freaking breathtaking, and very experimental, which some will either love or hate. It will go from anime to random shots of still life, to suddenly random words of kanji on the screen - which you don't even need to pause or read for, because they really don't even mean anything.. . The show's characters had their fun moments, but I felt like they were lacking something. While the show is separated into multiple-part short stories all in a small package, ...
This side story really cliche.. . The story is about going into some country and solve its problem. The problem was simple like prevent two good guy turn against each other and defeat the bad guy.. . The pacing is well-done, however, found annoying with the cliche like bad guy always old people, good guy always young, the two good guys somehow stupid that they didn't know being manipulated until Rimuru helps them, the bad guy also stupid where they should have escape after they found out they do bad things rather than face on with good guys, the bad guy sacrifice his friend for their own power ...
Not a bad Gundam anime. I definitely like the original Origin series better. The hour long episodes really allow for greater details. It's not my favorite series, but it's very good to build context if you're starting your Gundam journey.. . The art style and animation is simple, but effective. You're just here for the story, not necessarily the Mobile Suit battles, although, you do see some action here. This show takes place before Mobile Suits were a big thing in the Gundam universe, so it's cool to watch a piece of Gundam history.. . Char is awesome and one of my favorite characters in the series, ...
This show got the manga canceled , cannot ever forgive Toei Animation for that mistake , Anyway the show blood got turn down , and the tone is way more childish too , your better off start reading the manga , because this show is incomplete, its so not cool the show was gonna be the next big shonen hit too , from crossover with anime , and games to even getting movies , the Toriko anime is the worst Toei Adaptation ever , your better sticking to Kira Kira Pretty Cure A la mode if you want a cooking anime without much ...
Going to try to keep this short and simple. This is my first experience with the Rurouni Kenshin series and as such I have no prior knowledge or nostalgic rose-tinted glasses when it comes to giving this anime a try. Despite what's been said about the author, I'd heard plenty of times how good this series was and how much of a classic it is. That everything gets better the further into the story we go. Well I gave it a go and stomached the whole 24 episode season for the sake of giving it a fair shot.. . But c'mon... no matter how much everyone ...
i enjoyed watching this anime, i didnt get emersed into it till midway through it's series though; about ep3 or ep4. i didnt care much for the intro & outro as well. the animation to me is similar to 3D Animation from some video games.. so i rated it 8 due to story was good & animation graphics orverall was like 3D animation of some video games. it would have been a 9 if the intro & outro was more interesting as well.. also due to the graphics it's sorta realistic as well. And it has some BGL in it.. if you like stories & anime that's rounded ...
The only thing I can really say about this series is that it was truly harmless.. Just a kinda bland office romance with a cute, short stack senpai, and a bit of a quiet, normie kohai.. I like the dynamic between them, it's very fuzzy, but there was no development on a character or couple level at all. They both start out kind of crushing on each other (i think) and by the end they're still exactly where they began.. Sadly this is another series where the coworkers and their story seem more interesting than the main characters. I really liked their manager as well as ...
At least, it was really funny.. . You need to have seen other generic isekais before because this is a parody of the genre. Here, there are no messages, no great speeches, no ideas, nothing of this sort. Instead, you'll find fanservice, lewd humour and immature gags.. . For S1 and S2 and the OVAs:. . Konosuba is very light-hearted and with nearly no stakes at all because of the literal deus ex machina. It's an anime where no one dies. Moreover, the evil guys aren't really evil, and when they suddenly become so, it's not as impactful. Meanwhile, all the good guys have a tremendous explosion resistance. The protagonists are ...
“The 8th son” is what happens when You have no imagination, no original ideas and was force fed the most generic, middle of the road fantasy anime in existence for the first two decades of Your life.. . One day a young office worker dies after completing a hard day of work. It’s never stated outright but we can easily assume that karoshi claimed another victim. He wakes up in the body of a 5 year old boy. The seven years he spends on understanding his new environment and training in magic, which is a rather rare skill in this world. Due to events, mostly, beyond his ...
Tengoku Daimakyou adapts a manga made by the same author of Soredemo something-or-other (And Yet the Town still Moves). That show, adapted by Shaft, had a very good last episode that rips off ‘It’s a Wonderful Life’, or pays homage, depending on your point of view. Being one of the few anime episodes that made me feel something other than indifference, I thought very highly of And Yet the Town Still Moves. On closer inspection its not very good, not very bad, not really much of anything, which goes to show how a good last impression can work wonders for your perception of something’s quality. ...
While I am always very critical of shows released by Netflix, especially anime, I am also fair especially in regards to shows it produces that do work well, and I am the first to admit this is one of them. Little Witch Academia creates a very compelling world that can provide for a very interesting and enjoyable watching experience. That combined with interesting and unique visuals (which can be a hit or miss whether or not a Netflix anime will receive the "copy/paste" style or something unique), and a very competently made soundtrack provides a show with what I consider to be a slightly above ...
Honestly this movie doesn't provide much than a tease for the Season 3. However, personally I'm left feeling nostalgic for this show.. . Story. Story is probaly the weakest point for the show. But I can forgive it since the run time is only ~50 minutes. Atleast we can see all these characters again that, personally I miss so much since the 3rd movie which was also underwheming for me. If you want the short version you can just read the synopsis and then read the results. That's all there is. But if you want a nice Slice of Life show that the show has been providing in ...
I’ve seen many comparisons with the previous anime which I found a bit unfair so I thought why not write something about it? With my own take on said comparisons.. . In terms of visuals, this remake follows the same idea as the new Bastard!! which was also made by LIDENFILMS. Compared to the previous adaptation, the overall artwork here is more consistent and doesn’t have the same quality drops, and of course the characters look closer to what you can find somewhere else this day, instead of the typical 90s look they had in the 1996 anime. The models are also more consistent, as another decision ...
"The Legendary Hero is Dead" offers a unique take on the isekai genre, blending humor and adventure in a world filled with magical creatures and epic quests. While it has its moments of pervy comedy, and grand adventure, the series falls short in combing aspects of comedy and high adventure plot, earning it a mid-range rating of 6 out of 10.. . One of the standout features of the anime is its innovative premise. The story revolves around the aftermath of a legendary hero's demise, a refreshing departure from the typical hero's journey. This twist injects a sense of unpredictability into the narrative, keeping viewers engaged as ...
Delicious Party♡Precure , a let down from Tropical Rouge ! Pretty Cure , Delicious Party♡Precure is a poor man’s Kira Kira Pretty Cure A la Mode , from the designs , and characters , even the villains weren’t as great in this , it’s short that the best part of this season , would recommend to not watch this as your first Pretty Cure Season , it’s not good it’s the weakest of the Franchise so far , plus the movie for this season , doesn’t even have The Kira Kira Pretty Cure a la mode cast why Toei ? It’s rock bottom ...
The anime had a very good start, and then it just continued, well differently. I watched this anime because so many "anime elitists" called it peak anime and I liked its aesthetic however, I don't understand why people like this show so much. All it has is an aesthetic and that's it. I mean, it does have a story, but the issue with the storytelling is that there could be nothing going on for 10 episodes. It's mostly just Lain walking down a street with loud electricity buzzing coming from utility poles. The nothingness is interrupted every 2 episodes by the narrator giving you an ...
The first Precure season I ever hear about , I did not know it’s was a cooking season about delicious sweets with a animal motif too , it’s another non violent season of Pretty Cure , also I know this season exists because of a King of the Hill meme , is it worth to watch ? Maybe , the season is about villains taken away the sweetness from food by taken their taste away , this feels like a Shoujo Toriko ( Also by Toei Animation ) the animation looks as good as ever , the characters are cool to look ...
Unfortunately, this show turned out to be more childish than I initially thought. I was expecting more mature concepts, including heavier political themes. Instead, we have extremely repetitive action and fight scenes that were way too dragged out. The main villain is a very cringe-worthy concept, everything related to him was exaggerated into oblivion. Towards the end, some vague, philosophical bullshit is squeezed in to make the show seem more intellectual than it actually is.. . The alchemy in this show essentially just entails a failed attempt at a resurrection and some magical explosions from our protagonist’s small palms here and there, occasional manipulation of objects/concrete, ...
It was a good job, the colors of the characters were cute and you liked them, but in my opinion, the story is not good at all, if it has a next season and also has a hidden love, it is not good, it was more like (Yuri's village), the story part is not good My personal opinion was that this is a matter of taste, but the quality of the work was really good. . One positive thing is that there are many characters and they have variety. I liked it, but there was no man in the story, it was all hidden☹️. . And the fact ...
As I'm writing this review, there are 2 more episodes left.. i only started this anime as if it was going to be comedic. I saw some clips of one of the twins looking like they are having a seizure instead of laughing and I thought it was really funny so I started it. it had some weird clips at the start and the beginning of the anime was a little, just a little bit boring, but to my surprise, it started to get interesting, and I was so focused on it, but boy did this anime take a dark turn. I won't ever say that ...
Objectively speaking, JJK Season 1 is just not that good. I don't feel an attachment to any of the characters except for Gojo. Aside from Gojo, all the other characters are not really characters so much from a manifestation of a quirk, and the protagonist doesn't really have a personality at all. There's nothing necessarily wrong with having a protagonist who is a vessel for an evil spirit, but other Shonen series have given a more complete character study that just seems empty with Yuji. Of the 24 episodes, it feels like nothing really happens until about episode 14. This is when the high quality ...
There are three things to say about it to summarize my thoughts. Firstly, the anime had a fairly good opener, first couple episodes were solid, giving it a good hook that definitely piqued my interest. Second, the revenge plotline is what caught my interest, and many other peoples interests too, however, it dropped that storyline almost too suddenly, making it almost feel rushed for the plot you're there for, and steadily becoming mildly boring, following a story that almost feels forced, even after showing another side of the main character, which isn't seen again afterwards. Finally, it feels like an anime version of Harry Potter, ...
I don't know what I watched or heard but If i could i would go back in time 3 minutes and stop myself from watching this because I'm now in a constant state of surrealism. Ngl it was a hard watch but the fact that i zoned out watching a loop of a playdough hatsune miku holding a leek i think its safe to say it is very difficult to watch the entirety of this "masterpiece" in one sitting without breaking eye contact with the video.. . I would not wish my greatest enemy to watch this on loop for 24 hours. In fact I wouldn't ...
I'll be short and sweet with this review. Looks great, for something came out 20 years ago. Characters and Story is pretty dire. Sound is good.. . Visuals 10/10 - Really can't stress how good it is, there was clearly a lot of effort time and passion poured into the visual quality, but I will also give points to the style of it, the environments are very very well done and really help build the dystopian/post apocalyptic feeling the world. Face expression are phenomenal and filled with expression.. . Story 4/10 - Boring in most places, very underdeveloped and the ending leaves so much left to ...
Summer Wars was okay. I didn't love it, but it was a fun watch. The pacing of the film is weird. I think the film is best when you're getting to observe this family, and their love for their matriarch. Watching her step up to encourage everyone in positions of authority and leadership in her community during the phone call scene was a good character moment. That and her card game with Kenji, asking him to take care of her granddaughter are probably the best character moments in the film. However, Kenji's character never really steps up to meet Granny Jinnouchi's request. His role in ...
There it is, a body on display, delicate fabric hugging its frame as if a part of its existence from the very beginning. Porcelain skin adorned with silk, the material complements the complexion. The figure stands there without concern for the wondering gaze of any passersby, a translucent wall erected between it and the endless faces. Society is kept at bay. The soft glow of light dancing on the surface of the sheet of glass serving as its imprisonment. It shimmers ever so slightly, creating prisms of color in the endless shuffle. The rays of light trails over the delicate frame of the figure. Beauty ...
When going into this, I thought it would be great. I saw nothing but praise and I was excited to dive in.. But when I started, I kept telling myself that it's surely going to get better as I watch more episodes, but it never did. I never found myself caring about any of the characters, the story or anything happening. The only thing I actually liked about the anime were 3 things: seeing the locations from the game, music and the art style.. Of course we all like different things, but this one just wasn't it for me and I honestly couldn't understand the hype around ...
There is a lot to like about the Witch from Mercury. It can satisfy the itch for a high budget mecha series with fluid animation, epic battles and a beautiful soundtrack. There are some interesting unorthodox things too. Take the main character, for example. Contrary to many classic Gundam series, she is a timid, high-school girl called Suletta. There is someone hidden in the supporting cast who fits the profile of a generic Gundam pilot MC (can you guess who it is?) yet it is Suletta who has the leading role. Not only that, she is paired up to be the "groom" of another girl ...
While the anime might not be a standout, it has enough appeal to retain your interest. One distinctive aspect is its departure from the typical isekai narrative, offering a unique story. The main character's unconventional role as not exactly a protagonist, but perhaps leaning towards an antagonist, adds an intriguing dynamic. There's a hope that the anime could improve as it progresses, maintaining your engagement. Even if it remains at its current level, you're inclined to continue and explore what unfolds in seasons 2, 3, and 4. The potential for character development or plot twists could elevate the overall experience.
This is a big let down coming off of the amazing first season we had. While its just as flashy, the fights fail to have any substance and its just back to back of new bad guy vs good guy. Some of the fights are interesting but none of them are really memorable. We get some cool bankai moments, enough to keep discussion alive each week but its wholly empty. Ichigo is only in a fraction of the episodes and does mostly nothing. This season feels like more of a filler buildup to what will hopefully be an amazing season 3 so that I ...
When I first heard Goblin Slayer S2 was out I was happy. I thought they dropped it, but here we are, and this had me excited then I started watching.. . So I find it hard to figure out what this season was about, but from what I see there's a little character growth in all the characters mainly Goblin Slayer as he learns there's more to life than just killing Goblins, but killing Goblins is still his sole task. We can see how inexperienced he is with other creatures by not knowing what they are, but he gets a general just based off of similarities he ...
Taoist, fatty and musclehead walk in to a bar... This joke overall describes what's happening in the donghua.. . The premise is fine, in modern setting MC is the only one with supernatural abilities and he uses them in problem-solving through the season. 3d is also up to date, not the greatest, but fluid and smooth enough.. . There is no back story to any of the characters or their development yet, but generally first season is basically introduction.. . There are some usual cliche like secret of the birth, missing parents, keepsake, random female character without clear relationship, funny fat guy (he is not) and lots of faceslapping.. . What's wrong ...
Here we have another anime getting a remake for its anniversary. With a fairly lengthy anime adaptation for this series already existing, the question is whether this new adaptation is worth it. This review and score reflect both seasons as a whole.. . Characters suffer quite a bit in this new series. Mint is practically a different character now and Zakuro is way too talkative for a few examples. I'm not a fan of the changes and even without comparing to the original series, most of the characters are just okay. Aoyama as the main love interest did tend to be criticized for being boring back in ...
I really wanted to love this. Ends up more in the "like" column. Overall, this is a step in the right direction for music anime.. . Yes this does a few innovative things... for a Bang Dream show. It has deep, complicated characters and relationships... for a Bang Dream show. It has fairly strong music... for a Bang Dream show. The plot itself is not terribly complex, which is not a problem if you have strong performances. Sadly, the voice acting is not up to snuff.. . When you realize that Bang Dream was conceived as a money machine first and ...
OK so Deadmount Death Play is OK, there is something however lacking from it that means it will never hit any lofty heights. Its funny, in particular when The Phantom Solitaire takes over the show, but all in all is a little disjointed and needs more thought for it to be a great as it could have been.. . The animation is great. This is probably the part in which it shines the most. It isn't getting into the 9s or 10s but it's definitely solid. Frustratingly, the opening sequences animation is superb. The battle this is taking place looks fantastic and ...
While Sea Cat was a good little short movie to watch with decent animation, lovely character design, fine music, and seiyuu work, the story of the anime is basically lackluster. Even at what it aims for: the shock value at the end and delivering a message. The punch was somewhat like a toddler hitting you for a chocolate bar. The Kishiwada City Teachers' Union wanted anti-war and anti-nuclear warfare, but in a misguided way.. . At first, we see three kittens put on a basket lid and released into the flow of a river while their mother is watching. A little girl sees them and tries to ...
So this is the thing about this anime. **some spoilers***. . I am SUCH a sucker for isekai, villainess, reincarnation stories (as evident from my anime and manga lists, that's all I read these days) and I had heard about this one even before it got an anime adaptation so I was like hey, that's cool! And I tried to like this, I swear I did. It's a great villainess reincarnation story, the soundtrack was fitting, voice acting was great, and the art and animation were all nice to look at. You know the problem I had with this anime? Everything was just so c r i ...
Great pretender is a 10/10 show with the worst ending known to man. You watch this show and become enraptured with the cunning schemes, the characters and their backstories, the immaculate art, and just the overall thrill of what feels like Oceans 11 the anime. Then the ending throws a concrete brick at your f*cking head like you're a homeless man in a 2014 youtube prank video. I've never felt so disrespected by an ending. Honestly it's genius how they could make an ending this d*gshit. Watch everything up to the boat scene and then stop after that and pretend that's the ending. The final ...
Punching bag named Baki, is the real title I'd place on this show. It has a very simple premise which doesn't carry the show but gives it enough excuse to glue other ideas on to in attempt to create a coherent story. This story is neither deep nor good, just barely serviceable to provide yet another excuse for yet another fight.. . Our main character wants to get stronger, even though at any point in any episode we are told he's already like monster. Episode after episode we are told he is strong, he advanced and overcomes hurdles and yet you don't get any of that from ...
The garden of words is an anime with a beautifully animated environment which along with its sound can make watching it into quite the experience. The story however I liked less and is the reason is can't recommend it to everyone.. . The story is a story is 40 minutes long and you experience along with the characters. There is no clearly defined goal or purpose but you just follow the characters and their interactions, simply experiencing where the story goes. The story is mostly about two people meeting in a garden on rainy mornings where they then interact. Initially you barely know anything about the ...
I like Mashle but at the same time idk. It’s very comedy focused. It’s not an action anime so you can’t really take it too seriously. Mashle is a funny anime for sure, but I kind of hate how everything is a joke. Literally every single fight is just Mash winning because he’s so strong and doesn’t need magic so it gets kind of boring. You know what to expect with every single episode. In other animes, the main character gets stronger but Mash was just op from the very beginning. Idk it’s good but I kind of regret watching it at the same time.
As you might imagine, the premise of the story is that the female protagonist is a tomboy who struggles to be viewed as feminine or attractive, specifically in the eyes of her best (male) friend.. . It's your standard rom-com setup with friends helping them get together and navigate through struggles for each of them.. . I think it's a genuinely good show because it doesn't pretend to be more than it is, the music is good (watch the outros, it changes at one point), the animation is absolutely fine, the voice work is a touch above average and the story goes a few ways that manage to keep ...
It's a simple story about working hard with everything you've got and the power of friendship to make everything okay. And also there's koto music.. . I'm really interested in learning about traditional Japanese music instruments, and I feel like this is a great introduction to learning about the koto. I especially love how you can see the sheet music and how the notation is written. The performances are also stellar, I hope whoever got hired to play in the koto ensemble gets compensated well. It's so difficult to not only play a difficult koto piece, but to purposely make mistakes in it as well. I also ...
This is perhaps the most degenerate anime I've ever seen, except for maybe "iya na Kai sare nagara opantsu misete moraitai" as that is and will be the most degenerate show I, personally, will ever watch. I'm not here to directly shame people with fetishes for this stuff, but at the same time I'm not saying I'd feel bad if they did. This is a shota-con show explicitly for people to put themselves into the position of a 12 year old boy getting smothered by an ungodly amount of boobs. So many p-words in one series have not before and will not ever be surpassed. ...
I previously read some of the manga, so watching the anime was an enjoyable enough experience. I think I still enjoy the manga more because the art is just so good, while the anime doesn't excel much visually besides a couple scenes. One thing the anime did do better is make me like all of the girls much more. While reading the manga I was strongly on team Mia, but the anime endeared me more to everyone. The voice acting was a big part of that, and speaking of it does take a little bit to get used to VA for Akagami because it's much ...
Sounds weird but.. the further you go, the better it gets.. Especially the last part... damn just awesome meeting so many fellow souls and seeing some eastereggs for old fans. especially the one with movie 5 got me so well <3. . Is the story unique? -. i mean yes in the end I totally felt nostalgic and miss the fact that I wont be able to watch it anymore. Didnt expect this feeling, afterall sun and moon destroyed my whole opinion about the anime. . Do you think the art style is fitting for the story?. yes. . ...
My thought on Urashiman is that it's worth seeing if, and only if, you're a fan of Irresponsible Captain Tylor - because if you can't appreciate that, you won't appreciate this. Like Tylor, this is a parody comedy based on tropes of the period, but it's simply not as good as Kouichi Mashimo's later work and very inconsistent between episodes. The only episode really that stood out to me is #32, which has a 3 minute sequence with the best callbacks to the silent film era I've ever seen in anime: they managed to reference at least 11 specific Chaplin, Keaton, and Keystone Cops moments ...
My wife and I saw this in theaters last night. Other than watching the trailer for the film the day before, we went in completely blind. My abridged thoughts are more or less unless you're a really hardcore Ghibli fan who likes anything and everything they put out just because it's Ghibli, you'll probably be some amount of underwhelmed with this.. . The Boy and the Heron very much LOOKS like a Ghibli movie. It has the classic Ghibli art style with a 2023 coat of paint. It's not the prettiest anime I've ever seen but it definitely looks nice and it brings a very vibrant and ...
I really enjoyed this anime, but I'd say it's really one of those 6.5/10 anime where there are a lot of laughs but also some things that just don't land or feel too repetitive. The main cast were likable and easy to root for. Some of the secondary cast kind of could veer into creep territory but the narrative always pulled back before things could get too creepy to watch. I would definitely watch a season 2, but I labeled this mixed-feelings because I know some people I wouldn't feel confident recommending this to.. . That said, if you're looking for something kind of silly and ...
How to begin... Ghibli's newest film feels like a Ghibli movie in terms of the quirks and familiarity we've come to know and love. Lovely, soothing music that prompts the right feeling and emotion to a moment. Art that has you admiring every little detail, the backdrops, the movements... it's a gorgeous movie much like all of his others. In that, you won't be disappointed.. . Unfortunately, the tale we're being woven leaves much to be desired. A mix mash of another world and reality. Hardly do we ever have a moment to learn about anyone else but the MC and his loss of his mother.There is ...
The best girl is Sumi.. Ruka is way better than Chizuru.. Chizuru is CRAP AF.. Yaemori, Mini is a little sly fox.. . Is the story unique? If it was predictable, did you enjoy it anyway because you like this genre/set-up?. The story is meh.. . Do you think the art style is fitting for the story?. The art style was really good.. ...
My only problem with this MV is how the song itself is so muffled in the music video. The visuals themselves are cool, especially for those who are into mechas, and some funny memes stem from this music video, but it's a shame that the song behind this video is so subdued. It has the most surprising unit of characters, where you have the leaders Rei, Rinne, Hokuto, Tsukasa, and Shu, yet they have the most beautiful and harmonic voices that I have ever heard. You wouldn't expect a chaotic gambler like Rinne to have a beautiful duet line with an elegant artist like Shu. ...
Not worthy of the No. 1 anime. If compared to other anime for ranking. But I don't say this is bad, You can watch it continuously.. For me to be the No.1 anime there should be a creative, deep lore, character development, pull emotions, better story and story goals.. And that's it. Other animes are better than that. Sousou no Frieren is a fantasy anime. The composition of the fantasy anime. Example culture, races, language, worldbuilding and powers are explained in detail The story that does this well is Mushoku Tensei. Next for the character development and pull emotion cleary is Ashita no Joe. And last ...
This is another average isekai anime, but rated slightly higher since unlike most ones similar to this, this actually has a slightly complex plot, somewhat better than poorly executed AND MANAGES TO HAVE NO PLOT HOLES! (Except the randomly assigned power level of literally everyone). As many anime series of this genre exist, very few have the uniqueness required for them to be popular, or be recommended, and this one kinda comes close.. . As a review, I would recommend this if you want to watch "zero struggle" battle scenes, with an overpowered mc yet again, but with a single plot twist to the whole thing.
Bocchi the rock can be summed up as a show that banks on relatability, and cute girls doing cute things. The series relies on the gimmick of the girls being cute, it’s a dime a dozen show with the basic idea being that “introverted girl slowly comes out of her shell through the use of friends” which isn’t a foreign concept at all. But the execution is extremely typical.. . The artstyle and animation are very good honestly speaking, it’s very fluid and the characters are drawn very well. The uniqueness in the way the series is portrayed through its great animation and use of unique frames ...
Berserk of Gluttony is your typical fantasy anime to a degree. The plot is very predictable and the characters ain't the most interesting, but it can be an overall enjoyable "turn your brain off" type of show. Without a doubt the biggest flaw is the animation. The character movement feels very stiff, the fights are incredibly mediocre and the overall episode direction is very underwhelming. I know most of these show don't have huge budgets, but this one is below average in terms of production and this really takes away the immersion. If ya want a short time waster go for it, but otherwise navigate ...
While this is certainly not a masterpiece, it is an interesting peek into the development of anime and a cool artifact from the era. Unlike what others have said, there is quite a bit of animation in this short pilot, though it is lacking color. This leads to a surprisingly astute presentation for something that didn’t see the light of day for thirty years.. . It’s no doubt worth the watch at a runtime of only one minute and forty seconds. If you are a fan of anime history, old anime and how anime is made, then this is certainly a good anime for you.
Hello! I wrote this review in the 3 most commonly used languages on the page. Spanish is my native language, so if I made any translation or formulation errors, please let me know! Thank you.. . ¡Hola! Escribí esta reseña en los 3 idiomas más utilizados en la página. El español es mi lengua materna, así que si cometí algún error de traducción o formulación, ¡házmelo saber! Gracias.. . こんにちは！私はこのレビューをページで最もよく使われている3つの言語で書きました。スペイン語が私の母国語なので、翻訳や表現に誤りがあれば教えてください！ありがとう。. . Title: Mieruko-chan: A Promising Attempt with Untapped Potential. . Genre: Comedy, Horror. Episodes: 12. ...
I would like to give my opinion on this season of Jujutsu Kaisen. I think I can now give it since there are only 3 episodes left to watch.. This is my first review and English is not my native language, so excuse me in advance if I make a few mistakes.. . I would like to talk first of all about the visual aspect over the whole season.. When I learned that Park Seong-Hu would no longer be the director of season 2, I was sort of surprised. I didn't really hate his direction in season 1. It must be said that there was clearly a DA problem ...
Season two is pretty good but a far cry from the perfection of season one. Since season one ended on a cliff - hanger, of course one wants to go straight to season two, which is different in structure, tone, and style than season one. Was I disappointed? Yeah, because I know the greatness this creator is capable of. It does not live up to the genius of season one. Worse, however, though both seasons are heart-rending, season two is heavy - handed about it. It less touches your heart than rips it out of your chest, and not in a good way like season ...
Ghibli's latest production attempts to be a thought-provoking, existential commentary on life, dealing with grief, and moving on after loss. Instead, it offers more questions than answers and fumbles it's pacing by drawing out the beginning half with world-building the world we are familiar with instead of the new one that we'd appreciate clearer knowledge about.. . The main character does have a resolution with his development, albeit it is easily overlooked due to the his minimal lines and generally monotonous reaction to a lot of events. The relationships between characters are not complex, and were not impactful enough to make me feel a connection to ...
The Boy and the Heron is most explicitly an attempt to rekindle the flame of Spirited Away, but in a more artistic and whimsical form. Many of the character designs and imagery are very similar, as is the dream-like quality of the story. With a little of Princess Mononoke and The Wind Rises mixed in, it's a story that borrows heavily and straddles the fantastical and the realistic in a way that's not quite as effective as Miyazaki's other films but still delivers emotional high points.. . What caught my attention most during viewing was the way this film was edited. Ghibli's filmography is very well known ...
"Rascal Does Not Dream of a Sister Venturing Out" earns a middling 6/10 rating due to its frustratingly unfulfilled potential. The anime, despite its intriguing premise, suffers from a pacing issue that makes it feel unnecessarily prolonged. The narrative, which could have been effectively condensed into a two-episode arc, is stretched thin over the duration of a movie, resulting in a lack of depth and exploration of the captivating themes introduced. This missed opportunity leaves viewers wanting more, not in a positive sense, but in a desire for a more focused and compelling storyline that fully utilizes the allotted time.. . While the anime boasts interesting characters ...
I watched The Boy and the Heron tonight and I felt pretty ambivalent about it.. . As expected of Studio Ghibli the visuals were great and it was nice and fun to watch in a theater, though I doubt I'll ever revisit it beyond maybe to read the book that influenced it.. . What I found particularly interesting was the heavy Western art influence visible in the architecture, interiors and rooms, the furniture and the various objects placed within, and that occasionally exerted its presence even in the film's environments and surroundings, producing a picturesque feel that was for me the only saving grace of the film. ...
“The Boy and The Herron” was a little disappointing for me.. . The introduction had me really hooked, I knew I would enjoy a film about childhood trauma. And whilst it did live up to that by the conclusion, the more it progressed the less interested (and frankly put, confused) I became. The ending, while very abrupt, was sold-enough for me and at least ties SOME things together during its climax. I enjoyed those semi-biographical aspects of 'passing the torch to a newer generation,' to both rebuild the world into a better place and for storytelling as a whole, and for Miyazaki himself acknowledging that he will ...
"The sexiest new anime of the year!" -New York Times. "Not the isekai we wanted, but the isekai we needed." -JPM Fumio Kishida. "It's on my watchlist." -Crunchyroll User. . It's gimmicky for sure, but not necessarily in a bad way, and you can tell some thought was actually put into it. After all, it's not everyday that an anime will address topics such as: the need for feminine hygiene products, contraceptives, unreasonable feels for zombie children, how to use an AED, the usefulness of modern conveniences, why you shouldn't give orange juice to zombie children, the science behind dry ice, and why did the author hurt us with ...
Happiness Charge Precure! Now this season is another mid season for me , Smile is again better than this one , I like. Happiness Charge more than Doki Doki , this show animation really goes to the many cameos you see before the Opening theme , the plot is bear bones , the Cures are almost copies from past Cures , The final few episodes animation got better , Happiness Charge Precure! is a low quality show for Pretty Cure at the time 10th Anniversary. It’s the Kamen Rider Decade of Pretty Cure , at least the All Stars movie was good ...
Doki Doki is a mid Precure season , Smile is way better , also don’t watch Doki Doki Dub too , The villains are alright , the heroines are pretty okay , it’s a step down from its Smile sisters , Doki Doki got some good themes of being a bit selfish is a good thing in life , to keep it in balanced, I don’t like the monster designs in this season , well that that Doki Doki was having a up hill battle to be a good Precure season , the movie did something shocking , but I will not tell ...
The Pens Edge Is Mightier Than The Gun.. . I hate the lazy line “It fell off” anime fans with the attention span of a Chihuahua on G-Fuel use to write off stories that slow down their pacing to build up narrative tension. However, The Kingdoms of Ruin is one of the few anime I will allow the description “It fell off” to accurately apply.. . Humans have overtaken magic with advanced science and now plan to wipe out the witches for good in a bloody and very edgy genocide. After his beloved witch teacher Chloe is humiliated and murdered in front of him and a crowd of propaganda-brainwashed ...
This is basically a covert isekai, with the difference that the protagonist was transported to another world a few blocks away from her home. You have all shoujo isekai tropes thrown in there, an over-knowledged MC is thrown into a new situation as an underdog, but she's quickly adapting because she can resolve anything and soon everything revolves around the genius. The whole series is wish-fullfillment 101, anything Maomao tries succeeds no matter what, and not a single person has thought of doing anything like she does it. Despite this the series has an engaging plot and the art is beautiful, it doesn't feel like ...
A young man loses consciousness and is effectively rendered comatose, and so he is whisked away to a fantasy world where it is unclear if he is merely dreaming everything that occurs or if he is spiritually deceased back on Earth, the threads of his fate severed there and woven anew in this magical place he now exists. No stranger to the Isekai genre himself, the main character immediately gets to it, hunts down the nearest adventurer's guild and one-stop adventure-ready shop to gear up and make himself at home in this new reality. He even takes on his very first quest after joining the ...
Ight... I'll give it to you straight.. . If you hate this anime, I know how to make you love this anime... Stop treating this as a show, and begin treating it as a hentai.. . If you go into this looking at it as a normal, anime you'll probably find yourself not liking it. The story is uncomfortable, and needs improvement. If they were to revise this it'd be noticeably better. Most, not all, but most characters could use some improvement because it feels like their average.. . I suggest watch this alone, and when your in "the" mood. Because I did not feel like the story is all ...
"The Last: Naruto the Movie" marks the conclusion of the Naruto Shippuden series, providing fans with a mix of emotional highs, stunning visuals, and a romantic focus that serves as both a satisfying resolution and a point of contention.. . One cannot help but be impressed by the movie's animation quality. The fight scenes are fluid, and the character designs are consistent with the established aesthetic of the series. The attention to detail in portraying familiar landscapes and jutsu techniques adds to the visual appeal.. . Unlike its predecessors, "The Last" leans heavily into the romantic aspect of Naruto's life, particularly his relationship with Hinata. While this departure from ...
The first season of Mushoku Tensei took a bunch of overused tropes and made something interesting, new and heartfelt out of them. It's always been a mixed bag with some iffy stuff, and at least half the time this show would explore the problems within those tropes and make something refreshing. This season the scale tipped too far into just using the cliches uncritically, unchanged. A lot of this cour is romcom rubbish in the form of ongoing miscommunication that doesn't have any thematic point beyond just delaying the romance and not really developing it. Where is the show that could make a reunion between ...
A young prince and heir-apparent to the throne is viewed by all around him as being every bit as competent and reliable as is befitting of a kingdom's future king, but the prince has a secret that only his attendant knows: he wants absolutely nothing to do with the welfare of his kingdom, which is in the throes of poverty. Such is the premise of this show. The setting is a sort of medieval alternative-Europe, where there does not seem to be any magic to speak of and most problems are solved by quill, voice, or sword.. . The writing is above average, but only marginally; many ...
Fool them thrice and no more! Overpowered protagonist? The religion of this world solved that problem after the errors of letting them run wild in the first place... An Anti-Isekai worth attention in an oversaturated market of generic attempts. In this world you don't get to be the summoned hero. The summoned are to be despised for their "gifts." This is a wildly unique story of a heroine desperate to complete her mission in accordance with her faith and our absent minded guest attempting to help in any way. What you will watch is a battle of conflicting interests. This is a standout from ...
Zeta Gundam differs significantly in tone from Mobile Suit Gundam, as it has a darker atmosphere. The series has a constant sense of foreboding as if the entire system is on the brink of collapsing into a despotic nightmare. Even the victories earned by the AEUG in the show's early stages feel hollow and Pyrrhic, as they often take one step forward and two steps back.. . While the story is interesting, my issue lies with the main cast. Although they have strengths, I must say that they often fall flat. They come across as two-dimensional and overly transparent in their motivations. For example, I had mixed ...
This story is a perfect story in the right context. There WILL be people upset by the idea that it's a grown man's mind in a boys body or the fact it lacks a lot of action. That is not this story. This story is about coming of age, realizing what it means to love and how to love. It explores sexuality in multiple ways on top of finding ones own purpose.. . The concept of being an isekai is not original... though the way this season so far has played out has been BEYOND original. It heavily explores with expectations of ones self and others, hyper-sexualization ...
I was thinking whether i should watch this or not in the end i gave it a go. First of all the synopsis for this series isnt quite reflected on the episodes. Only 4 or 5 episodes are about the struggle between the local gangs the other are about the so called middle man Makoto doing choirs for local residents or immigrants. There is not the drama implied in the description. Also action is limited and the episodes arent well connected with each other. In the end the anime isnt horrible but dont have high expectations for it. It could have been much much better.
the first season of the show was amazing simply for the fact that like many other similar comedies, it parodied somewhat of a certain genre (in this case isekai). it wasn't some masterpiece but it was funny, this season however ditched that, not that it completely threw it away but the fact that it tried to have a serious plot and characters while the main character goes around and does cringy things while being overpowered just because. again it's not a bad thing but this show just does a bad job at balancing comedy and a serious plot as opposed to a similar show like ...
This show is about a group of ordinary people who become soldiers and use the Earth Federation's powerful ship, the White Base, and their new weapon, the Gundam, to fight the Zeon Empire. I found the story repetitive as the group traveled from one place to another to get supplies and repair their weapons. However, the show stands out for its focus on character development and interpersonal relationships. The protagonist, Amuro Ray, must grow and learn to work with his team in order to overcome his enemies.. . The show also highlights the human cost of war. It shows how war affects not only soldiers but ...
I appreciate the anime's story, message, and plot. However, it's not executed well. The initial episodes grabbed my attention, where Rachel Gardner was stuck in a deadly building. I enjoyed the mystery/thriller theme. However, the rest of the show was just her wishing she were dead after witnessing a gruesome murder. She doesn't want to keep living, and she makes that known when she meets Zack and asks him to kill her. Her negative attitude draws Zack's attention to her, and he becomes interested. The anime sometimes seems like it might become predictable or pointless, but the characters' attitudes never change from start to finish. ...
If you live on this planet, you have probably heard of Nier Automata, the legendary video game created by Yoko Taro and released in 2017.. . I am a big fan of the video game and I really waited for the premiere of this anime with great excitement and expectations. Nier Automata has an extraordinary story, incredible characters, and truly impressive plot twists that made me fantasize to the fullest of what could be achieved by turning this game into an anime series.. . However, there is an absolute reality that clearly escaped Yoko Taro and that I did not count on: the narrative of a video game is ...
I have mixed feelings about this anime, there are many positive factors as well as many negative factors that affect the final rating but in the end I would say that the positive things outweigh the negative ones.. . The plot is good, interesting but it failed to live up to my initial expectations. Many things are not explained or are taken for granted, undermining the enjoyment of the anime. Aspects such as the war between North and South or the Tessik people have not been treated enough to be interesting, and these are just two examples.. . The soundtrack is incredible, really beautiful as are the animations, the ...
is it a good anime? no. did i laugh anyway? yes. was it predictable? well.. i wouldn't necessarily say that.. . i watched this knowing what i was getting into and had a good time only because it's hilariously bad.. . anyway if you want a more coherent story, play the otome games! they flesh out the characters more and give important plot details that you need to know to understand the story and characters better.. . also, yui is not as helpless in the otome games. ive watched people play them and they're definitely better written.. . would not recommend to people who are here for an innocent vampire romance thing. it ...
As a huge fan of Eve no Jikan, as I was watching Mizu no Kotoba, I was having quite a bit of deja vu, and sure enough, this is the springboard for what later became one of my favorite movies. It was certainly interesting to see the roots, the nascent ideas starting to kick in the womb, and particularly visually and atmospherically, it still has some merits of its own. Sadly, the themes and narrative elements are quite a bit weaker here. Muddled and benign, breaking away from coherence (if it ever was in the first place,) and simply pretty words with ...
I had high hopes for this anime… just like I did with MF ghost. It’s been a awesome season in anime for car enthusiasts. But unfortunately… the story line wasn’t for me…. . Freelance photographer Kouya Madoka is in the midst of a slump due to a certain reason. While working on a story at the Fuji International Speedway, he meets the high school F4 racer Haruka Asahina and he suddenly finds his heart racing once again. He decides to support Asahina and help him make his dream come true with the small team, Komaki Motors. With this, the lives of Madoka and Asahina. . I don’t care ...
One thing is for certain with this anime is that the fighting animation is great. It also very refreshing to see well animated hand to hand combat. This show is your classic fighting tournament theme, with a variety of different fighting styles on display, similar to Kengen Ashura. Unlike Kengen Ashura however, setting the animation to one side, its not very good.. . Ill start first with the story. For me, it was really boring. I didn't feel engaged with any of the character story lines. This then resulted in me caring very little of the tournament fighting outcomes. From start ...
a shit show but a decent shit show, i guess? by harem standards, it passes the test but overall enjoyment wise, it was meh. my biggest gripe with this show was the god awfully, emotionally dense MC. i mean like there's being unaware that someone is into you and then there's just you being dumb as hell. MC falls into the second category. the girls were okay, not really memorable or impressionable characters. only character i liked was the student council president, only because she seemed to be the only person that could actually fucking think and use her brain.. . onto the MC. if it ...
Ever since the trapped in videogame type of isekai sub-genre became a fad, you could read some people saying that this one show, the first of them all by a long margin, is actually the best, and since those comments come from people who hate that genre, I always wanted to check it out. I was initially planning to review the franchise as a whole once I finished it, but who knows if that will even happen.. . Obviously, this anime is quite outdated when it comes to visuals, for a 2002 anime the artwork is solid and the backgrounds are great, while everything else is just ...
Gakuen Alice is one of the first dozen shows I used to watch as a kid on TV. I remember loving it so much, but when I watched it properly as an adult much later, It was entertaining but okay at best.. . My main issue is the plot. It is not very sophisticated and falls somewhere between a coherent storyline and a series of random events. This results in a winding story with no real focus. It occasionally moves towards plot advancement, but much momentum is lost by going off on tangents. While these tangents contain some of the anime's most enjoyable moments, they serve to ...
It's an okay anime, I would not say it's bad, however not a fantastic anime.. . The plot stays consistent throughout the entire anime, our main protagonist Komi has trouble interacting with other people around her and feels uncomfortable talking to others. Unfortunately, that is the entire anime, and it does not expand off that. You can argue that. "It's the name of the anime so obviously the anime will bring up that Komi is introverted!". Yes except after watching an entire anime that revolves around that, you find yourself getting bored because it never feels like the plot is going anywhere.. The characters are "okay", you won't find ...
Not much to say here that wouldn't be a repeat of my review of season 1. However, season 2 is substantially better than season 1 in terms of comedy and even character writing in certain cases. Although most of the main cast is still as shallow and one-dimensional as ever, the characters are slightly more distinguished than in season 1. Furthermore, the characters I previously found annoying no longer bother me as much and the humor is far more effective now.. . Overall, if you didn't like season 1, I recommend skipping through it and watching season 2 instead if you're willing to give it another shot. ...
It's an anime based on a popular game series Atelier. Atelier Ryze the game was popular mainly because of its thick thighs, which the anime utilizes perfectly.. If you never played Atelier games or didn't finish it, then maybe this anime isn't for you. It has the same pace, same side quests and quests as the game.. Animation from episode 1 to episode 6 is mediocre if not bad, but from episode 6 it gets better. Maybe they replaced the art director.. Anime enjoyment after watching the whole 12 episodes in 2 days was pretty good, especially after that 6th episode when the animation got better.. You can't expect ...
took me a couple months but I finally found it online, subtitles were a little wonky but easily understandable just a little minor issues overall I didn’t really enjoy it. It was great film but personally I watched the rascal does not dream of series for mai and sakuta and I guess this was crucial character development. But yeah it was still a great movie and I can’t wait for the next one definitely shouldn’t take as long as it is to get to states I believe it’s still not out in states it came out on Blu ray and I was able to find ...
Nauseating. Hurts to look at. Gave me motion sickness. Sounds good.. . Okay, the most glaring issue Amrita no Kyouen has is the animation style. It has this low framerate look reminiscent of a flipbook. It's a very particular style and I can almost imagine how it was made. It looks like a live action performance filmed in front of a green screen and awkwardly keyed in front of the background. Characters sometimes slide around on the ground as they stand still. Then they got some rotoscoping artists to draw over the actors but only on every 10 frames to save time. Finally, any time the camera ...
It's real that "Yami Shibai 11" upholds a agreeing style in two together animation and reading. Some witnesses maybe saddened stylish cause it doesn't observe the value of the original series (comic book) . It's not exceptional for sequels or after seasons to face taller beliefs, and it's okay to have inclinations. Different seasons can resound otherwise with witnesses, and it's all few the various range of belief inside the fan base. One of the key reasons reason the show has accumulate critique is the inevitable contrasting to allure forebears. The original Yami Shibai seasons were pioneering in their approach to transfering short, discouraging accounts ...
A story about awkward adolescent girls' expectations of sex, what it makes them do, what their perceptions of how people view them are and how it all makes them feel.. . If this sounds simplistic, it's because that's what the premise of the show is.. Out of the three genres, 'comedy, drama, romance' the emphasis is mostly on drama. Neither the 'comedy' or 'romance' are particularly present or memorable.. . It is entertaining and interesting, an enjoyable show for sure, but to me this is feminine self-indulgence and validations of insecurity and the rationalizations put behind questionable behaviour being presented as reasonable.. Praising this would be the equivalent ...
Potentially a good show ruined by CGI.. . The story structure is somewhat similar to Kono Oto Tomare, so if you enjoyed that anime you will likely enjoy this one as well.. . The biggest downfall of this series so far is the budget. At first glance, you would think this show was created a decade ago and not in 2023. The art quality feels a lot worse than other shows. Hype/tense moments get completely killed by the use of 3D models. 5 episodes in and I'm fairly certain every single performance so far has been CGI.. . Hard to immerse yourself when the most important and focal point of the ...
This anime is poorly executed, and way too formulaic. Overall, I'm really dissapointed with how the plot has been made to flow so poorly, and with how bland the MC is. Just so we are clear, Isekai has an especially low bar on MCs, yet this anime somehow manages to cross that border.. . Overall (6 / 10). . Story (4 / 10). Very repetitive. The general plot every single episode is as follows: Go to place > place in danger > save place > leave place discreetly > repeat. The way we're dumped into the story also makes it really hard to enjoy the plot flow. There are only 12 ...
Escaflowne is a fine anime with the setting being set in a fantasy world with some technology in it as well, although I wished more things could have been explained because many things just come out of left-field along with the fast pacing. There's never really that much foreshadowing of where stuff leads too, just boom this appears(somewhat more in the latter half) or they appear but sometimes get explained later. But at the same I think the story pretty much sets out what it's meant to do in the first place. The ending is rushed which just make everything feel a bit. . Music: 9/10 The ...
If I could describe a fall from grace, it would be Promise Neverland. I remember watching this anime when it first came out and described it as peak after the first couple episodes. It gave us a thrilling, original premise, with some very interesting child characters. I'm a sucker for a bleak world, with minimal margin for success in the stories which this show felt like it was taking to another level. After the first season, I thought there was nowhere to go but up, but after watching season 2, it felt like it completely lost it's way. It honestly felt like there was a ...
"摔香炉" / "Shuai Xiang Lu" (1981) - Review. . "摔香炉," an animated series from 1981, presents a tale of differing perspectives and conflicting beliefs within a couple's life. In a narrative that showcases the clash between traditional ideologies, the story unfolds with an old couple navigating divergent views on what constitutes a fulfilling life.. . Review:. . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 6/10. . The animation, considering its 1981 release, showcases decent visuals. While it doesn't hold up to modern standards, it retains a nostalgic charm. However, the animation quality might not meet expectations for contemporary viewers.. . ...
scamboli describes it best. this show is like "another" to me. just abhorrent and the funniest shit ever.. ok i guess i need to add more. the death game aspect is the only good part. also popularized the yandere architype !!! wow chat gpt.. ok i guess the main guy? pittles lets call him, stupidest fucking idiot ever good this guy is SO retarded! but its chill cuz hes unintentionally the funniest dude the show has to offer. the villains have infinite budget for literal preset gas traps? Awesome sauce! Holy Smokes!. jesus i need more words. yeah this show sucked. uh watch the dub for a ...
Full Metal Panic! features two distinct styles in its storytelling. The first is comedic, starting with Sousuke's struggles to fit in at school and moving on to other topics. The second is the harsh reality of a Mythril soldier, which includes political intrigue, terrorism, sci-fi weaponry, and mecha action. If these two elements had been better integrated, Full Metal Panic! could have been an award-winning series. However, the two styles never really blend well, and the story progresses in awkward chunks as it switches between them. Although both styles start out strong in their respective sections, it's unfortunate that they soon become mediocre. The comedy ...
I'll give you the short answer: watch it if you are being nostalgic of the old show, don't otherwise.. . Let me get this straight. They put quite a bit of effort into bringing all the nostalgic feelings from that show. Many references, many cameo appearances, even the music, the inside jokes, all of that just bringing up memories of me watching 02 over and over again during my childhood. But unlike Digimon tri. before it, the characters did not get the chance to shine. It feels like they tried to create tension but couldn't because they can't really end it in this one? Digimon Adventure has ...
You'll like it if:. • You enjoyed the comedic aspect of S1.. • You liked the character dynamics in S1 and want to see more of the side characters.. • You finished S1 and you just want more.. • Slice of Life is your thing.. . You won't like it if:. • You expect the Horimiya plot to progress.. • You didn't like how the attention shifted from the main couple to the side characters in S1, cause you mostly liked the romance.. • You're not a fan of filler episodes...since this is basically a filler season.. • You couldn't care less about the side characters. ...
So we’ve officially entered the Liu Cixin era of Chinese science fiction, huh?. . Link Click S2 is interesting because its biggest flaw was the end of the previous season. Ending on a cliffhanger, the main idea for why the cliffhanger worked was to set into play more mystery. There’s emotional implications too, but it feels overshadowed.. . And that’s exactly how I would describe season two. While attempts are made to keep the emotional core of the story, the number of twists and turns make it feel insignificant. Link click as of now feels like an anime stuck between two worlds, with incredible mystery thriller twists, but with ...
Kabaneri of the Iron Fortress provided an enjoyable, thrilling action experience with impressive production quality, abundant zombie slaying scenes, and an entertaining cast. The conclusion, as expected, left several questions unanswered. Regrettably, the movie sequel, The Battle of Unato, does not provide any answers. Nonetheless, it still offers the usual Kabaneri fun, even if it falls short of its potential as a feature film.. . The Battle of Unato is a story that could have easily fit into the TV series as it felt like one of those episodes we've seen in the series. The show feels like a well-paced action flick. However, it does not attempt ...
You might not be interested in this show if you're not into Samurai, Steampunk feudal Japan, armored battle trains, or zombies. The premise of this series got me interested. Overall, I had fun watching this series. It had plenty of high-energy action, great fight choreography, and an interesting world. However, it didn't have the same effect on me as I expected. I've read that Kabaneri has been compared to Attack on Titan numerous times, with some people labeling it as a clone of the latter. However, I disagree with this notion. While both shows were created by the same studio and share a similar staff, ...
i guess its good, its like if you combined the story of Don Quixote and a generic isekai anime in one. I can say the first 8 episodes were enjoyable and funny, but its gotten to a point where i feel the story its taking itself a bit too serious. When it shouldnt at all, i even dare to say it has become kind of repetitive and have no substance whatsoever.. . This might change in later episodes but currently, as im watching it right now, its kind of a bummer to watch. The story might had a kinda unique twist on it, but other than ...
It tries to be all deep and meaningful, but it kinda trips over its own feet? The story, with its dystopian backdrop and themes about class differences and relationships, can feel like it's trying too hard. It's got this heavy, dramatic vibe that might be a bit much for some.. Now, where it scores some points is in the looks department. The characters have this cool, distinct design. Buuuut the characters, despite looking cool, sometimes feel a bit cardboard. The focus on their appearances kinda takes away from giving them more depth. And the relationships? Well, they can feel a bit forced, like the story's pushing ...
Is like a comedy rollercoaster that never stops bringing the laughs. Yoshiko's total lack of common sense and her crazy antics keeps the humor up. The timing is spot-on, and the situations she gets into are just plain ridiculous, in the best way possible.. But, here's the thing... After a while, you might feel like you're stuck in a comedy loop. It's all about Yoshiko doing something nuts, and while it's fun, you might start craving a bit more spice? in the humor mix.. Still, it is the go-to for anyone who just wants a solid dose of crazy, lol moments. It's not trying to be deep ...
God this sequel... The story continues Afro's journey, revenge with elements of redemption. What stands out is the integration of traditional samurai lore with a futuristic twist, creating a narrative that feels both familiar and refreshingly unique.. The design elements continue to shine to me, with characters sporting an extra layer of detail and flair. Afro's iconic look remains a visual feast, and the addition of new characters adds diversity to an already stylish ensemble. The fight sequences maintain the series' reputation. The animation quality and attention to detail amplify the impact of every sword swing.. Now, let's talk about Sio:). She's the magnetic force that propels ...
It was so cuteeee. The character development is a standout feature, with Adachi and Shimamura undergoing significant growth as they come to terms with their feelings. The anime captures the vulnerability, joy, and confusion that come with the exploration of one's identity and emotions during adolescence. Visually, this series is a treat, with a soft color palette and subtle animations that perfectly complement the emotional atmosphere. The overall aesthetic enhances the viewer's connection to the characters and their evolving relationship.. The positive reception when this anime was live is well-deserved. It resonates for its sincere approach to the yuri romance genre, offering a refreshing and heartfelt ...
The futuristic setting and cool mecha suits promise excitement, but the execution falls short :/. The narrative or the whole story in general is a total meh. The only strong things that i can admit on this anime is the sound effects and the characters. Its cool and varied cast. Each character's got their own style and personality, which makes the anime interesting. Side characters like Haruka get some good development, but the main characters are kinda left hanging by the end.. The mecha action, which should be the highlight, often feels lackluster. The Willwears, despite their fancy designs, don't bring the level of excitement you'd expect ...
Its fresh blend of action and slice-of-life makes this anime stand out. The plot, featuring high school girls becoming local "heroines", provides entertaining moments. The vibrant action sequences and lively character designs contribute to the series' energetic appeal, but nothing special. Exploring the characters' daily lives adds an extra layer of connection. However, the series could benefit from more development, some characters left you with questions too. While the live performances shine, the central plot can feel somewhat predictable to me. Some secondary characters might have been given more attention to enhance the overall narrative. Despite this, it offers an enjoyable experience, particularly for those ...
I have noticed that the reviews most people have left regarding Season 2 of Jujutsu Kaisen have no middle ground. Those who praise it act as if it was the second coming of Jesus Christ, while those on the opposite spectrum act as if it was the worst thing to come into existence. Some of them seem to be quite outdated as well, most of them having left the review during the first five episodes of this season of JJK, called the "Hidden Inventory" arc. I don't usually leave reviews for animes (I did before but it became tiring when my mindset of leaving a ...
This anime was such a disappointment. . When I was younger i loved this anime so much I decided to rewatch it. So essentially I was left with very mixed feelings.. It starts off amazing, the characters are all super original and interesting and you just can't wait to see more of them, aswell as the story is super intriguing along with good pacing. It is one of those animes where you just want to watch another episode because it really is that good. and if it stayed this way this could easily be one of my favorite animes ever, aswell as it also has the nostalgia ...
After three days diligently hiding from my roommate that I was watching this crap, I bring a review.. . I’m Strong Even though I’m Level 1 (don’t remember the actual title) is the archetypical bad isekai. Every quality you’d expect is on display here. Terrible art and animation, one dimensional characters, a complete lack of meaningful conflict. Everything, all executed in such a bland, uncreative way I’m almost impressed with it.. . It‘s lighter on insane moments than similar works, but still has a few bangers. Like when the MC breaks a strike by knocking out all of the workers with magic bullets (the adventurers guild would otherwise have ...
Watching this filled me with an overwhelming sense of, "But why?" First off, there is something about our main female character, Liliana, being "Magi" in the description. Magi? What's a Magi? They never explain what the hell a Magi is. What really happens is that some random shota boy looks at some leaves funny and decides to follow it. But why? Then shota boy scares away some dogs and finds a random naked lady in the middle of an alley. But why? Shota boy decides to take her in and gets her some clothes. Fair enough. Then they start going out and get close enough ...
I certainly gave this series a lot of leeway because I've heard good things about it and like the art, but I simply cannot rate it higher than "fine" or "good." Emphasis on the period. I'm not one to go on about issues that have already been ranted on relentlessly by people far more passionate than myself, so I'll sum up my two main problems with this anime:. . 1. The humor is terrible. I get a few chuckles every now and then, but all of the jokes are either cringey or literally make me say "that's just stupid.". 2. The only interesting and likable characters are Komi ...
The story itself have some potential to be enjoyable, nothing groundbreaking but surely something to watch if you want some average romcom.. The main premise revolves in the fact that although Runa has been in multiples relationships before, she had never loved anyone and was there just to have a "physical relation", basically she had sex for some months and nothing else, so she has never experienced a real relationship, in contrast Ryuto has never had a girlfriend so he try his best to express his love and try to be a boyfriend and not a jerk.. Despite the lore the characters itself ...
Chinese animation can be strange, or maybe the right word is unnatural, in intervals. Regardless of the specific interpretations, their attention to movement is rough, so much so that otherwise passable production qualities pale in comparison. It's not a matter of resembling realism, but the frame-by-frame continuity needs a purpose, something that's missing in Zuori Qing Kong. The motion of a character's upper body alongside their expressions is imperative in relaxed atmospheres, and hyperactive blinking on lifeless faces doesn't quite sell the scenario. Despite these jarring displays, the film has an aesthetic, a sense of visual direction hoisting up the weaker components. It's usually confined ...
Sexually-charged supernatural erotica, less horror than it is an exploitation of the female body for no apparent reason besides lust. Rather inconsistent in that regard, more explicit in nonconsensual scenes compared to the rest. It makes the claim of visual metaphors in association with spiritual drivel supposedly forming a bond representing peace between two races. Taki and Makie are part of a secret service protecting an emissary needed to finalize a centennial non-aggression treaty, disguising other elaborate conspiracies of unknown nature. Such events pave the way for sadomasochistic escapades of gratuitous gore and sex, usually with demonic women. At one point, it's unashamedly tentacle pornography, ...
Season three understandably struggles to match the previous seasons in scale, partly because we're well past the stage of incrementally stronger antagonists, but also due to ONE reorganizing the format of Mob Psycho's climactic payout. Structurally, similar to what we're accustomed to, these final few arcs are self-contained, although, unlike the prior instances of somewhat cohesive dramatic writing, this conclusion is a scattered attempt at characterization, employing certain events that should have taken place somewhere in the middle area of the story or never. The series is harmed by the length of the final season, and a full slice-of-life exercise in emotion pales in comparison ...
A sometimes tedious exercise in slow drama, Shinkai's only defense is him still exploring the themes of alienation and separation in the early stages of his career. Kumo no Mukou, Yakusoku no Basho happened to be his first feature-length production, and likely the substantial foundation for a lot of the romantic metaphors he currently gravitates toward. The film is simple, everything about it is relatively muted, and content in lingering around alternate-history war politics and monologue-driven intimacy with a yearning for a hopeful future. Shinkai's writing isn't as technically sound as some of his later features, and that's apparent in the deliberate assortment of character ...
Shinkai's concept doesn't exactly do any favors for Everything Flows, a mini-series chronicling a young girl, her cat, and their quiet lifestyle. The downside to slice-of-life shorts is the base material often being too insignificant to confidently strike a sense of feel-good familiarity or leave a memorable impression. This is no exception, even if the broad scope of the interactions is perfectly inoffensive. Miyu struggles to establish her resolve for independence, feeling alienated from obligations and personal desires. Her cat (Daru) narrates as much as he can see without actually understanding, and the parallels between both perspectives sum up the entire premise. It's frankly a ...
Progressively, the series has struggled with maintaining certain elements of its original novelty act, and the need for change or evolution is unavoidable, but the story is also obligated to excite in other ways either to compensate or justify itself. The humor has undergone a radical redirection in approach over time, which frankly falls extremely flat in this film during major confrontational moments. In particular, Kaguya's internal monologues are simply idiotic, and the necessary discourse should have been framed alternatively, perhaps even separated from silly comedic caricatures. The genuine substance behind all the shenanigans, however, harbors long-awaited satisfaction, especially in witnessing the reversal in dynamics ...
Yoshitoshi Abe's cryptic world of fallen angels makes a strong case for flexible Christianity or rather uses the references (seven deadly sins) to establish a mindset and possible counterarguments. It's impossible to overlook the religious similarities, although it wouldn't be far-fetched to argue that wings and halos are merely popular designs, more so than biblical analogies, especially given the non-religious disposition rampant in its finale. The town of Glie is home to reborn individuals, hatching out of cocoons with nothing but a faint memory of a unique dream that would soon become the inspiration for their new name. They are confined to massive walls and ...
In a backwater seaside town where everyone knows everyone, there lives Lady Nikuko and her daughter (Kikuko), who looks nothing like her mother. Gyokou no Nikuko-chan takes clear inspiration from the Western premises of an impulsive middle-aged woman being swayed by romantic attention, yet her carefree and kind demeanor makes all the difference, particularly for Kikuko. It plays out like an ecological fable; the relationships of people versus open-minded acceptance. Nikuko is a large woman with imperfections that stick out like a sore thumb, but her eccentric nature doesn't detract from the positive mother-daughter relationship on display. The film is inherently lighthearted, loosely escalating to ...
Appare-Ranman! is an anime about a Japanese inventor and a Japanese warrior who accidentally wind up in America and have to enter a car race to earn enough money to travel home. The story is 100% self-contained so the only season ends the show just fine. There are a lot of fun details in the anime. For example, there is a character named TJ who is carrying around a phonograph instead of a boom box because this is a period piece that is set in the 1920s. My favorite parts of the anime was when there was a situation that could be solved by doing ...
I feel like if I was twelve or thirteen I would have loved this series. It has a few...sus themes, but generally follows the puppy love of a yakuza granddaughter. Alone, I feel like the story has some development, and the characters are... reasonably interesting. But compared to the manga, a lot of the "smooth" dokidoki lines come across unnatural and overall just do not do the manga version justice; I genuinely don't think this is a series that translates well to anime form---especially in Western culture. As you may have heard the grooming vibes and creep vibes are a bit strong; I can ignore ...
This show has a huge identity crisis and it suffers greatly because of it.. . Overtake marketed itself as a racing series about Japanese F4. However, it’s not really about that at all (which is probably the reason that no one in any f1/feeder series/racing forum I frequent has mentioned this show since the first episode dropped). It tries to be 2 (sometimes even 3) different shows at once, awkwardly juggling some decently ok drama plot with a plot about a young racer trying to succeed with an underfunded team and a few segments with the two MCs just doing stuff together, none of them really getting ...
This review is for the series as a whole.. . If you're like me, the kind of watcher who's into "intelligent" romances (my usage of "intelligent" is no more than an aesthetic description here, btw), there will be material here for you that you will love. I love those parts myself. However, if you're not into 20-minute long recitals of worldbuilding explanations that frequently put the entire world at stake, it will be a little rough for you to get through it.. . I've always felt that after a certain point, the higher the stakes of a story, the harder it is to relate to and really ...
Here is one of the animes that have paved the way for many shounens we know.. This anime is one of the most entertaining i ever watched. the adventure of our MC, the fun cast, the comedy made me laugh so many times and some really good themes. There were some good fights with actual creativity involved in, and the fighting techniques are way cooler than your sequel. But i would say it kind of falls off later on, the main cast was forgotten, some arcs were sort of repetitive, and most of the villains were not it. Plus there were some unnecessary arcs and there ...
The MC is the most annoying part about this anime. He has the potential to accomplish so much in the new world he's in, but he ultimately always makes things worse and Alice has to step in to save him. On top of that, he's just a straight up creep with no restraints, and it creates some cringy fanservice scenes and lewd jokes that essentially makes up the anime. Remove those, and half the show's gone.. . The other character's aren't much better (the exception of Alice) and no one really uses their brain, but it wasn't too bad to follow along with what they're trying ...
Demon City Shinjuku was in that era of anime where dubbed ruled, profanity was everywhere, and anime was making its appearance.. . I loved drawing style of Yoshitaki Amano. He was the character designer for Vampire Hunter D (1985) and Hellsing (2001). Both series which favor this dark and gritty design with cyberpunk aesthetics which are also similar to Akira.. . The dubbed version of this was horrible. If you watch to closely you'll notice that there were multiple scenes where Chibi will be speaking but there will not be a English dub to voice his words. The waitress that appears at around the 5 minute mark sounded like ...
If someone is bored with Kevin for Christmas, I recommend Tokyo Godfathers.. . During Christmas, three homeless people in Tokyo discover a baby in a garbage can. The friends decide to find the child's parents.. . -Great animation full of details.. -Cool characters, the main trio has great dynamics.. -A lot of funny and touching moments.. . I'm just warning you that there are a lot of unrealistic coincidences that push the action forward, the finale especially requires a lot of suspension of disbelief, this is supposedly explained by the fact that Kyoko brings happiness and simply the magic of Christmas xD It doesn't bother me because the atmosphere ...
It stands out for its political intrigue and world-building. Instead of focusing on action, it delves into the intricacies of governance, diplomacy, and the relationships between the thirteen districts. The slow burn and mystery aspects contribute to its uniqueness. This is that type of anime you should watch with a minimum of attention, pretty interesting. The character designs are distinctive, reflecting the mature and grounded tone of the series. The art style complements the narrative, with attention to detail in both characters and the various settings within the kingdom. The series is a political drama that explores themes of power, governance, and the consequences of ...
I loved the story, its unique blend of genres, including comedy, fantasy, and drama. What sets it apart is its exploration of multiple parallel worlds, each parodying different anime genres (the alternate worlds Arumi and Sasshi visit are caricatures of different anime tropes) and pop culture references, providing both comedy and commentary on the medium itself :D. The series combines humor with deeper emotional moments as the protagonists confront personal issues.. My favorite part of this series is the art. The animation features a vibrant and expressive art style. The character designs are well-suited to the comedic and fantastical elements of the series. As the ...
This is such a classic XD it's known for its over-the-top characters and humorous take on the criminal lifestyle. Basically a parody of crime dramas. The series is characterized by its comedic tone and exaggerated character designs, typical of Go Nagai's work :D. The humor often stems from the absurd situations that the family finds themselves in and their interactions with other eccentric characters. If we compare this to other stories of this genre it is pretty niche, but totally worth if you watch it with the expectations of watching a good parody :). This unknown series has left a mark on the anime landscape without ...
This is the 3rd or 4th time this season that a shows episode has been so bad it makes me wanna scream.. Fate’s complete breakdown over the news from Lust was a complete joke. We’re talking about your typical male MC here which means he’ll stop the rotation of his planet before he’ll stand near, touch, speak to, or have any type of relationship with the opposite sex. So his complete breakdown and outburst once finding out the plan just seemed ridiculous. Honestly the whole thing just made me mad… the magic system in this anime along with the action has made it enjoyable for ...
As a cultivation junkie I recommend this. Sure it's not like it's peak but what are you expecting from the cultivation genre if you know it. It is known for it's awful subtitles, arrogant young masters and loads of begging to be spared right after trying to kill the person you are begging to. Still although it gets repetitive this one skips all the needless bullshit and mc just solves everything rather quickly. Do NOT watch this is you aren't used to donghua (chinese anime) or it'll be very hard to adapt to. If you are looking for a donghua to start with I recommend ...
Honestly not sure how well this holds up, compared to the first season of goblin slayer which was really gory and had dark themes season 2 is a lot more tame, the animation is honestly not great and there a very little fight scenes/ or too brief. I was excited to watch season 2 because i wanted to watch one thing goblin slayer slaying goblins, instead most of the fight scenes are either quick cuts of goblins dying or really bad or uncreative fights. Honestly season 2 feels more in line with a shonen/slice of life with too much dialog.
I had heard about this movie a long while back and decided to spend one of my evenings giving this a watch, given the premises and the praise I've seen about the BL relationship. After trudging through this 1 hour movie I would say... I'm glad I gave it a watch, but what on earth did I just watch?. . This movie is super rushed from the get go. The relationships, the conflicts, the story... everything! There's hardly any build up, no showing of time spent together or truly loving one another. Most of the movie is spent with the two guys arguing and misunderstanding each other ...
"Just who the hell is Tada Banri anyways?". . While Golden Time unfortunately doesn't answer that question adequately to justify the undue attention paid to this character, the core of that message winds up tying an uneven but charming romance story together.. . The major pitch of Golden Time by Western anime fans is that it's set in college, not high school. This substantially changes very little. There's very little truck given to college life; it largely revolves around after school clubs and extracurricular activities. I've seen high school shows where people have to get part-time jobs (Maid-sama, for example) and others where drinking is involved at some level. ...
This whole season feels like set-up for the other seasons, up until the last minutes of the final transformation from Kankei. It has good visuals and starts with good character building. Storyline gets a little messy, and uninteresting but it sets up well for upcoming seasons. The OP will always be iconic, and well performed. I'm unsure of how the other seasons par up to this one, but like I said it does just feel like a introduction to the universe, even though it runs for 12 full-length episodes. Doesn't give viewers anything to hold onto. It feels incomplete but also doesn't compel me to ...
This anime is unorganized and i would only recommend it to people who like the theme and enjoy spending time watching anime. Don't expect too much from this. . Positive remarks:. The intensity of battles can be overwhelming and make you absorbed. The characters are unique and can give you a new experience. The story itself is unique and the main character is not really giving the vibe of a main character which I find an interesting point. . Negative remarks:. The comedy parts aren't fun. There are some arcs that are totally unfit to the show. Such as a drink party in the inn. So far I haven't seen any character development in season ...
I have to mention that this anime has had a different score before, it was a 4. But I changed it a few months ago because I think I scored it too harshly.. . But even so, 6 is well deserved, it wasn`t a great anime and it wasn`t a bad anime either. But it was at the limit of becoming the worst.. . Don`t get me wrong, the story was interesting and the whole plot was a good idea, but it seems like it was wrongly executed. There were a lot of twists and turns and it seems that until the end, nothing is clear and nothing they ...
I give it 6 for being pretty grounded in reality in terms of events, science and almost everything, but the plot felt somehow lacking.. . It could easily have been laid out in about 6-7 episodes instead and it wouldn't have been any worse.. . The characters are interesting and relatable, it was interesting when one detective sent the other to buy him hard to find cigarettes so as to protect him from learning dangerous information, it was a cool little detail.. . Overall, the plot in general is a bit far-fetched, but for animes where even more outrageous things have happened, it's not that far-fetched, just looking at from the ...
There seems to be a lot of hype about this show and I'll cut to the chase, for me, it is t justified. Its about as average as you can get to be completely honest. Don't get me wrong, it's not awful by any means, it just doesn't stray to far about middle of the road.. . Music wise, its standard stuff. When there is action, there is some faster paced electronic, when the story takes a sombre turn, it's strings. None of it blows you away. I have finally just finished watching Shippuden, watching Akame ga Kill! straight after didn't do this shows music any favours ...
Longing for a pure yet simple anime was an idea with which i came to watch Engaged to the Unidentified.. . Visual - Great looking,. Music - two bangers - opening and ending + additional music used in show,. Deatils - great to the level of creepy sometimes,. Comedy - gag situations amazing most of the times.. . However hold your horses with giving it a straigt 8. Problem with this show for me comes in a way of story and two main characters.. . Story is candy-like, everything good kinda happens but at the end of the day everyone either forgets about the problems or not talk about them at ...
#2. . A Certain Magical Index Season 1 started off strong with cool concepts and awesome themes like magicians and vampirism, but quickly fell off after its first half. The show has better characters than it does a plot, which does lead to some emotion here and there, but eventually gets stale after not having a good enough story to follow. It's pretty humorous at some parts, and that's a few positives for the anime I could give it. The animation was pretty good, and especially for the fight scenes, they were quiet enjoyable. But, as I mentioned, the show goes off the rails in its second ...
The series is an exercise in taking the played out isekai theme, add harem, a saccharine story, and dumbing everything down to an absurd degree. It's a brain dead happy collection of anime tropes a mile long. Is it bad, no far worse trash has aired. Is it good, not particularly but it's a fun, sweet, mellow watch that won't leave you mentally fatigued or overly invested. The world remains a mystery with next to no information revealed and most characters have development that ends at skin level. I wish this had more exploration of the world and concepts as it was interesting.
This movie combines multiple different Go Nagai series, specifically Mazinger Z and Devilman. The plot is pretty straightforward; the Devilman demons are treated like kaiju, and the movie features a typical "bad guys teaming up" storyline. I found that I was able to enjoy the movie without any prior context, as there was not much character or relationship development, and not much happened in terms of character or story progression. The animation quality varies throughout the film, but the character designs are excellent for its time. It's always a pleasure to see Go Nagai's design work animated, even if it's toned down for a younger ...
tl;dr: An anime about pursuing dreams that’s somewhat messy but still hits some really strong emotional highs.. . This anime is themed around fashion and modelling, but that’s really just the backdrop. Before I started this anime I knew essentially nothing about fashion and modelling, and to be honest after watching it I would still say that I know nothing about fashion and modelling. However, despite that, it was still really easy to appreciate the character stories of people trying to pursue their dreams as they’re pretty well written and have a unique feel to them.. . Though it may not seem like it at first, the protagonist of ...
I recently watched this movie on a flight as it was the only animated Japanese movie, without an anime origin. I watched the film without any knowledge of the original light novel, not having watched a single trailer nor even reading the synopsis. My conclusion? It's a good movie to pass the time with, but not anything entertaining nor exciting.. . The highlight of the movie was definitely the visuals. I found myself drawn in to the amazing look of the tunnel, with its various colours and the way it looked as the characters ran over the water. Even outside of the tunnel, everything looked crisp as ...
Wow, what a bizarre show. There is a pretty decent story in this show but unfortunately the show was also tasked with trying to sell you a card game and you are forced to watch it. I can't honestly say that this anime is objectively good but it still surprised me. Most people will drop this show while watching it but I'm glad I at least watched it to the end for the good parts.. . Another thing about this show I can say for certain, at the end of this show you will either feel like your time was completely wasted or like feel like the ...
I have mixed feelings about this anime.. . I was really lookin forward to see this show because it is a kind of genre i do enjoy but as I keep watching this anime became more and more boring. I do not know how to say it in other words but "Shy" is not captivating enough. I do not look forward to watch new episodes.. . The anime itself is not bad. I would say the show is pretty much fine but not really enjoyable in the way you can not wait for new episodes to release.. . The characters are pretty likeable though and nice written. They have an intresting ...
The Devil is a Small Child.. . With a name and promotion poster so *sigh* light novel you can practically hear the author masturbating with one hand whilst he writes out his insert protagonist power-fantasy story with the other, The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy can be easily written off as another trashy light novel series about a reincarnated Demon Lord living in the future with his light novel waifu’s who all want his train to enter their tunnels. And it is that just to be clear, but it’s got some good points.. . As I said the plot revolves around an old former hero turned skeletal ...
Was a show I put on in the morning while I was getting ready, so I didn't put my full attention into watching it, but I was able to get the main premise of the show and the characters, etc. Like, was not bad in the slightest, but it was nothing something that I first put on and was like, "omg, I'm going to like this show" which is somewhat disappointing because I had this in my 'plan to watch' section for about three years, and I was waiting for the perfect time to begin it. It is a very typical vampire anime, with very ...
While some might enjoy the anime, some common criticisms include the pacing of certain arcs, character development, and perceived lack of originality in its narrative. It's essential to recognize that different viewers appreciate anime for various reasons, and what one person dislikes, another may enjoy.. . Critics of Demon Slayer's story might point to what they consider a somewhat formulaic plot structure or a straightforward narrative. Some argue that certain story elements, such as the protagonist Tanjiro's quest for revenge and the progression of battles against demons, may lack the complexity or unpredictability found in other anime series. Additionally, there could be a perception that the overarching ...
The Devil Lady managed to capture my interest. The show is just as serious and action-packed as others within its genre, with a gothic opening sequence and gruesome monsters-of-the-day. Yet, it still takes time to be reflective and introspective, allowing characters and plots to shine through.. . The main character, Jun, questions her own existence as Devilman Lady and attempts to continue her normal life despite her superhuman abilities. The tie-in between the monsters and Jun's personal life adds depth to the plot. There are moments where the show becomes cheesy, such as the unrealistic giant battles and the over-emphasis on the monster-as-physical-manifestation-of-sin angle. Yet, the ...
I like the animation. It's a simple art style that allows for a lot of easy and expressive movement, particularly in the last episode. Fight scenes are full of blood and viscera, often coming in literal fountains, and I love it for that. It's not always perfect, since scenes that are still don't benefit from that expressiveness and everything is so damn dark at times that it's hard to make anything out, but for the most part, the animation is a big win.. . As for the sex and nudity, I thought it was gratuitous. There's a sense throughout, and this is true of the violence (at ...
Having no prior knowledge about this aside from the fact that it is a super hyped up anime with an amazing opening I had no idea what I was getting into and honestly I can see why people love this yet at the same time I don’t think it is worth as much hype.. . As someone who usually finds animes to watch from Youtube or other media it is usually hard to get a non-biased recommendation so I went into this thinking it was going to be the best anime I ever saw. So I was obviously a little disappointed when it didn’t reach that expectation.. . I ...
The show is kinda fun to watch but it's so confusing at some points that it can ruin the experience for some people, imagine a No Game No Life but generic and with less soul.. . The premise is nothing new and the way they handle it makes it worse, every episode is packed with a lot of expository dialogues, specially when they have to explain their dump plans to beat the dumb games.. . The characters have the same depth as a McChicken, and zero development at all, at least the character design is great.. . The explanation for most games is done so quickly that you ...
I kinda like this one. But then again, I kinda like these trashy harem isekais in general. There has recently been some great isekais with kid protagonists. Having the MC being a kid can make trivial tasks surprisingly hard, and even an op isekai protagonist has a hard time earning respect when he looks like a 12 yo. kid.. This series was a decent watch for me, but if you don't like the tags, watching only the first 3 eps, or skipping it entirely, is understandable.. . MC - 7/10 (Great for a harem isekai MC). We have, for once, been favored by anime gods. We have been blessed ...
The fantasy adventure parts were enjoyable but the road trip and the quiet parts were a chore to get through. I was seriously bored at times (pretty much the whole middle part). I wish they focused more on the adventure and fantasy elements. So many unnecessary characters too, they just stall the adventure. Although, because of all that fooling around Suzume really feels like a fleshed out character. Beautiful score and even more beautiful animation. The cat was cool. The chair was unnecessary but memorable. Way too long. The sheer thought of the real life catastrophe had me shed a tear but it was completely ...
I might be in the minority here but I'll just come out and say it. This is the most OVERATED show currently airing.. The basic premise of the show is that the main character, a poor girl living in the red light district, is kidnapped and forced to work as a low-level servant at the emperor's palace. while there she manages to establish herself as a well informed apothecarist. The show establishes that she obtained this knowledge through her interest in experimenting with various poisons and her relationship with some of the courtesans who had knowledge on certain poisons. I really enjoyed the first few ...
So, I took several days to cool down and now I'm ready to talk about Pluto calmly. I'll preface it with my thoughts on Urasawa. I've read 20th and 21st Century Boys and watched Monster. I had problems with all of it. Generally speaking, I don't like how unfocused his story can get, how some characters get enough development to become proper characters but not enough to do anything worthwhile with them. Most of his stories could be significantly trimmed down to focus on what matters. The degrees to which these problems manifest themselves in his works vary a lot as well. There is also ...
As someone who loathes hyper-competitiveness, I can't really bring myself to enjoy this anime. I honestly did want to like Uma Musume, but I just can't do it. The artstyle, the animation, the music, the voice acting, the character designs, they all range from good to great, and some parts in the anime remain enjoyable enough to watch despite everything else.. . However, when the entire premise of the anime (and almost everything around it) revolves around competition and the need to win and not much else, I just lose interest in it. For the most part, it doesn't even seem like there's much reason behind their ...
It seems like the director thought let's combine Fire Force plot with Gurren Lagann character design and visuals and create an anime movie. Nothing seemed original in the story. But the art style was amazing with the music and osts during the fights keeping up the pace,I would recommend this movie to anyone who just want to have some fun, but other than that it isn't much. 6.5/10 for me with the animation style and music carrying the movie heavily, it could have been better if there was any sort of originality, the plot and the world as I earlier said was completely copy paste ...
Goblin Slayer is an anime which shows life in a very colourful, yet a very dark world. It sets up a really grim setting early on in the first episode, with a rather macabre scene. By the initial looks of it, it feels like it is just another random revenge porn-esque or harem anime, whose main character is a blockhead, but as we continue through the different episodes, we get to know the main character and the others further.. The MC has proper goal, that is, to slay goblins, and a proper motive behind that. It does not feel forced in any shape or form, and ...
The story was kind of boring, but at least the show did not lack sexual scenes. I enjoyed it mostly for that. I think the author had a thing for nuns. Mixing religious themes with countless suggestive scenes and Edward's inappropriate behavior, which was borderline molestation, was amusing to watch. I also liked the themes of angels and demons.. . In terms of the story and excitement, it is clear that this anime is dated. Like many anime from the early 2000s, it is largely unremarkable and doesn't leave you with a burning desire to watch the next episode right away. While it may not have many ...
I'm an anime-only viewer, and I've read that the show omitted crucial essential parts and included material not originally from the manga. Nonetheless, I still found the show entertaining, mostly thanks to the amount of fanservice and the sweet and funny moments.. . Chii possesses all the qualities that a man could desire - she is submissive, fiercely loyal, and maintains a youthful appearance. She also looks stunning when wearing a towel. She surprised me with the extent of her development. Initially, she only displays endearing behavior, such as imitating Hideki and acting naively at inappropriate times, which elicits sentimental reactions. However, her own will and personality ...
I'm surprised to be getting a S3 after the mess of S2. So let me answer the question, "Is it any better than S2?" I'd say it's better for sure, but on the level of it's alright. The animation is great especially in the opening like boy did they budget the anime for that quality. Though that's about the best of it. As I am 8 episodes in it feels like they're just introducing a crap ton of new characters, and they get a small back story, but quickly becomes background characters.. . As for story I think the main thing I am getting out of ...
For an anime so highly rated, Kimetsu no Yaiba was slightly disappointing. It leans way too heavily into shounen tropes. The protagonist is very one dimensional and the story gets repetitive after a few episodes. At some point it became annoying to hear Tanjirou shout "Nezuko!" every five seconds. Zenitsu is also an annoying character most of the time. It's teenager humour.. . The strongest point of the anime is the animation style. There are some good fights throughout the season as well.. . Kimetsu no Yaiba is a good entry anime for teenagers, but for older viewers it's probably not as good.
For starters, this is NOT a sports anime. This is an abused - kid anime masquerading as a sports anime. I'm not sure why the sports aspect is even in it unless its creator threw that in in hopes of getting more viewers due to how popular sports animes are, because the sports aspect is cursory at best. They cover forehand and backhand strokes and follow - through and ... that's pretty much it?? And though a couple of the characters make the expected declaration about how they love "soft tennis" (regular tennis except played with a soft, squishy ball) more than anything, the amount ...
Unique and Modern Isekai-Type Story. . Seiken Gakuin no Makentsukai offers a fresh take on the isekai genre by blending traditional elements with a modern setting and a more nuanced protagonist. The story follows Leonis, a powerful demon lord from another world who is reincarnated into the body of a young boy in a world where magic and technology coexist.. . Great Designs, Visuals, and Productions. . The anime boasts impressive animation and character designs, capturing the vibrant world of Excalibur Academy and the diverse personalities of its inhabitants. The action sequences are well-choreographed and visually appealing, while the backgrounds and environments are rich in detail.. . Harem with a Twist. . The anime embraces ...
I think the funniest part of this whole thing was that its literally the cut scenes of Resident Evil 4 With Some Ceiling Camera Pov shots I thought it was funny as hell that this is even on my anime list I have played this game more than 10 times beat every difficulty and unlocked all the rare stuff so I think its funny just to see it on MyAnmieList.. . Serious Time Now. . The quality is absolutely garbage I can count the pixels on screen, This whole thing is quite literally just the cut scenes of Re4 With bad quality and slight gameplay.. . Would I recommend this too ...
Why the fuck does a school have an impregnation club?. . Who cares. This hentai follows a small high school boy who joins the impregnation club. Turns out, the two hot girls that mess around with him also join to be his partner..... what luck. Basic premise of the story. Though episode one only has him fucking one of the girls, so wait for episode 2 if you want the other girl ig.. . Animation is sub-par to okay. If you have standards when it comes to hentai, this might not be for you. If you're down bad and need some hentai badly, this will work. It's an average ...
It's been a year or so since I tried watching it the first time (can't remember exactly). I forgot where I stopped the last time, so I rewatched it from the start and finishing it whole thing in one sitting. My impression of this adaptation didn't change that much, so everything I may have said somewhere else still stands. This is still not the worst Type-Moon anime that there is, as expected.. . Having this anime be one of the 2 only Type-Moon shows I haven't fully seen until this far had my head full with many parallels to compare it to other Type-Moon adaptations. I have ...
Wasted First Two Episodes. . The anime's opening episodes squander precious time with unnecessary exposition and character introductions that could have been handled more efficiently. The slow start fails to captivate viewers and sets a disappointing tone for the rest of the series.. . Slideshow-like Animation. . The anime's animation quality is subpar, resembling a slideshow of PowerPoint transitions rather than fluid and engaging visuals. The lack of dynamic movement and character expressiveness detracts from the overall viewing experience.. . Color Palette over Visual Depth. . While the anime boasts vibrant colors, it fails to compensate for its lack of visual depth and detail. The backgrounds and environments are often bland and uninspired, lacking the ...
THIS IS NOT A SHOJO CUTIE CUTE ADORABLE ANIME Will probably make you question life you are warned. . Well this anime made my brain melt multiple times, first by the time skips and the other well it's the story in itself but no spoils.. . Son there is a lot of time skips that seems to be nonsensical (but have actual sense but you discover it later ofc) and it can be very confusing.. . A LOT of the stuff you'll see will get explained extreamely late compared to the first apparition.. . Not something to be watched as a light anime to decompress I found it looking for something cute but ...
An acceptable sequel to a brilliant first season, this follow-up sees a decline in some areas yet remains engaging. It's recommended for those new to the manga, non-manga readers, or fans eager to see the story animated. Despite not matching the quality of Season 1 or the manga, it's a worthwhile watch, rating a 6/10.. . . . The season felt like a downgrade from the first. The animation often appeared static and cheap. A favorite manga gag, Eldrich-toro/Noodle-toro, didn't translate well on screen. While some scenes were visually appealing, the pacing and delivery of humor struggled to capture the manga's charm. Anticipating a quality akin to Season 1, ...
Bro, I hate making long reviews.. . Anyway, Belladonna of Sadness is quite a masterpiece when it comes to symbolics and artstyle, but overall - not so much.. Sure it is about a woman who explores depths of her own mind and body, but I wouldn't say it's really that interesting.. . Symbolics such as the devil, the whole belladonna thing and colour symbolics are really good, they actually made me interested in this whole film.. I also can't complain about the animation, it's a anime from 1973, we can't expect Studio Bones like quality. Artstyle - absolutely gorgeous, it truly made the movie stand out from ...
I will try to make a more serious review of this anime. Most of the negative reviews here on MAL or any other page are from people who are angry because the girl is not virgin. So lets try to make it more serious.. . The anime plot is kinda cliche and also their characters. Typical antisocial and friki boy who is in love with the cutest girl in the school.. . But here comes the catch. Altough the main duo have typical cliche personalities they really do have chemistry and we really get to enjoy their interactions. And you can analize this from an emotional/psychological point ...
TLDR: My thoughts... this is an anime for kids to help them get into anime for what it is, which means it makes a killer anime to watch while working if you need background noise.. . Is the story unique? If it was predictable, did you enjoy it anyway because you like this genre/set-up?. The story was fairly predictable if you've watched any kind of kids show. It follows the same anime troupe with a hero and fantasy.. . Do you think the art style is fitting for the story?. Yes, but I can't remember when an anime's art style didn't match for the story it was telling.. . Were the characters ...
I was disappointed with this anime since the concept could've been enjoyable, the characters and supporting cast were good, and most of the episode plots were great. Although the anime wasn't particularly mature, it was still fun and offered a lot of creativity and comedic moments. Both Morisato and Belldandy were enjoyable, but there were other goddesses that some people preferred to Belldandy. Nevertheless, I don't think anyone else could have been the primary love interest.. . My major issue with Ah! My Goddes was that some of the episodes felt like they were struggling to come up with a main plotline. Although I'm a huge fan ...
I found this movie enjoyable. The crossovers were entertaining, but that was the film's only redeeming quality. The plot was weak, and felt like it was thrown together in a hurry. I would only recommend this movie to die-hard YuGiOh fans, as it was sometimes cringeworthy to watch.. . The movie's plot is simple and intriguing. A mysterious character from the future travels back in time to kill Pegasus and erase the Duel Monsters card game from history. To prevent this, our three heroes from different series must team up and save their beloved card game. The biggest issue is the numerous plot holes, especially those related ...
At first it seemed like your general high school drama and I couldn't get past the first episode.. Months later I tried again and things started to get interesting with the characters acting normal with the most weird stuff happening with them, alongside some nonsense explanations and got my hopes up they would explain what was really going on.. . But the problem with this anime it's that it's so... boring. Past episode 8 there's yet again another weird thing with one of the characters and despite getting no actual explanation on what is going on, I started to assume it's some allegory for teenage insecurities, as the ...
She's definitely a good singer but her vocals aren't for this specific song. She tied in her aesthetic well with the music video and the editing was pretty good but the animation was subpar and really wasn't good. The only good thing about it was some of her vocals and the editing but I didn't like the checkered transparent background that's used when there isn't a background on a picture. Some of the scenes in the music video were unnecessary and the music video would be better off without them.. . If the animation was better or if her vocals were a bit better I would give ...
This might just be the most generic Anime I ever watched, and I think that's sort of okay.. . It had no strengths, but also no weaknesses - and how could it? Everything about it was safe, simple, predictable and average. I'm kind of impressed by just how bland this show was, yet I wasn't bored. Now that it's over though, I feel like I skipped 4 hours of my life with no real gain or loss. So uninspired and bland, I guess that's kinda depressing, actually.. I guess I could complain about a few details, but why bother? I don't care enough and honestly cannot imagine ...
If you're someone who has never heard of other BL titles like "Sasayaki to Miyano" and/or "Given" (to name my popular favs), "Hitorijime My Hero" you'll like this. Even if it does nothing new on the troupes that BL has continued to live on, you'll like it. It's a nice story, albeit w lacklusture dialogues and a v forgettable storyline, in-the-moment of binge-ing, it's fine.. . However, if you're someone who has watched BL titles like "Sasayaki to Miyano" and/or "Given" - "Hitorijime My Hero" is definitely an average show that is skippable.. art style - basic. OST - i honetly didn't even care much to pay attention ...
Unbelievably funny.. Wildly entertaining.. . My one problem with this show is that (as of now) two of the sexualized female characters look like straight-up children. That's it. That's a pretty big "it", but that is literally the only thing stopping me from saying this is a 10/10 masterpiece of harem comedy.. . I cannot remember watching any other anime that has made me laugh out loud, multiple times, every single episode, occasionally laughing so hard that I have to wipe the tears away and rewind to see what I missed.. . Dude suffers a plot hook that MAKES him have 100 soul mates, and that's all there is to it. ...
This show is the definition of mid. There are a few things they really did very well but also many things that dont make it that enjoyable to watch. Overall the story is pretty okay, even good I would say, it is not too complexe but it is no way near to nonsense. However when you watch the anime episode after episode it just feels like progressing through the plot/everything is just for the plot, "every idea we have has to help progressing the plot or it gets thrown out and wont make it into the show". Animation and style are good and the animation ...
Character development could use some more work though a lot of them are very likeable in personality. Very similar to Pokemon protagonists and one character is exactly like a professor. As if a replica was thrown in. They didn't have opportunity to really shine and show their unique aspects to personality, they were just there for the action.. The main problem I had is the plot is very shallow. I prefer much more in depth plots.. If you are an animator however I highly recommend giving it a watch for your animation research, a lot of sequence type action events ...
Just a typical suspense of Naoki Urasawa, wrapped with great animation. I could not choose "Not Recommended" only because it is well animated. Especially story of Gesicht was great, but it should be credited to Osamu Tezuka, not Urasawa.. . I was a big fan of Naoki Urasawa since <Master Keaton>, fond of <Yawara> and <Happy>. However, from <Monster> I've been getting tired of his repeating suspense; "something horrible is coming, but don't know what." At least <Monster> was fine due to charismatic villain Johan, but <20th Century Boys> did the same thing again with charmless villain surrounded by fools, and I don't even remember the story ...
I watched the series without much high expectations. I am not a huge fan of the sport Badminton but I do know the basic amateur knowledge. SO this review POV is from an amateur without much technical knowledge on the sport. If you are the same, then please read ahead.... . . In a nutshell, if you want to learn about the sport and it's technicalities, this is not the right anime for you. However, if you want to pass some leisure time, like sports in general and are a office worker, then I would suggest to try it out for the sake of it.. . Overall, it's a one-time ...
I can say with confidence that this film is good, though not spectacular. The animation is the best in the entire franchise, with smooth execution and beautiful visuals. Fans of the series are aware that the animation has not always been top-notch, but this movie had a larger budget, resulting in slightly oversaturated yet breathtaking animation.. . However, the story could use improvement and is the only aspect I would critique. The plot seemed scattered and confusing, and some scenes appeared unrelated. This may be because of the short run time of the movie, causing important plot elements to be overlooked.. . Nevertheless, the movie is still enjoyable for ...
The School Rumble San Gakki OVA anime is based on the last part of the School Rumble manga. The original series of School Rumble has 26 episodes each season, but this OVA has only two episodes.. . The main criticism is that it's too short, with only two episodes. This isn't enough to properly conclude the story of School Rumble. The choice to shorten the final part of the manga for the OVA was a mistake. The pacing is too quick. If you haven't read the manga, you could be easily confused. The anime offers a brief and rapid summary of what happened after the second ...
If you're planning to watch this Special episode before starting the main Anime, I strongly do not recommend it.. . This episode essentially condenses the first 10 episodes of the Anime, with a few minor spoilers for the following 10 episodes. Being the eager viewer that I am, I thought watching it in "chronological order" would enhance my experience. However, this ended up ruining the surprise and excitement of those initial episodes - it was mostly a boring watch. I already knew what would happen, and it felt like a predictable sequence of events.. . Although the Anime takes a different approach to presenting these events, the outcomes remain ...
The first episode is uninteresting, except for the fanservice. The shorts in this episode are neither connected nor entertaining, as the characters are less fun to watch. Although Yakumo deals with an out-of-body experience, there are only a few interesting moments, and she seems disconnected from everything. The first episode's standout moment is when the class gets new seating, and everyone battles for a spot next to their crush.. . The second episode is funnier and features an entertaining tale about Lala and Ichijou working at Was Hamburger. Imadori tries to tease Lala by asking her to smile, prompting her to repeatedly attack him in front of ...
The series combines elements of romance, comedy, and slice-of-life with a focus. While the premise may have familiar romantic comedy elements (basically cliche tsundere romance), the series stands out due to its engaging characters and the humor.. Certain plot developments (basically all of them) may be predictable for the viewers or at least i find them predictable, but, fans of romance, especially with a school setting, are likely to appreciate the series.. Not a fan of the art style and animation, but it totally matches this anime "vibe".. Even though im not a big fan of this genre in general, i found it pleasing to watch, overall, entertaining ...
I enjoyed it so much, not only because of the characters (mainly because of it), but i have to highlight the character development, it's a strong point of this anime. Each character has their own motivations, fears, and aspirations, contributing to a diverse and well-rounded cast. The series explores the friendships and rivalries among the characters, delving into their personal struggles and growth both in and out of the pool.. However, like any series, those who enjoy character-driven narratives, "sports drama", and themes of friendship and rivalry are more likely to enjoy it.. The animation and art style have a good quality, especially in depicting the fluidity ...
Once again, the content remains consistent with the established themes of the A-Channel series. Viewers familiar with the show will recognize the comedic elements and vibrant atmosphere that characterize it.. The inclusion of additional episodes is a thoughtful gesture, evidently tailored to cater to the fanbase.. While I found the experience enjoyable, my expectations were measured, acknowledging that these supplementary episodes primarily serve as a special offering for enthusiasts rather than introducing substantial developments to the narrative.. If you enjoy a quick serie with a comedic/light theme, this one is perfect for it... I dont think you need to watch the "main" story of this anime to ...
I enjoyed the "light" comedy, even though i don't find it unique.... It follows a more traditional slice-of-life formula, and some plot (to not say all) developments are predictable. However, enjoyment often comes from the charming character interactions, lighthearted humor, and the overall feel-good atmosphere rather than unexpected twists.. The art style is bright, colorful, and generally fitting for its genre. It complements the lighthearted nature of the series :3. While the characters are not exceptionally complex, they are well-rounded in the context of a comedy. Each character has distinct personality traits, quirks, and dynamics that contribute to the overall comedic and "heartwarming" tone of the series.. Enjoyable, ...
I like how the story explores themes of revenge, corruption, and the consequences of a broken society.. As Sawa carries out her assignments, she becomes entangled in a web of deceit and betrayal, uncovering secrets about the people she once trusted.. I enjoy its blend of dark storytelling, action and "mature" themes/scenes :). The plot development might be foreseeable, especially if you are familiar with similar themes. However, you may appreciate the story for its atmosphere, style, and the exploration of morally complex situations.. The characters, including the protagonist Sawa, are not extensively developed in terms of depth. They serve more as conduits for the intense and violent ...
Crippling Disappointment. Story: 6/10 B. Animation/Art: 10/10 A+. Sound: 9/10 A-. Characters: 7/10 B-. Acting(dubbed): 8/10 B. Enjoyment: 7/10 B. Overall: 7/10. . Story:. What happened here? The story in this movie is not good. There are 2 big problems with the story in this movie. One, the pacing is horrid, the entire first half of the movie is unbearably slow and the second half, despite strong improvements, does not do enough to compensate. The second problem is that too much of the movie diverts attention from the main story focus toward side plots revolving around one of Violets' clients and another side plot in modern times. The plots themselves are mostly mediocre. The plot ...
As I have seen from other people reviewing this anime, is based on different video games? I am not sure as I am not that cultured in video games.. . Given the fact that the anime had only 3 episodes, I didn`t really get to appreciate it, sometimes animes that are this short are not well made. Usually, if an anime is short, it should have all the key elements in those few episodes, but I feel like with this, it only brought me confusion.. . Overall, the art style is cute and simple, it reminds me of Sinbad. The characters are simple and I do not remember much.
It is undeniable that Pluto is a well-produced and thought-provoking story with a strong vision. However, the magnitude that the show builds up is not properly fulfilled by a wholly satisfying resolution. The journey was fun to watch and scratches a highbrow itch that people who love Blade Runner will enjoy; I just wish it actually closed the narrative loops more effectively.. . The structure of Pluto will hardly be unfamiliar to fans of the murder mystery, which is what the majority of the runtime is concerned with. I go as far as to call it "Hard Boiler Plate" as the patterns of the episodes become pretty ...
This show has an interesting plot where it is a game of making people your slaves while trying to avoid being made a slave yourself. And capturing a master makes that master's slaves also your slaves. I like how that naturally leads up to a big finale where there are mostly slaves and very few masters. Then the masters duke it out in a final, "who will win it all" battle. Despite that, the tension is rather short lived because the games end extremely quickly and always followed a specific pattern. I won't tell the pattern because I feel like it is more enjoyable before ...
Ok before you guys flame me, I would like to make it clear that I do not hate this series. It's just not my cup of tea. This was basically MMO junkie with the protagonist not being a gaming addict. Also after watching this, you may hope that Chris Hansen begins catching female criminals cuz this protagonist is borderline catching a case.. . Ok the reason I'm giving this a 5 is just the storyline. There are no major character arcs and the character developments seem very rushed, although you can't really expect it from 13 episodes. But the main issue I have is that as a ...
Judging from the point of view of comedy, then Komi-san is a portion of absurd humor, but I think the author himself caught some kind of vibe. Labels, hyperbolization, social and communicative problem, everyday life, comedy. In general, welcome to the "durka" dear viewers. I will say according to the initial opinion formed by my friends, I expected the worst, but as it turned out everything is ambiguous, not so bad, but not good either. In fact, the problem is that the author made it a comedy, but in this way he limited the narrative, making it as subjective as possible, we look more at ...
there is nothing special about this show.. . That plain and simple, everything here is a whole bunch of tropes & cliche's that have been thrown into a blender and pushed onto a new color palette.. . Here is the check list of tropes:. Beach scene? Check. Cafe scene? Check. Schoolhouse Drama? Check. The GF thinks your cheating? Check. Awkward and dense MC? Check. ...
I was recommended this as one of the best Film Noir animes ever made. And I have to agree. The mood in the first season is perfect with this longing of the past long forgotten. Songs, characters, the visual style - it all works.. . And then capow, suddenly a giant mecha appears.. . I get that some people really love mechas but I've never seen the appeal. And in this show especially it feels so out of place. It has the perfect somewhat grounded noir mystery feeling so a giant robots fighting sours that style a lot. And not only does it feature Giant Mechas, it's like ...
The only thing this anime has going for it is the opening music, which is where all 5 of my stars go. I slept through the anime itself cuz it was just so cliche and boring. While the concept is somewhat unique in anime, its basically classroom of the elite but on a $10 budget where the protagonist has wall hacks, aim bot and 900 layers of plot armour.. and a harem.. . I suppose just to add some extra words and in hopes of not spoiling it, I would like to add that the animation itself is not crazy, if anything its a bit poor imo. ...
This was a random anime I found when I was sick and just wanted to watch something dumb. And yeah, this was certainly one of the dumbest shows I watched. You know that really fucking dumb trope where the guy and girl fall and they somehow end up on top of eachother and he accidentally holds her boob (It’s really entertaining sometimes because the position they fall in make it physically impossible for them to be in that position but I digress)? Yeah so that happens at least 5 times an episode. Maybe not that specific thing over and over again but things like him ...
You know I keep joking with my movie friends about reviewing porn and hentai videos but I never thought I'd actually end up doing it. But I got dared to watch this in its entirety so I did and now I am legitimately going to give my genuine opinion on this hentai show. Fuck my life. First off, the characters are surprisingly likable. They're definitely hory as all hell but their attitude towards sex is less creepy and more nonchalant, which made watching it a lot easier. The world, which according to the show is just made of brothels, made the premise a lot easier ...
This show is a tightrope, right on the edge of being absolute cringe and actually being pretty good. There were times where it seemed like both and times where it was more of one than the other. I can see people leaning both ways but I’m sort of stuck more on the cringe side on this one. I do appreciate this show having a focused narrative though, rather than just random bullshit shenanigans, so I do commemorate it for that. That’s not really a praise of the show but more of a problem with anime as a whole that this one doesn’t fall into. I’m ...
I don’t remember why I dislike the show I just do. I wrote a really good review as to why but can’t remember my points. I don’t want to rewatch the show to find out either. I mean I remember what happens in the show and yeah, most of it was edgy, but I just can’t remember all the excellent points I made. I just know it’s mediocre at best so you’re going to have to trust me on this one. Bols is good though. I like Bols. Also the boobs makes all of the girls look fucking stupid. I’m just saying. Like not a ...
The absolute classic shoujo anime. This show is as shoujo as it gets. Quiet shy misunderstood girl becomes friends with the popular girls and earns the love of the most popular boy in class. Iconic. The boy is perfect in every way, says the most romantic shit and will fight anyone who says anything bad about you. It is designed to make teenage girls' hearts swoon as they envision a perfect boyfriend and romance. The girl has to overcome her lack of confidence to see the beauty that the boy saw all along. Awwwww. Yeah it’s pretty fucking cringy. The dialogue is cringy, the drama ...
This was a fun and surprisingly wholesome show. It’s just little snippets of this ex-yakuza man’s life as he tries to reform his life by doing menial tasks with maximum effort. He still holds the traditions of his old lifestyle and still has the mentality of a yakuza so it creates some fun circumstances as he does stuff like yoga or vacuuming. If he goes out shopping people are scared of him but he doesn’t notice. Things like that. It’s funny and I especially love it when he talks to other yakuza members and sees how they handle such menial tasks. It’s kind of wholesome ...
Now I love Megumin. She is hysterical and probably my favorite character in Konosuba. But she is not able to carry her own show. This is honestly only a show that can be truly enjoyed if you’ve read ahead in the light novels and get where this is going and all the references that the movie left out. I watched this with my brother and had to explain most of the shit going on. That’s a huge letdown. And while Megumin as a character is great, she only really works with the people she plays off of. She plays well off of Yunyun, but that ...
Reviewed as whole. I truly misjudged what this show was about. And that’s because the first season, and especially the first episode are complete trash. This has one of the worst pilots I’ve ever seen. But you start to pick up what the show has to offer halfway through season 1. Ok let me explain, this show, at surface level, is about this nerdy virgin loser who gets picked on by a promiscuous girl who likes him. Sounds like a fucking cringefest. And the first season is. Every single fucking joke is just this girl doing some innuendo getting the guy uncomfortable and flustered to ...
"An interesting mystery story hindered by an abundance of unnecessary words.. MC could easily not exist if it weren't for the fact that it is HER story being told, yet instead, we see her living it in a completely passive manner. She even reaches the point of allowing more than painful things to happen in order to maintain her position.. On the other hand, the design of male characters is well-crafted, with clearly defined personalities, especially noteworthy is the excellent work done on Ukyo. The story gains increasing interest after a few chapters, and the ending feels satisfying albeit incomplete.. Recommended for passing the time.
For this Isekai the story is rather one note and passable but what has had me stay with the series is the English voice cast, I really enjoy Kelvin's character along with his summons. The amnesia angle is a throwaway element that should have not ben included as it adds nothing to the plot and it feels really incomplete because of its inclusion.. . I roll my eyes at another female character being a slave of the MC, like literally while any isekai hero do a actual heroic deed and kill the slaver, it is such a dumb way to add a new party member to ...
This is probably the most polarizing anime of this season. Arknights: Perish in Frost delivers very powerful messages of unity and peace in a time when our real world really needs it the most. However, this message is muddied within the very bizarre execution of all the narratives. I like character depth in storytelling, but when that screen time is diverted away from the main plotline, especially in this case since there are only 8 episodes for the season, it becomes a problem. This season focuses more on fleshing out the side characters, and typically I wouldn’t have an issue with this, but they have ...
In my opinion, Hell's Wind is the least extreme of the three. Despite still containing unsettling sexual scenes, they are less frequent than the other OVAs. The plot this time is more coherent, featuring Jack as an anti-hero in a post-apocalyptic setting inspired by Mad Max. Though not the main character, Jun is the most compelling figure in the series and appears as a Rambo-like character in a story that mainly revolves around revenge. While Jun initiates the fight against the villains, Jack is the one who ultimately concludes it. As usual, there are rapes, tortures, and bloody dismemberments. It's always fun times when Jack ...
It's not... bad. Because of Shadow Garden and animation. But the MC is the reason I can't watch it anymore. If you're into the "I'm a dork and emo, love me" type, this is your guy. But for humanity's sake... don't torture yourself. I don't know what kind of white powder the author sniffed when he decided on the characteristics of this character, but I'll probably ask to contact the dealer. It is the definition of your ideas that you had at thirteen. A perfect young man in a black hood who lives at night and no one can match him! On the other hand, ...
Okay for a shota-top gangster-bottom isekai hentai this was not actually /that/ bad.. Yes the plot was rushed and cliche, the sex scenes were quite atrocious and painful to watch and the age gap was simply Not Fun for me but at least the animation was good? Animation and voice acting was done well, even the music was okay. There were no big plot holes because, well... there was not much plot?. Also what the hell was up with those sex scenes popping up in the first episode out of nowhere? Does the kid have the magic ability to assblast you in a hallucination when ...
I had a decent time watching the first part of the 3-part series. It's an interesting work by Go Nagai.. . The characters may seem one-dimensional at first, but upon closer inspection, they have depth. Jack is an interesting character portrayed as a powerful force akin to a wild animal or a demon wind that sets events in motion. His true motives are a mystery to others, but he seeks justice for victims, even if it means turning them into predators.. . Violence Jack uses shadow and darkness well. However, since it was made before the widespread use of computers, there are many animation errors. Some of the experimental ...
I think this anime is alright. While there are some parts that are more enjoyable and relatable than others, overall it is not that intriguing. This anime is more akin to portraying the everyday lives of three female high school students having fun together. The art style and animation are fine; each episode consumes only 2 minutes, by the way. This anime may have a different impression on girls because it portrays the life of a girl. And the storyline is not that unique, and this anime gives no shit to character development. If you feel free, you can just try this anime with no ...
If potential viewers are looking for one of those romance animes with a very mediocre plot and a little bit of fanservice, look no further. Girlfriend, girlfriend's MC is the epitome of the underserving bland bitch protagonist that says things passionately every now and then. It's unfortunate to say, but this show doesn't really have that much plot to even spoil. It's about a boy who dates multiple girls at the same time, only in this anime, they know about each other. You could glean that from the synopsis and have the entire plot of the show laid out before you even started watching.. It is ...
For a long time, Arknights has had a cult following; myself included. We praise the game for its worldbuilding, hold its characters near and dear, and cherish the game as a part of our lives. Why is it then that the anime fails to convey this appeal? Why is it that Perish in Frost, which is in many ways an improvement over its predecessor, is still so critically flawed?. . The truth, put simply, is that it's a flawed story mixed with extraneous circumstances.. . Now, I won't talk about gacha syndrome here, nor the limited episode count. These issues should be fairly apparent, and though Yostar has ...
Satsuriku no Tenshi is a strange mix of psychological horror and mystery. It's hard to give it a blanket recommendation, but there's certainly something to interest some folks.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 7/10. -----------------------------------------------. . It's no shounen anime, and the environments don't leave much room for impressive visuals. It is simply solid across the board with nothing to really offend the eyes.. . . Sound / Music / Voice Acting - 8/10. ...
Repetitive. Forced. Full of holes.. The development of the characters was discarded in the face of a lost script, which seems to not know what it is doing. Lost dialogues, many things unexplained or poorly explained. The story starts well, but goes downhill a lot, it seems that the production didn't know how to properly develop the characters, their stories and relationships. Everything was discarded and the ending ignored all the construction done up until then. Disappointed.Technical issues, such as animation, direction or soundtrack, are indifferent, nothing special. In almost every episode they use beautiful landscapes in search of an emotional appeal. The work strives to ...
I like Goblin Slayer, however I will admit it has it's flaws. . first is the unnecessary harem where a majority of the female characters fall in love with Goblin Slayer for seemingly no reason. Only girl I could say has a good reason to be in love with him is his childhood friend. That's more or less a tiny complaint, my main complaint is Goblin Slayer doesn't really feel like it has a story or direction, it feels more like we're watching a group party complete side quests more than anything. Still entertaining, but it's very unlikely there will be any major developments this season.. . As far ...
I am writing just to tell anyone reading this. Just Go read the manga. You won't be disappointed!. All the anticipation we all had for the anime adaptation was flopped. But I am also not undermining it, as because of it's popularity and success only although being a marginalized category (yuri manga) it finally happened to be animated even if it was all just 3 min episodes. TT. I will not recommend the anime, because even if 12 episodes, 12 x 3.5 = 42 mins. How of the actual story do think it covered. It is just the FIRST! arc only, also the fact that the whole ...
I was sucked into this show by it's beautiful animation and wonderful color pallete, but the sickening level of wholesome with no amount of conflict ultimately pushed me away.. . I enjoy the premise of "girl gaslights everyone into thinking she's an alien by being empathetic," but it didn't really do anything interesting with that in the episodes I watched (which is admittedly only the first 6 episodes.). . Great character design too, it's just too bad this turned out to be a show for actual children. Feels like it would fit in with the likes of Sesame Street or whatever happens to be on PBS these days. My ...
Frieren is hard to judge it defies my standard rating scheme which would have it much lower if I were strictly adhering to it, something about this show is special and quality, but its not obvious. The music and art are fantastic which has become standard for highly rated releases now days. I'm sadly becoming convinced that a 9 or 10 rating is just the result of a show looking or sounding pretty to most people, which isn't to say that's all Frieren has going for it, but I think that's almost all that distinguishes it from other "good" but not great shows of the ...
First episode shows some potential, but right after that it's just bad. Nothing makes sense and quite boring. The music is good and the character design looks good so far although character's personality is very common and nothing great. Adonis also makes some very questionable decision and behave like a jerk and an idiot. Acting all arrogant and so aggressive then giving up on revenge so fast. Doroka so far seems a little like though naive stupid annoying girl but will need to watch more to see. Chloe is stupid and arrogant also although she's supposed to be a very strong witch. I'm also sensing ...
Through the power of BS, I win. . No, but really. That's all the show really is, it's all high stakes then poof, I win. The art style is the only really good thing I'll say about the show, the premise is cool, but dawg does it really just pull nothing out of its ass just to take the wind out of the show's sails. It's like a monster of the week with unwinnable odds, but then the monster just evaporates in the last 2 seconds of the fight. Probs why there's never gonna be a season 2. It's formulaic and boring after the first 2 times.
It's some of the most f*cked up trash you'll ever watch while also being one of the greatest animes out there. It's the car crash that bent into a piece of art. While I can't stand multiple aspects of the show, the fact that you'll never be bored while watching and wind up accidentally binging the series speaks testaments to its quality. It's a bloody mess (literally), it's horney in all the wrong ways, and the romance can't decide if it wants to go to Alabama, Utah, or Neverland Ranch. But even after now watching it for a second time since my first viewing over ...
I finally came around to watching what many dubbed "Anime of the Year". I was skeptical then, and by the end of it, this is not AOTY. It is good, enjoyable, with a great prologue episode, which hooked me, but the story is plagued by a 10 episode aftermath of the prologue, which fails to stay focused. I get that this anime is building towards something, but this is why I absolutely hate half seasons, or cours or whatever you want to call it. We have seen what can be done in 10, 12, or 13 episodes with other series that ...
Evangelion 3.0, left me feeling bewildered and dissatisfied as it was difficult to follow the plot, and the characters appeared unrecognizable from their previous depictions. I found myself questioning who these new characters were and what was happening in the story. It was disappointing to see that Shinji's actions from the previous movie were not properly addressed and explained to him. Even though Shinji was rescued from danger, it felt like a pointless effort as he had a high likelihood of acting recklessly and endangering everyone again. Furthermore, it was disheartening to witness the way Shinji was treated, as if he was of no value ...
Best of the three Saga films that we got, but it still definitely misses. The whole trilogy, but especially this film, falls so short because the studios didn't commit as hard as they should've. Some better voice acting, some better music, not relying on 3D rendering to carry you the entire time, and this could've been great.. . For every beautifully, hand-crafted scene that blows you away, there's another ten (barely) okay CGI scenes. I'm usually okay with CGI in anime, and I know most people are usually pretty against it, but if it isn't even done right what's the point? It makes almost every fight scene ...
“In the ninja world, those who don’t follow the rules are trash. But, those who abandon their friends are even worse than trash. ” – Obito. A very good quote, it shows that one should not prioritize 'work, necessities' over the true thing that needs to be protected in your life. Those who do not have loyalty towards friends are just trash.. . After watching Naruto during his 'childhood' and getting used to that episodic style, although there were fillers and filler episodes there too, it didn't even compare to what followed in 'Naruto Shippuden.' It's a good anime, but with too many fillers/filler episodes, and those ...
That was certainly something... I wouldn't suggest this to anyone unless you are specifically looking for more Higurashi/When They Cry content, this is just due to the way that these kind of fan service-y OVA's usually are (this is the 10th anniversary celebration[?]) One episode that is specially hard to get through is the first episode, which harder to stomach compared to literally all of the first and second season, while still being as strange as Rei (this isn't a compliment).. . And similar to my feelings on Rei, you can completely skip this and not miss out on anything, but it still has something for fans ...
Perfect world, Shrouding the heaven, Sacred ruins. Are part of the 3 series total written by the same author. They are related to each other and have correlation to each other. In other words this donghua will contain element from Perfect World and Sacred ruins. It is a long series and is expected to be. If you are impatient with plot or slow development look elsewhere. As a 3 series story it is expected to be very LONG. Certain things can change depends on animation and airing of the studio. Hope for the best that they sticks to the original for the future. Otherwise just ...
This anime is a poor man's version of OreGairu, but it started with such a promising premise.. . The main character, the eponymous dreaming boy who became a realist, decided to stop simping for a girl so nakedly because it was weirding her out and made him out to be a total creep, so he will just simp from a far. This was a great move from him, because it allows him to interact with more people and develop as a more complete person instead of simping the girl for the entirety of high school.. . However, this anime sabotages itself with the generic animation and uninspired ...
I liked it, but if you're looking for an anime that answers at least one of the questions it raises, don't watch it. The story makes you want to discover much more, not only about what happened but also about what is happening and each of the main characters... unfortunately, though, apart from the two protagonists, not much is known. There are interesting plot twists, there are characters we think are bad who turn out to be good, and characters we think are good who turn out to be bad... sometimes without explanation.. For me, it's a yes, but you might be disappointed, at least for ...
After watching Gundress, which is another movie whose script was written by Masamune Shirow the famous creator of Ghost in the shell, I had somewhat a bit higher expectations from this one. And I gotta say that this OVA actually managed to leave me satisfied.. The story is actually fairly good with a plot twist that you may or may not see coming.The characters are charming, Good voice acting and good animation for its time. Its not one of the best things I've seen but it certainly was a good and fun watch. For fans of Masamune shirow I'd recommend this movie. For people who want ...
"Reign of the Seven Spellblades". . But the main cast is six characters.. . This is how I knew what to expect from this story.. . In all seriousness, it was an interesting enough show for about the first four episodes. You had all of the interesting and exciting world building and character/relationship establishments occurring. Lots of seemingly nuanced combat and power systems that would later be explored or explained. And more!. . What caught my attention was how they described their swordplay in tempos since only people who have actually done sword sports will have probably ever heard the terms before. I was waiting for them to start describing the ...
If I got a penny for every time I watched an animated commercial by this company I'd have 3, which isn't a lot but its weird that it happened thrice.. . . This isn't an anime nor a trailer for the actual movie, its a commercial with a story that takes place within the summer ghost universe. The animation is good and the story is alright I guess but I find it a bit ironic that this is advertising for a cram school while the main movie portrays cram schools as a evil that is extinguishing all sense of creativity. 6/10. . TLDR: Watch it if you want to see ...
Spy x Family is one of my favorite series. With that being said, I am disappointed with how rushed the animation has been this past season. The reason anime is fun and exciting to watch because we get to see animation artists show off their talents. Spy x Family's crew wasn't able to show off their skills much this time around because they had very tight deadline for 26 episodes (?). Some audience members don't want high quality anime, and therefore are fine with the season so far, but comparing this season with the previous one, it's very obvious that the crew needed more time ...
I'm just writing this to get it off my chest, chapters 8 & 9 are the most boring thing I've ever seen, especially 9, there was like a minute or so of three guys just describing a tank, and I kinda like the art direction for the chapter, kinda, but I felt like I was watching a visual novel instead of an anime, I don't know if chapter 9 was a choice of style or a choice of budget, but the thing was boring, and on top of that there was hardly any movement to at least keep me entertained, and 8 was just the ...
Pluto is a faithful adaptation of legendary mangeka Naoki Urasawas loose adaptation of legendary mangeka Osamu Tezuka highly acclaimed Greatest Robot on Earth arc from the timeless Astro Boy series.. . Although based on the timeless Astro Boy story Pluto takes a refreshing approach leaning into Urasawas stylings of political/mystery intrigue. Methodical in its reserved approach to revealing its information, detailing every step its cast of characters makes to the stories final conclusion, Studio M2 holds Urasawas vision in reverence, at times dragging a little, holding a scene longer to a point than modern tastes would feel uncomfortable in its pacing.. . Possibly a by-product of each episodes runtime, ...
The show has been struggling to maintain its originality due to inevitable changes. However, it needs to find fresh ways to excite its audience to compensate for what's been lost. The humor has evolved over time, and regrettably, it falls flat during critical moments in the movie. Kaguya's inner thoughts seem out of place and should have been framed differently to match the serious tone of the scene. Nevertheless, the characters' development finally progresses, providing satisfaction to viewers. Their suppressed emotions and dynamic reversal are fascinating to observe, and it's crucial to address their depth since character development has been stagnant until now. Some may ...
A production that smells of politics. Explaining the class struggle so simply can only be done so poorly. The arguments of the parties are quite weak. Mangaka got into a ball that he couldn't get up. There are also bad signs of incest. It does not add any extra features to the series. He could not fully convey his fantasy.. The main character's ego is high enough and he knows what's best. Okay, you're good, but there's no point in intruding so much on the audience.. Of course, it can be watched as a snack anime, but you may find yourself wondering why am I watching ...
This show is fine, just not good enough to make me want to watch anymore of it.. . Plot:. Kaoru is an office worker (surprise, surprise) and one day, out the blue, she just up and dies because the god made an oopsie. The male god of the real world that accidentally killed Kaoru, has her go meet the goddess of the isekai world that she will be reincarnated to, and Kaoru asks for two things from the goddess, to look young, but old enough to be considered an adult, and the ability to make potions that can do whatever she wishes, and the bottles can also ...
Judging exclusively the anime, it's awesome. Animation, visuals, sound, coloring, etc. Everything is awesome. The big shame is that all of this is spent in probably the worst arc I've ever seen in a major shonen. Villains appear out of nowhere with only a brief appearance on screen with their name, absolute zero buildup, stupid powers, most of them get dealt with in literally two minutes, and almost all of them are extremely unlikeable.. The big bads and the badass Zero squad are also dumb as hell. Things happen just because, with no sense to it whatsoever. The structure of how events happen is awful. And ...
Shield Hero is the definition of Mid.. . There isn't anything good about Season 3 compared to previous seasons other than the animation being much better. The story plot this season revolves around the village Naofumi is building and the other heroes (finally). Some backstory on the other heroes is revealed which is probably the most interesting thing that's happened so far. Otherwise, there has been very little action with meaningful impact on the plot. Some new characters introduced...I'm finding it hard to remember if anything memorable has happened.... . Only recommend this to people who already are invested in Shield Hero and just want to see the ...
In the beginning it gives out Battlestar Galactica feelings, humans running away from an unbeatable foe. It is too much magic to be just sci f and to me it is more like fantasy in space. Magic goes anywhere from teleportation, telekinesis, telepathic communication, to a weird Deus Ex Machina, where a "tribe" became literal gods, though they were not. But oh yes, they were. So it's a mixed bag of lore, which feels contradictory, kinda very religious like.. . Battles feel too repetitive, with some literally recycling animations for most of it. But in the end it is well made, though it does drag on. If ...
Not a great anime. Here's why:. 1. Tone is all over the place. It's comedy, then tragedy, then action, then dramatic. It makes each of those scenes less impactful than they should be due to the tone constantly changing so quickly. I would have much preferred a consistent dark tone to the anime.. 2. It's a shounen anime despite the concepts not fitting into a shounen anime. The power system, characters, and world just don't fit in a shounen anime. You have a normal world where people are seemingly born with negator powers that can end the world, but nobody knows about them...except a secret org ...
This is basically Gacha game the anime lol, For those unfamiliar with Gacha games I'll explain a little. They are huge in japan and rely on a slight gambling factor where people play or buy card packs or ingame items for a specific character etc.. Its based on Lotte company's chocolate snacks of the same name, so they have a long history in Japan.. . Story : Run of the mill, Good guys vs bad guys. Easy to grasp. Nothing overly complex lol.(6). . Mechanics : The sticker mechanic to transform is actually kinda cool so props for that.. . Animation : Its honestly barely average or subpar, But surprisingly for this ...
Our Dating Story is a cute though mostly unremarkable dorky guy, popular girl romance. While its overall production is average, it is still occasionally a refreshing take on the high school romance genre.. . To the story’s benefit, Ryuto and Runa start dating in episode one. This development allows the show to explore romantic themes that are interesting, but often unexplored due the genre’s emphasis (and dragging out of) ‘the pursuit’ of the relationship. It may feel refreshing to a romance fan to see this show discuss regret from previous relationships, the social consequences of dating, perceived (and real) social status differences between dating partners, dealing ...
An interesting concept.. What if Lupin III was a moniker and not a person.. What if the Green Jacket Lupin (first jacket in the anime) went against Red Jacket Lupin (original color in the manga).. . The problem with this movie is its trying way too hard to be as confusing as possible.. Not only does it follow different characters that you dont know. But its not in chronological order.. So you have no idea whats going on.. . Its a huge missed opportunity. A waste of a great concept.. . And the movie takes itself too seriously. Might have worked better if it was more cartoony and less dramatic.
I watch bad hentai for fun. I've seen a lot of ways a hentai can fail. So, when I went to MAL's listing and searched for the highest rated hentai, I was looking forward to see what passes for "good" in the medium. Unfortuantely, Long Title Hentai proves to be bad in perhaps the worst possible way a hentai can be bad: being boring.. . The title of this show roughly translates to "(Main Character's) House Becomes a Gal Hangout Spot for Some Reason." In retrospect, it might have been a red flag that a group of people whose job it is to make an animated story ...
Highschool of the Dead should have just been a hentai; it would have been much more enjoyable.. I say this because the show isn't very consistent in its themes as it jumps through many genres that contradict each other within moments of each other. For example, there's a heartfelt moment of witnessing someone's beloved father sacrifice themselves, which is quickly interrupted by a collage of butt & boob shots not related to the moment.. . Characters: 4/10. The characters in Highschool of the Dead are all based on stereotypical tropes such as the "Good Guy" mc, the chubby gamer nerd, the obvious blond, the annoyingly angry tsundere, ...
Honestly pretty mid. The art was good and so was the dubbed voice acting in my opinion. Really fast watch finished it all in one day which I like because I don’t like shoes to have a billion episodes. Pretty rushed story and the first four episodes are extremely mid except the last two which actually have some pretty decent moments in them. Nothing crazy but a fun watch. But I’m not the biggest fan of the nudity ngl which I just don’t really like in any series that I watch. Some moments were fine I guess but a lot was just not needed. But ...
A Mixed Bag of Emotions. . The second season of Re:Zero kara Hajimeru Isekai Seikatsu, also known as Re:Zero - Starting Life in Another World, continues the journey of Subaru Natsuki, an ordinary teenager who finds himself transported to a fantasy world. Armed with the unique ability to rewind time upon death, Subaru faces a series of trials and tribulations as he strives to protect those he cares about.. . Unrealistic and Annoying Characters: A Double-Edged Sword. . One of the most divisive aspects of Re:Zero is its portrayal of characters, particularly Subaru himself. His constant screaming and over-the-top reactions can be grating on the nerves, especially when juxtaposed against the ...
This season carries on from the second with a familiar theme. It's a blend of comedy and character drama, but the tone is somewhat gentler than before.. . The latest installment of Love is War will, at last, reach its climax, and the real name part of the story will be unveiled. This is the significant plot twist that many have eagerly anticipated since the first season. The season concludes with the protagonists' usual running gags, and the humor is more evenly dispersed than before. However, the relationship war in the finale could have been improved.. . The plot finally takes the turn many have been waiting for at ...
I am Sakamoto is a humour-based anime.. . This was an interesting one for sure. For one, when I started the show, I was very very intrigued to say the least due to the fact that usually you would get an MC who is not perfect but would have character development.. . Here, it is the opposite, you get an MC that is perfect from the get-go and you get almost no character development. This is one of the reasons It led to its downfall but I will get into detail on that later on.. . The good:. The Humour. The humour is very subjective, but for the most part I ...
If you found the first season of Love is War to be enjoyable, chances are that you'll also appreciate the second season. In case you're uncertain about it, you could try watching the initial three or four episodes to determine if it's your cup of tea. However, if you're anticipating a resolution to the story, you might end up feeling disappointed.. . The second season showcases even better animation and sound than the first. The characters remain likable, and there are a few new ones as well. Nonetheless, they aren't very complex, and the show's forte is its humor rather than its romance. That said, the romantic ...
This show revolves around a pair of high school students who are in love with each other and enter into a competition to confess their feelings first. The one who confesses their love first will be in a weaker position in the relationship, so they are both trying to avoid being the first to confess.. . The show is composed of several short stories that depict the everyday life of the two main characters. They often resort to absurd measures to get the other person to confess first. The quality of the episodes varies, with some being humorous while others are not. Some are predictable, while ...
I couldn't even finish watching it and had to drop it at episode 4 even tho it was one of my favorite anime.. I don't remember most of the things that happened in first 2 seasons anymore and I barely remember which character is who (I didn't know that black haired girl was his girlfriend) and now it feels so empty watching it. Plot was boring so far, conversations were dry and there weren't anything that would remind me of previous seasons like a little recap or something.. If you want to watch it, at least re-watch first 2 seasons before couse it's ...
Story wise this movie is pretty dumb. The characters, who are detectives and fight evil crime lords, hope to win with the power of friendship and feel betrayed when the villains behave like villains. The voices really got into my nerves, it's just too annoying and high pitched for everyone, the joker was specially annoying with his moaning. To me, it seems like whoever make this really loved batman's concept and watched him as a kid, but didin't revisit his source material as an adult and wrote something that an 8 year old would find badass or whatever. Like, reaally, batman who watched his parents ...
This movie has no payoff whatsoever.. . I was a Detective Conan fan very briefly a long time ago. Lost interest in the anime. So the VS Detective Conan title was never a selling point for me.. . The plot revolves around some super-star. But by the end of the movie you wonder why him and his subplot was even in the movie.. A guy trying to steal a macguffin to save his country. This plot reaches a dead end.. And a plot involving a sapphire, a plot that essentially gets tossed out to sea.. . Fugiko also has a revenge subplot. She gears up with rocket launchers and all sorts of ...
This is a prequel to a comic and by the end also covers the original material. While I greatly enjoyed the original prequel stuff the comic stuff was just not fun. I never read the comic so i went in blind and hoped for the best, unfortunately it wasn't half as good as the original stuff. I ADORE heists, i can never have enough of them and I can attest that the end of season heist plan is so stupid, it's a shit plan. Also post time skip Johnny is so ugly, get your beard back bro.. . The time skip is not that well handled honestly. ...
A fantastic premise,fairly good animation from J.C staff also a great bit of lore and world building woven into the story.Yet it misses badly.. . I might blame the pacing which is at times furious at first and slows down terribly at the midpoint.The story has enough twists and bends to make it exciting.Yet the whole presentation has less charisma than your run of the mill seasonal villaness isekai.. . I found few of the characters likeable and the villains less so.(Give a witty nutcase villain or cool badass anyday than what we get from this bunch.). . If you're an Isekai fan on 1000th journey to defeat a demon Lord ...
This anime started with hope but it's soon lost and then it follows a desperate need to make the show going.. . In some of the scenes the desperation is so much that is almost funny from trying to hard.. . My opinion - Watch it so that you can make fun of the stupidity but don't expect anything more than time pass. . Animation- avg ( desperate cgi or Minecraft animation would have been easy to watch if only it made some sense). . Story/Plot - extremely poor cz its starts with hope and then utterly destroys it. . Funny - i would say it is a bit funny cz its really really ...
Neither as atrocious as some might claim, nor the amazing twist to a Cinderella others would say, I find this series to be... middling. A perfectly serviceable anime that you can pass some time watching if you don't mind slower paced, more wholesome watches revolving around healing from times spent in an abusive household and making a marriage work out.. . |[ Visuals - 7/10 ]|. While not egregious, I did find there to be some very minor inconsistencies in the characters faces - though, that could've just been me. On the whole the quality is pretty solid, some of the scenes are very pretty, but... ...
Oregairu, for a while anyway, was the darling of many a video essay dissecting something or other about the anime’s main character Hachiman, who many people find to be relatable, I guess, because, I don’t know, he’s cynical. It starts off as what seems to be a satire of a romantic comedy, which then turns into a sort of vague critique of youth and Japanese high-school society, before ending as a kind of tragedy. If this type of story progression makes no sense to you, its because it doesn’t make sense. The second season rolls around and the story’s about as aimless as ever until ...
My god this hasn't aged well. At the moment I'm at the Enies Lobby arc or the Judicial Island arc, and this is the slowest thing ever to exist. I'm curios to see what the up to date series is like so I want to watch from the start but this is torture.. . They are wasting so much time on every scene for useless crap, like explaining for the millionth time what they are doing and what it is they need to do instead of just doing it. The recaps feel like half of the episodes and there is so so so much of plank ...
You know it was a good run, and i realy liked the first season.. But it is getting old, he MC is just running around and doing his thing.. In the first season he realy wanted to get home, and now he is willing to stay, so he is traveling around and doing his thing in this world.. He is being treated as the bad guy by everybody in the begining and at the end he is respectec and loved by all.. This was a good season, and i liked it, but at begining 2th season, they all( his fellow isekai) disrespected him again and everybody was against ...
Inuyasha is a very well-known that is why it is interesting to explore it, going through the anime (half of it it) was to say the least, average. The first half of the show was good, it was exciting, it has a good balance of action and romance mixed with comedy in it, an obvious specialty of Rumiko Takahashi. Though there are positives it also has its negatives, one example is its animation which for some might be a turn off as it didn't stand the test of time (depending on people's opinion), though it's not the worst amongst many. Nearly halfway through the series, ...
I enjoyed it but was so confused all the time.. . The good:. Very interesting characters & it is entertaining.. . The less good:. This anime is like the definition of ADHD. It's so random, seems like it's having a hard time following a read thread throughout the story & kind of forgets what to do with some of the characters. They kind of leave characters in places/scenes without letting the viewers know what happens to them, only to make them reappear later in other scenes like.... what were they doing all of this time? How did they make it out that time and why are they here suddenly? It ...
This show is stupid, let's get that out of the way. It's not terrible, and I can definitely see an audience for this genre.. . . plot:. A Witch with a child like appearance (Alyssa) finds an abandoned baby in the woods (Viola), who after 16 years, grows up to be incredibly mature looking for her age and people (except friends) mistake Viola as Alyssa's mom instead of the other way around.. . . Each episode is different, this type of show is what I like to call "random and wacky stuff happens with no real plot" Honestly, I like the side characters way more than the mother and daughter, I even ...
For anyone wanting to watch be warned that you'll be watching purely for the MC as there isn't much else to it. This anime honestly went downhill mid-way. This anime has it's charms, it was funny as heck and the MC is loveable. I'm a huge fan of the MC is OP trope but I'm also someone who is greatly influenced by storytelling. If you're like me who loves a good story than this anime isn't for you. The amount of inconstancies was the funniest thing about it, and the plot gets confusing to the point where you might need to write it all out ...
This is not as frustrating a watch as Weathering With You, but it suffers from many of the same problems. In a story built on an existential crisis for many in Japan, of course the writers thought it was still important to fit in a hamfisted, half-baked romance for which the lead goes so far as to try to sacrifice herself. The most fantastical creatures in the bunch largely remain unexplained by the end, with the main one (nicknamed Daijin) having its entire modus operandi explained as trying to become the lead's cat for... reasons. I guess she was nice to it once. The main ...
I need to start by saying Makoto Shinkai has been my favorite anime director since I first started watching his movies in the mid aughts. The beauty of the animation, particularly the skies, is beyond compare. I've eagerly watched every movie of his I could access, and I've seen all of them except for Weathering with You. (I'll see that one as soon as I can.) I've watched Your Name many times. I loved them all. Needless to say, I was very excited to see Suzume, excitement which faded increasingly over its runtime. It's not a bad movie; it's just not a good one.. . I'm ...
TLDR; watch if you like shojo reverse harem. Skip if you don't.. . . . I saw a snip on tiktok and decided to give it a try, I imagine those will be a commonality with a lot of reviews going forward. Anyhow, it was interesting enough of a concept to begin with; where it started to loose my interest was with the constant introduction of new love interest. She even stats our right tat ses surrounded by beautiful boys. It quickly became apparent this was women oriented, which is not in itself a disqualifier, but I can into this wanting to dive into the world and history so ...
Plantea una historia que parece que fuera a ser menos vanilla, pero acaba siendo muy muy vanilla en un entorno en el que pasan cosas que no lo son para nada. Un poco desaprovechada y además me sobra un poco la historia de amor que intenta entablar el protagonista y me encanta como la chica lo destroza follandose a otro porque es una puta. De eso debería ir el anime, de puterío y de sexo sin parar.. Aún así la animación está genial y la ambientación del parque de atracciones sexual está bien también.. Todo lo que sea en público me vale.
I find it depressing how this is considered a 9/10.. . People must have very low expectations to then rate this anime so high.. . I mean, all this has going for it is consistent art and animation. The fight choreography isn't all that special, the ED was kind of dull, the pacing, while not egregiously so, will not be for everyone being as... relaxed... as it is, and the plot twists are a mixture of predictable and boring.. . Of course Stark wasn't going the be the hero everyone thought he was, and of course he was going to return to defeat the dragon. Those sorts of ...
The movie assumes you're familiar with the story. This is the second half of a 13-episode season in movie form, so there are no reminders or references to events in the previous movie.. . Only watch this if you are a Made in Abyss fan or need a refresher. It includes some extra content that wasn't in the first season and helps flesh out the world of the show. There are two new scenes, one of which is a dream sequence that hints at future storylines, and the other is a new ending that adds more depth to one of the main characters, Bondrewd.. . Overall, it's a ...
I could tell from the poster and trailer that this anime is the new 'it' shonen anime of the season, so I had high expectation. Unfortunately it backfired quickly. Animation is great, art is good, ending and opening theme are awesome. But the big turn off for me is the ecchi. There are ecchi I can tolerate and not. If used wrong, ecchi can ruin an entire show for me, no matter how great or hyped the anime is. For example Nanatsu no Taizai. In this aspect, I think Undead Unluck is similar to Nanatsu no Taizai. Both MCs are way older than they look ...
=====Introduction=====. Bocchi the Rock! is rated highly on this website. Naturally, I was left pondering on what made it so good. Glancing over the synopsis, the genre, and other details did not radiate something special. It was sitting on my Plan-to-watch list, and I finally watched it. Funnily enough, it left me even more confused at the end. The series itself is pretty good. It has a simple premise, the execution was decent, the comedy was alright & animation was decent as well. Then what's the problem? It's very standard in every way. I couldn't find any glistening & unique aspect to it that made it ...
Happy Sugar Life to me is a psychological slice-of-life anime that explores trauma, twisted love, and many other aspects of the human psyche. It's also an anime that has traumatized me like no other anime has. This is my first review of an anime, I barely remember this show, and I'm lazy so I'm just gonna wing it and make it short. No character mentions or major plot points. Bear with me here.. . Tone - 6/10. The tone is very tragic, and this remains consistent throughout the show. There are very few shreds of happiness within the story, and when there is, it either happens for a ...
1. **Pacing Issues:**. - I feel like the story is moving too fast, causing my favorite part to be skipped over by episode 7.. - The overall flow seems a bit chaotic in my opinion.. . 2. **Visual Elements:**. - Graphically, I don't have any issues.. - However, the lighting feels a bit strange to me.. . 3. **Character Development:**. - I miss the moment in episode 7 when Mia was supposed to be riding a horse, and her fear should have been portrayed.. ...
Maintaining a high standard can be challenging once it has been established. This is demonstrated by 2nd Semester, which struggled to match the success of School Rumble's hilarious and originality.. . 2nd Semester falls short regarding plot progression. Only a few episodes move the story forward, and even these have little impact. Instead, the series feels like a collection of unconnected episodes, with only a few weak links between them. The primary relationships that appeared to be developing in the first season are only slightly teased in 2nd Semester without making any significant progress.. . On the other hand, the animation is noticeably better. The cast encounters a ...
Episodes 1-12 (and 20) are absolutely masterpieces in terms of character development, world-building, creativity, animation, music, and storytelling. An amazing fantasy world, with characters that feel real and alive.. . Episodes 13-19 have absolutely none of that. Never before has a single arc ruined an anime viewing experience so thoroughly as it has in this series. An utter slog to watch through, it id impressive that it was capable of almost single-handed my ruining this masterpiece of a show.. . Overall, I do think this series is worth the watch. The characters, world-building, and plot are utterly magnificent. I just highly recommend any future watchers brace themselves for the ...
This recap film covers the first eight episodes of the series, along with part of episode nine and a hint of what's to come in the next recap film. The film is a straightforward summary of the series, with a few new scenes at the beginning that may interest fans but don't add much. The movie has some new music that's as good as the score from the original series. If you haven't seen the original series, it's best to skip this recap film and watch the series instead. If you've seen the series and want a quick refresher, this recap film is more than ...
In the realm of anime, Koi to Senkyo to Chocolate stands out as a unique and captivating blend of romance, mystery, and treasure hunting. With its intricate plot, endearing characters, and stunning visuals, the anime takes viewers on a thrilling journey filled with excitement, intrigue, and heartwarming moments.. . An Engaging Story with Intriguing Forensic Elements. . At the heart of Koi to Senkyo to Chocolate lies a captivating story that revolves around a group of high school students who find themselves entangled in a series of perplexing mysteries. As they delve deeper into these enigmas, they discover that the answers lie not only in their own deductions but ...
Those who don't play Kingdom Hearts but have a vague knowledge of the games know that the lore for the games is infamously convoluted. This OVA is no different. At the very least, it's not outsider-friendly.. . For those who don't know, this OVA was based on some key moments from the mobile game "Kingdom Hearts X Dark Roads". There's a lot of context that's missed in this OVA. This is because a lot of the context that comes from the phone game is stuff that happens from the perspective of the player character. Some of the moments in the OVA were flashbacks in the game ...
History: The story is predictable, knowing that anime made for teenagers almost never die. . Art: Art is a strong point, and is suitable for any genre. . Characters: The characters had their personalities, even if they were all clichés for the situation, they served their purpose. . You'll like it because it has interesting scenes and involves pasts and redemptions.. . It's an anime that you might love or hate. If you find yourself in the middle, it's because something wasn't captured by you while watching. Dimension W brings a very good idea, another Dimension? Look how brilliant this sounds to us viewers, however, it falls into the same archaic shounen anime ...
I ate this shit up!!!. Truth be told it's a bit hard to watch - at least it was for me. I'm not really used to old BL and the general dynamic of the couples was a bit too much at times. When I got to the 3rd season I straight up decided to skip the story of the professor and ex-brother in law-high school student. It was too much.... Anyways, Takahashi Misaki you will always be famous! I love you and I would give my life for you. He is one of the funniest characters I have ever seen omg. He is very relatable as well. ...
This is one of those shows where you like it, do not, or just can't figure out the premise.. Every episode so far has so much differing opinion for me, one can be great, and another you question the MC's intentions.. But this is kinda dumb enjoyment to some degree.. . Firstly the Problems:. 1. The MC "Adonis" does really infuriating things that are just plain stupid and make zero sense because he can resolve 99% of the issues he encounters with his magical quill. In this way, most of his injuries he sustains are basically his entire fault, mainly because he can use his quill to give himself ...
the fights were alright and animated well enough and the episodic episodes fit the show.. most of the episodes follow the depressed npc mc screwing up getting to a gundam then either fixing it and making it worse. And then the side characters who throw him a pity party and are slowly drained from their personalities they had at the start of the show because of him.. The ending was anticlimactic and was even more boring than the show as a whole which is not to undersell how boring this show is.. BUT. my main point on why this is not a negative but a mixed feeling review ...
The 2nd season of the Ancient Magus Bride has greatly benefited from a more focused plot than its first season while retaining the wonder, danger, and unpredictability of its magical world. However, the show's transition to a new studio has certainly affected its animation quality to a disappointing degree.. . CHARACTERS 4/5. The plot is focused primarily on Chise and her group of classmates at the College. The primary new players, particularly Lucy, Philomela, and Rian, are dynamic and interesting. Philomela's arc is particularly satisfying, especially by episode 10.. . PLOT 4/5. Keeping the setting mostly isolated to the College was a good decision on the part of the author. This ...
this is a great example of an amazing game, but a horrible execution of an anime. the story is very rushed and everything is just very flat and disappointing if you're expecting every detail from the game implemented into the anime. i didn't even watch the full thing because of how bland it was - i feel like watching a playthrough of this game could even be a better "anime", however i give an A for effort for them to make a whole anime adaptation of it and spending time to actually animate the whole thing.. . my review needs more words so id like to ...
(This is my first review so if you find this confusing please forgive me). Boku no Hero Academia.... . The Negatives:. - I was 10 when I first watched this I really thought that this was a great anime but in my Rewatch it feels like a woke series maybe because of the fanbase but I was bored when I rewatched it felt like they made this series so this can become the next kids watch, most students were forgettable, fights wasn't entertaining compare to like anime such as one piece or bleach I know that they have alot of episodes and they're old generation but there are other ...
Nice movie if you're into whisky (I am).. It's mainly about whisky blending, they don't touch on the whisky distillation process really at all.. Weird balance between too nerdy for some and not nerdy enough for me.. . The plot revolves around Komada Rui trying to revive a blend originally created by her late father using the last of their whisky stocks and including some from other distilleries. Takahashi Kotarou is a reporter who doesn't really care about whisky but slowly comes around to it after spending time with Rui.. . The plot is fine, but I didn't connect with the characters much, feel like it would have been better ...
I had to skip the first arc for the most part because it was so boring, barely anything happened that couldn't have been summed up into like 5-6 episodes. I was not interested in anything that was happening besides Deku's stuff. There weren't any stakes that we cared about besides the loose threat of Class A losing to Class B, nothing in most of these episodes really moved the story along either.. . Though there were some parts of this season I liked (I haven't read the manga). I liked the villain backstories since they made you think more deeply about the implications of living in a ...
This show is really cute and fun, but there's one problem really holding it back. The characters are well written, the art style is cute, bright, and bubbly, the characters are pretty well written and feel realistic. I read the manga a long time ago and quite liked the story, and I think they did a wonderful job transferring the characters to animation. This is a pretty normal genre in anime now, a nerdy boring quiet guy whose life is changed by the Japanese version of a manic pixie dream girl - only, in this show particularly, neither of the protagonists fit that genre. The ...
I hate that i don't hate it. But this doesn't feel like a real anime, it feels more like an anime they watch on the background of an anime, or like an anime writed by someone who doesn't know what anime is, but has like a vague knowledge of some tropes and think like all anime are like this, kind like kappa mikey (?) You know what The entirety of this anime feels like a gag they'll make on Gintama, but as i said at the beginning i don't hate it, it made me laugh a couple of times by the absurdity of the jokes, and ...
First of all, promised neverland season 1 was a masterpiece i want to mention that. It was on my top 10 list of all time. However, Season 2 was absolute garbage.İn the first 5 episodes i enjoyed it kinda well but when I learned Norman' and Norman's plan I was disappointed. Moreover, there are a lot of scenes that are skipped according to the manga. I don't want to give spoilers in this review, but in my opinion, season 2 was rushed a lot.İt could be 3 or even 4 seasons depending on the time between season 1 and season 2. Everything happened so quickly.. Characters ...
I'll start with what I liked about Soul Eater. The art direction is colorful and distinct and the character designs are memorable and interesting. The cool factor is most definitely there (especially when compared to some of its 2000's Shonen peers). And the dub is pretty great, something I rarely say. If you're looking for a laid back anime that you don't have to put too much effort into watching, just put on the dub while you multitask or have it on for background noise (I feel like it would be great at a house party on a TV in a corner on mute or ...
At some point, we have to stop entertaining mediocrity.. . I have never met another series that falls so squarely into the "mediocre" category more than Black Clover, and this is not meant as an insult. It is an absolute, as objective as can be, accurate description of this series quality level. Never as good as to get you properly engaged and give you strong emotions, never as bad as to rage drop it. It simply, exists in between and offers a good service when you want something to watch and not pay much attention to when you eat your lunch.. . A big part of this is ...
Not really spoilers so not marking it as a spoiler, but this review does mention that certain episode numbers are "X type of" episodes. (Beach type / Camping type / School Carnival type etc). So if you consider that to be a spoiler, consider yourself warned. If you, like me, do not, than proceed.. . On the surface this is a cute sweet slice of life about a mostly shut-in shy college student, her sister, and her sisters friend she thinks is cute and wants to dress up on cosplay outfits.. . ON THE SURFACE.. . If you're a child watching it that's probably all you get. If you ...
Parody is an art form that is hard to do well. When done poorly, it falls into one of two camps: either it's just making fun of something without being clever or having anything to add, or it's just earnestly doing the thing but it repeatedly hits you over the head with the reminder that they're aware they are doing the thing, and isn't it funny how self aware we are?. . 100 Girlfriends falls into the second camp.. . The characters are charming, the animation is pretty, and it does have some good jokes, but at the end of the day it just falls flat as a parody. ...
In the realm of anime, where fantasy worlds and magical adventures abound, Re:ZERO -Starting Life in Another World- stands as a unique and captivating story, challenging conventional isekai tropes and delving into the depths of human psychology. While its dark and gritty elements may not appeal to all viewers, those who brave its depths will find themselves immersed in a captivating narrative of self-discovery, resilience, and the weight of one's choices.. . At the heart of Re:ZERO lies the extraordinary ability of its protagonist, Subaru Natsuki, to return from death, a power that initially seems like a blessing but quickly turns into a curse. Trapped in a ...
its not bad per se, but my initial impression is just so-so. if the anime good as frieren then i will watch through the 24 minute each episode without FFing 10 second for each 1 minute i watched. but it happen anyways, i keep forwarding 10 sec until the last 7 episode aired.. some of us will like it but for me its anime just watched after all of your main series finished. dont get me wrong, i like fantasy anime, but this is more tilted to shoutacon.. reincarnation awakening V. usual tentacles and fanservices V. excaliburs spells magic V. Female protag V. harem V. big booties ...
This anime show is a gender-bender harem that includes fan service, awkward tension, misunderstandings, and secrets. It is not uncommon to see some nudity or perverted behavior. The lead character, Akane, is an ordinary girl with a passion for martial arts and a terrible cooking ability. Despite her normal appearance, every boy in the series seems to be interested in her. On the other hand, Ranma, the male lead, is admired for his strength, agility, and athleticism. He can also be sweet when he wants to be. However, he is afraid of cats.. . The show has many characters, some of whom are lacking in intelligence. While ...
The concept is fantastic as ice skating is a sport that isn't nearly explored enough in media. However, I feel like the execution could have been much better - the characters weren't nearly interesting enough to carry the emotional weight that the series wishes of the viewer. A few scenes work REALLY well and some of the ice skating is absolutely gorgeous, you can almost feel the air stand still. But most of the series just doesn't live up to the standard set up by those few scenes.. I was also disappointed, although not surprised, by the non-relationship between Yuri and Victor; BL relationships aren't expected ...
(Currently on episode 6). . The show is written extremely terribly, yet here I am still watching it. Our MC is a literal psychopath who wants to exterminate his own race, we then learn that he just doesn’t care; he just wants to punish the world, at least it seemed that way to me.. . This shows the definition of so bad it's good. What’s mainly keeping me around are the plot points, as subpar as they are. The revenge is enacted so badly, the humans lack a basic moral compass, and our MC’s so fixated on revenge that he involves innocent people —bro just doesn’t care. ...
Plot: Slow start but intriguing enough to continue watching because of the directing, interesting character introductions and plot. The first half had a good balance of sleuthing and school slice of life. However, Hyouka’s plot and pace started declining for me during the cultural festival — the jumonji affair. At this point of the anime, I felt that they had run out of mysteries and so was dragging that one mystery out. I got increasingly annoyed with how the mains were running everywhere but not doing anything actually helpful. A complete waste of time even though I was looking for an anime to waste some ...
Hmm I am a mechanic in real life i import cars from japan I own a Toyota Aristo Nissan stagea If you know what they are. . Umm where do I start I am 31 years old so I remember watching initial d in my youth and loved it .. . But MF ghost it lacks alot of things…. The story isn’t to bad . A British Japanese driver visits japan to enter the MF race . And he’s from a British driving academy run by non other than Takumi fujiwara. . But it’s not the story line that bothers me. It’s the setting. The future is kinda ...
So a trope I honestly hate because it is so ridiculous. Wear a hoodie, change your hair, or put a tiny mask on and no one will recognise you, not even your own family. What a stupid trope to do honestly.. . The show is overwise fun, nothing really happens since it is a slice of life for out-of-school or work moments primarily.. . The art is nice, fun, and clean. It holds up to a good standard.. . Sound is nothing special, it is just a standard show.. . Characters are fun, like I say the disguise thing seems really stupid.. . Overall, it is average.
Honestly this would have been a really solid series if the protagonist wasn't so painfully unlikeable.. Story wise it's fascinating. A person with a limited ability to time travel using that ability to change past events to protect loved ones in the modern day is a great concept when used correctly. The tight limitations of Takemichi's abilities are brilliant in terms of drama as there's no "reset button", if he fails in what he sets out to do then there's no do over which makes the sense of danger feel far more genuine.. The gang warfare elements are also well done. The tensions between organisations as well ...
Apparently a re-write is in order, guess I just have to be more critical this time around as I was trying to be nice last time. I sort of handicapped myself by not trying to offend anyone, let me give the uncut version of my review:. . The good: First up comes the art, it's great! I think if you have two eyeballs and lack drain bamage it's fairly obvious that this is a gorgeous anime. The art was done with care, and the digital set designs are half decent, which is getting rarer and rarer to find due to the overworked and underpaid artists of Japan ...
It's like Sword Art Online but without any of the stakes from Sword art Online. The premise of the story is simple, a expert gamer who loves bad games finally plays a good one. The story rips a page out of your standard Isekai playbook with tropes like the main character becoming the most important and overpowered person in another world with video game mechanics being integrated into the various world systems and combat, only it makes more sense here than other Isekais because this is actually a video game.. . The characters are serviceable with no one in particular standing out besides the vorpul emperor ...
Ok, so I tend to not really write reviews for anime, in fact I don't think I have written a proper review on this site. I recently started writing reviews for actual movies I've seen and I have about 50 or so under my belt at this point. Any way's I just don't understand the hype around this show. Not only did it take my multiple months to finish, but it really is just embarrassing to watch at times.. . The show follows 4 characters as they start a band, all 4 are basically just characterizations of their hair colors. Golden hair is leader, red hair is ...
The movie is average, but certainly better than the game it was based on(And I say this as a full-fledged fan of the FF and JRPG genres) . Another movie based on a game, something like Tekken Blood Vengence. The fights are typical JRPG. If the figure had been cut in half, it would have stood for another hour.. And although the fights can be spectacular, on the other hand everything else makes no sense. Characters jump from left to right as if I were watching Transformers The Movie 1986. The only difference was that Transformers The Movie 1986 had music to match the situation. In ...
The first episode of Pluto caught me off-guard. There are no OPs or EDs, the protagonist is a middle-aged man, it's set outside Japan, and this and further episodes are 1 hour long. Pluto has definitely much in common with western tv shows, however, it still has a lot of elements that are usually attributed to anime. And I am still to this day uncertain about my opinion as well as the show is uncertain about its origins.. . From the get-go Pluto presents a murder mystery, but I didn't notice any investigations or twists in the first half. The detective's just visiting the possible targets and ...
Honestly, when I watched the first episode, I thought that this anime was going to be in the same style as the others. I can't say that I like the anime completely, but I don't get bored watching the episodes.. You can feel that they are trying to do things differently. I mean, I think they are trying to add some different events compared to the same kind of anime. But if they want to make a difference, they need to take the story in a more interesting direction.. As for the characters, I think they are not realistic (I'm talking about the first four episodes). ...
The Fall 2023 anime season boasts an impressive lineup, but unfortunately, Shy doesn't quite rise to the occasion.. . Out of the 25 or so I’m in the middle of at this moment I finally got around to starting this one yesterday, I stopped at episode 3. Today as I went to resume I had that “do I really want to?” feeling. So I dropped it, in a season so chock full of entertaining options it’s hard to justify the time expenditure on this anime.. . Pros:. . Art: The visual appeal is undeniable. The art style is captivating, with beautifully rendered characters and scenes.. . VA: While it may have been ...
When I finished "Ghost in the Shell," I felt quite disappointed. This movie is renowned as a cult cyberpunk film, yet it left such a minimal impression on me. My main issue is how little the movie does to establish its elements.. . The film's plot primarily revolves around a phantom hacker causing trouble for Section 6. You know who they are, but not why they are doing this. The Major is a stoic girl who gets things done. Togusa is an ordinary guy trying his best. Batou is a big guy who supports the Major, and the Chief is an old man dealing with annoying bureaucracy. ...
Meh... You know, I feel the same feeling, like always. Again we had a good first season and something worse/not that good in second. Let's be honest, there were a really good potential in first season, another way to show descrimination and all other nearby to it. And i thought, that in second we'll see more and better, 'cauze rationg were much higher, but what we've seen so? No progress at all? Just a 12 episodes of average mech anime about war? It feels like i just watched a basic faceless title. Too much cliche, standart shonen characters and more. We lost somehow mystic atmosphere ...
I generally don't go for slice-of-life romance but I gave this a shot because I thought the preface sounded interesting. Combining light fantasy/sci-fi with adult romance is a cool addition to differentiate this anime from others. But the two romantic leads are just so bland. I usually love shows about artists, but they barely show anything about their process of making a manga. And they're cute together only as cute as any awkward young adults in anime are.. . Overall, there is a lot that this show could have done but it takes no risks, has boring visuals, characterless characters, and only challenges its audience in ...
It was the firs the first time that i got hooked like this i whatched 40 episodes in 3 days despite having my exams and it was fun until the end. . . For me this anime had so so so so much potential and even after i hate it to be the core i could not give this show less then 6 because if the final was not like random bulsh*t here we go it was easy 10. . . I watched like 500 anime and this had the most potential and even if i hate it now i cant forget how it felt during the ...
Okay, let's start with the obvious: bullying is wrong and should not be justified in any way. Here, I'm critiquing characters and tropes and don't in any way sanction bullying.. . Naoto, the main character, absolutely sucks. He essentially plays an ecchi straight man insert character. He's the usual kind of character for this type of anime: a loser virgin bullied loner who just wants to avoid social interaction, read Vampire Boobies 3: Rise of the Areola and play video games all day, and has never met or talked to a girl in his life. Unlike most pathetic nothing insert characters in ecchi, Naoto has a skill: ...
Just finished watching EP6 and I'm not sure I'll be finishing it. The action is fun, but it really bothers me that a level 99 fully kitted out player wasn't able to absolutely demolish a low-level noob with no gear. Either the MCs skills are completely broken, or you're telling me that the MC's rival is just super garbage at this game (and has no skills despite also being a "trash-game player"). The lack of consistency was just a bit too much for me and I wasn't satisfied with the gaming elements of it.. . There were no standout characters and the love interest is completely ...
I only watch the anime, so I think my impression will change as new season released later.. . Until the last episode, instead of depressing, let's call it ironic. I may complain about mature content including x assault, but well, this show just wanna tel us the world before and after disaster are terrible in each way. If only i knew that i shouldn't watch this with my scifi enthusiast parents☠️. . The idea of apocalyptic world isn't something new, that's why I hope it will have more details explained later. I have a great feeling that all the missing puzzle will put together into a great twist
This is a 'scooby-doo' type story, quite bland and nothing out of the ordinary. And yet, I really enjoyed this anime. This is of the few animes I watched in DUB (There is no point in watching this if you do not watch in dub btw) Whether it's how unhinged, crazy or the questionable jokes and humour, I very much watched the whole series, happily. Although, I understand that I most likely will not get the humour of a culture I dont belong to, sometimes all the PERVERTED jokes in Japanese shows (mainly talking about anime) is just too much- I actually surprisingly really ...
It is a pretty big departure from most main fate stories even though it follows some of the main cast of the fate/sn/ubw cast although with differences as its an alternate universe and is essentially yuri loli jail bait with magical girl bs and some surprisingly fluid and cool fights essentially it focuses on Illya gaining magical girl powers and makes a friend named Miyu whos also now magical girl under the "tutelage" of Rin and Luvia respectively one of the main differences is the class card system which essentially instead of actual servants being summoned its a card that summons a servant from that ...
I can't tell you whether I love this show or hate it. I can't tell you whether it's a brilliant burst of creativity that overcomes a miniscule budget with maniacal glee towards a story nobody else would touch without cleaning up the rough edges, or a cruel and nihilistic attempt at scoring points with the pretentious crowd, name-dropping titles like "The Sheltering Sky" along the way to let them know they're buds. Did I watch an anime that is a wild ride that shows what really happens when people play God, or pointless drivel that punches down on scientists who already have enough problems being ...
MF Ghost should have either been a separate series from the Initial D universe, or it should have been Takumi instead of the new protagonist driving in the MF Ghost races if the authors truly wanted an Initial D successor. There is no reason for Initial D to be linked to this series, as it takes place years later, involves much more professional racing with expensive supercars, and only mentions characters from Initial D to give nostalgia shots to the viewers who have seen Initial D. This is a stark contrast to the underground street races on the mountain roads, tight brotherhood of racing friends, ...
It's catered more to the customer base who have experienced the eroge that the anime's based on since the story took little to no time to introduce the characters or elaborate in any way further than surface level on their relationship or the attraction the girls have for the protagonist.. The protagonist status of the main character is painfully obvious when every side character and harem member is calling out for his name and attention despite a strong lack of personality. Rather, he's got more flaws than merits.. In comparison, his sole male friend, the comedic relief who gets beaten up most of the time during his ...
I never understood how the Headmasters toys from the 80’s made sense or what they were so I was curious to find out.. I found Transformers: Headmasters one quite boring first couple of episodes, unlike the underrated Transformers: Super-God Masterforce that I actually saw before this one. But! Something told me not to give up on Headmasters, and I'm glad I didn't. But during and after the double header Cybertron Is in Grave Danger, Part 1 and 2 (episode 9 and 10), where major changes takes place, the anime picks up!. Episode 11 was really crazy!. Love the ending theme so much! The opening theme also ...
Hmmmm… I have mixed thoughts. This has an intriguing premise, convicts sent to an island in search of the elixir of life. But, I don’t know if I’m convinced enough to continue into more seasons with this story.. . Most of the characters were enjoyable, I liked them enough, but I also didn’t feel particularly attached. Further, I feel like a lot of time was wasted on back stories instead of developing the characters or plot more.. . Obviously the next season will get more into what the island and its inhabitants truly are, but I would have preferred some tiny revelation at the end of this ...
This is the biggest example of a "mixed feelings" anime i could ever think of.. If someone could enjoy this anime really depends from person to person. I would personally rate it much higher than the average score, around 7.5, but at the same time I think that the low score is understandable.. Good thing is that the first episode is enough to understand if this anime could be enjoyed or not.. I would raccommend to watch the first episode even for just see this unique example of this anime, not necessarely to enjoy it, but to find something new.. . It has two important two very important names ...
Shimoneta to Iu Gainen ga Sonzai Shinai Taikutsu na Sekai is a comedic series heavily reliant on dirty jokes and gag humor. Unfortunately, most of the humor is rather juvenile and surprisingly mild, leading to repetitiveness throughout its 12-episode run. While the characters initially show promise with their unique motivations, they are never fully developed, and hinted relationships between them remain unrealized. The animation and character design are decent, contributing to the series' overall appeal. However, the anime cannot overcome the lackluster narrative and underwhelming character interactions. Although Shimoneta to Iu Gainen ga Sonzai Shinai Taikutsu na Sekai may cater to viewers seeking dialogue filled ...
I don't know why But I felt it was a bit more boring and sluggish than the manga or novel. Maybe it's because of the first person point of view, which I don't think is suitable for presenting it in the form of an anime. It made me feel uncomfortable and cringe at times. The sequence of the stories was also confusing. Even though I've read the manga before, I'm still puzzled. And what about people who start watching from the anime first? I'm sure they wouldn't understand. . actually, there's another first person point of view anime like 'bloom into you' but they presented it ...
up to episode 5 still good. but strange happened after the latest episode aired. let me going at it the round way so spoilers would be 99% avoided.. my main point are:. isekai'd yes. preferences more towards loli, yes. ehmm hi the episode before, well, give potion-up until being healed is fine- but loli'ed?-then it happened at episode 6?. imba main protag(gender irrelevant) yes in this case the potion skill. but perhaps too imba that it cuts through some animations in the latest episode? if u are the type read manga then anime maybe could understand. but potion that create portals-sudden phoenix down?? ehmm up until that point ...
(Episode 1 and 2 spoilers) - TL;DR at the end. Ragna Crimson is an edgy shonen at its core. If you're a 13 year old teen, new to anime, and you're into things like tokyo ghoul, owari no seraph and stuff, you'll probably enjoy it. On the other hand, if you're already a long time anime watcher, it'll feel like more of the same recycled stuff - basically a very mediocre experience that'll bore you. . Story 6/10. Cliché "I will kill all the titans/vampires/dragons" plotliine that has been reused a thousand times. The author decided to add the most bullsh*t magical time travel plot no jutsu into the ...
Since this is the 2nd, it's going to get compared to the 1st, 1st left a pretty good impression. Since MC surprised the hell out of everyone literally every episode and multiple times at that!. . Although for some reason, characters tend to be forgettable, especially in beginning of season 1, and that might be understandable, since some shows rather not take themselves seriously, barely any proper progress(plot wise or character development)was made even at the end 1st season.. . There is this specific something that some of you that might be reading may or may not agree and that's emotions! Well, I barely felt anything toward characters ...
Slimes for 300 years is the DEFINITION of an average anime.. . I watched this maybe a year or so ago, and I hardly remember a single thing about it. That should be all you need to know. It's not memorable. There's no substance. A good anime will have memorable plot points, characters, etc. This anime has nothing. It's a filler while you wait for other shows to come out.. . It does shake up the Isekai trope somewhat, wherein the whole "transported to another world and figuring out what the hell is going on" arc is nearly entirely absent. The character has been in the alternate ...
The Cockpit is a rare beast of an anime. It's about WW2, doesn't cover it exclusively from the Japanese perspective, and consists of three self-contained vignettes. It's a strange mix of topic, genre, and format, resulting in an OVA which is conceptually strong, but still falls short in some ways which are too glaring to ignore. Beginning with the story, it is right off the bat the strongest part of the show. They are poignant tales of morality, honor, and military tragedy that manage to lay bare the conflict of these things within the human heart in artful and arresting fashion. Though, the show starts ...
Meh.. Monster was one of my most favorite shows ever, i had loved it's mind-blowing story with very well written characters. When i heard there will be another anime adaptation from same author i was really looking forward to it. But after years of waiting it turned into disappointment.. . . Production quality is really good like 9/10, but i just can't empathize myself with the characters. How could i..?Characters are robots that pretending to be humans "all time", which is also whole story build on. All those conversations about their fake human emotions... I wish at least they were cyborg or bionic-robots but they are not, ...
After Story is a good capstone to Clannad, but isn't really 'good enough' to make the 46 episodes or so worth it in-of-itself. If you couldn't dig Clannad, I wouldn't worry about it and watch something else. If you liked Clannad, After Story will hook you well enough.. . I have mixed feelings abt Clannad, but it's Key adaptation slop and by god im a slopguzzler. Works for me, might for you.. . Tomoya takes a far more central stage as the main character and protagonist for much of After Story, and is certainly the most developed (and interesting) character of Clannad. The mass of side characters who made ...
When Lycoris Recoil was first announced, I’d admit, I was excited. I believe that it wouldn’t hurt anime creators to create more proper gun-oriented combat series like Black Lagoon and Jormungand, firearms can be just as cool as swords, y’know? And although Lycoris Recoil did deliver in some aspects, other aspects sort of dragged it down.. . In this anime, we’re introduce to this seemingly perfect world where crime rates are very low due to a secret government program that uses orphans as child soldiers in order to prevent such crimes from happening in the first place. And in this anime, we’re introduced with our protagonist, Takina ...
This is lost Nintendo media wrapped in gold, with a little bit of dust on it. Glad it's available on YouTube for free.. . While some parts of the movie were expected as if from a typical Mario storyline, I must admit the ending gave me a good chuckle - it was totally a twist. However some parts felt like they were dragging on, and the voice acting was a bit annoying... and you can tell it was made in the 80s just by listening to the soundtrack!. . If you're a Mario fan, or just wanna watch something ridiculous, I would recommend this - maybe even under the ...
The game is amazing, with an interesting story and characters, fun gameplay, and really good gore. The anime butchers the anime is almost every way. The plot is chopped up, rearranged, and stuffed into 4 episodes. The characters are brought down to mindless clowns who I was glad got picked off so fast. The ending was so fucking absurd and silly like something fucking South Park would do with Kenny for a joke. But the gore in the anime is a step up from the game and is alot more detailed. Ill give praise where its due the music and voice work was pretty good ...
Began with an interesting idea (realism in a fantasy world dungeon exploring) that focused more on the preparation and the caution needed on any aventure and the big danger that even little monster like goblins can represent for any adventurer s not well prepared or not aware of the risk and even cruelty that goes hand in hand with this activity but become quickly a very basic average fnatasy anime throwing out the window all the groundwork that had been laid in the first episodes.. . so in the end apart for the 2 or 3 first episodes, it's a very average basic fantasy anime like ...
Besides exceptionally impressive art style, lolis and a very nice song during end credits this show has literally nothing else to offer.. . The story is shit. I didn't even get the story. There are just a bunch of lolis who act like some sort of spies but they don't do any spying, they just talk and walk and act cute. The plot is convoluted as hell. At first they save some old guy, then they get in contact with the Queen's assistant or some shit. Then there are a bunch of other spies too, but who the fuck knows what all of them are doing. ...
One of my favorite Manga to ever exist is Domestic na Kanojo (Domestic Girlfriend). Which had a very similar concept to this anime here, that being former lovers becoming step siblings, the only difference conceptually here there's only one stepsister. Which can be seen as an up or downgrade. My Stepmom's Daughter is my Ex takes this award-winning concept that has for some reason been used twice and offers a much more lighthearted and wholesome story than that of its counterpart. Which at the risk of sounding perverted, I would say is not as good of a way of writing this dynamic.. . The reason being, ...
A fantasy story with the worst kind of storytelling cliches, that is made only just bearable thanks to decent main characters.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 7/10. -----------------------------------------------. . Pretty standard anime fare.. . . Sound / Music / Voice Acting - 7/10. ...
6/10=FINE. Why?. So far the animation level is a beautiful example of how to enjoy an anime show but on the matter of the genre, shojo.... Well you can feel its that one type of Dandere shojo falling in love and growing out of its own misery only because she has a new "meaning". Cliche much? Yes...but on my personal level Miyo character desgin makes the only thing bearable as seeing her on screen with so many issues. I find it not a original anime but a delight on screen when it comes to animation and design.. Story wise? A "whatever" that combines with "I think I've seen ...
This was a... weird experience. Bludgeoning Angel Dokuro-Chan is the absolute form of absurdist comedy, the very concept boiled down to its distilled essence, discarding of any barriers to its multitude of oddities, like plot or pacing. The story is essentially nonexistent, and is more just the execution of an utterly bizarre concept. Furthermore, for lack of how else to categorize the coming descriptions, it is the strongest aspect of the anime as well. The premise is simple, yet anything but- an angel has come back in time from the future to protect the main character from other future angels which would seek to kill ...
This show was kinda underwhelming. Some of the ideas were fairly interesting but the characters and the chemistry between them wasn't all that great in my opinion. The main love interest girl Kouko is kinda unlikable all things considered. Her character never really grew on me which made the whole experience a lot less entertaining. She's just kinda dumb and obnoxious and while they do have scenes to redeem her character it just doesn't really hit. It's not like I think she's awful or something, she's just kind of annoying.. . The most interesting part of this show is the whole aspect with Banri and his amnesia. ...
If you thought Batman being transported to feudal Japan along side his friends and foes in order to guide a Bat-Clan of ninjas was over the top, the latter half of the movies will blow your mind with mech battles along the lines of Super Sentai.. . The animation is incredibly well done and very fluid; the artstyle is enjoyable although I wasn't sold on some of the character designs (Robin's is trash to me, but Joker, Catwoman and Harley look SO good). My main problem is that all of the weapons and main characters are animated in a 3D style but all japanese civilians are animated ...
Overcoming Rizz-deficiency.. . Our Dating Story: The Experienced You and The Inexperienced Me is another Light Novel “romcom” about another audience-insertable teenage loser being dragged kicking and screaming out of his shell by his crush who happens to be perfect in every way with a bit of a twist to that tired, worn-out formula. The teenage toilet paper person in question actually asks out his crush (forced to by his loser friends) and enters a relationship with her, and the perfect gyaru waifu doesn’t understand men very well and tends to skip to base four on the first date because of a misguided belief that that’s how ...
You can only truly enjoy this show if you're a fan of Panty & Stocking.. . That's a bit of an exaggeration, but I think it's true. I've never been one for otaku culture, so I can't speak for that aspect of the show's story, but I do love magical girls shows that subvert the typical genre. This show is essentially a parody of those type of magical girl shows, but it most heavily draws from Madoka★Magica and Panty & Stocking with Garterbelt. It does this to point where 2 of its main cast members are literally Stocking Anarchy and Madoka Kaname.. Blue almost looks identical to ...
I have to admit, this anime has very good and extraordinary visuals and animation. However, it has a story that I think is less interesting.. . I find it strange because almost all of the characters have tragic pasts. And too many sad flashbacks, no matter if it's the demon slayer or the demon. As if I felt forced to sympathize with them.. . But even so, I recommend this anime for people who are new or want to try watching anime, because the story of this anime is quite simple and easy to understand. Even though the story is quite cliche for me, it's still good to ...
It's one of those painfully mediocre series with small dialogue lines, that just break you apart.. . I don't know what to say about this one. The story is about this weird mystery system where good and evil are always fighting, always spawning out of nowhere because one of the other exists. The protagonists are the people seeking to solve these things, until the supernatural trusts itself to beat each other.. . I have to say, the story was just really mediocre for me. Characters don't follow that much logic, only serving as a medium for the story to continue endlessly until the end. A mystery is established, ...
I knew all along it won't live up to Initial D, but damn! I didn't expected it to be this bad.. . First: I swear Baku T1 ha more character than all the characters from this show. While Initial D was borderline seinen, this thing is bearly acceptable as a shounen.. . Then the the most important thing: The action! What the Fu.....! Initial D was THE MOST REALISTIC racing show I've ever seen (And read. The manga was especialy good, the anime messed up a few scenes, but it was still good), whereas the only thing worse than MFG I can think of was the GT ...
Huh, this one almost kept me watching but it's just... Meh. On one hand I quite like the animation/art style of the characters, feels like classic anime. However that's where the good things to say about the animation pretty much end, lol. Background art is low effort, and has that weird shiny look to it like it's glazed or plastic which clashes horribly with the character art. Story wise it's freakin' WEIRD, like weirder than FLCL or Kill La Kill imo. Also the fan service is just kind of gross, it's not the "oops I stumbled into your boobs" kind of fan service, thankfully, but ...
That is one of the many anime you expect a lot but in the end you are not satisfied.. . At first, I couldn’t be able to stop watching it, but later got bored, and at last, it attracted me again. The anime had been expected to run for 12 episodes, but it appears that the main character took more time than necessary to identify her intention from the outset.. . Unexpectedly, another person emerges, steals the plot, and usurps the entire story. Sadly, I was disappointed in the end. The other part of the character set underlines the annoying side of the same characters (you are the one ...
I like-no love black clover. I was even caught up to the manga for a while but tbh Most of the hype died down. I still love it but as I grow Old and Slow I want a anime that will go that same pace. The story is good the characters are fine I just wouldn't put my Stocks into this one. Especially with Tabata going tri-monthly I just don't feel the Gravity anymore. Will you enjoy it? Maybe. Did I enjoy it? Definitely. But I think it's not all it's lived up to be. God they want me to say more when that's all ...
Funny enough, I initially wanted to watch this because of a cool edit I saw on Instagram, the actual anime's a whole different story though. The animation was well done for the most part but could get questionable at times. —The fights were like this too, the choreography was just inconsistent, and characters felt like they were brake-dancing half the time.. . I did enjoy seeing Aya solve mysteries tho. But after deep inspection, I found that her skills were only as amazing as the plot wanted them to be. This is evident in how she brings up stuff that we "the audience" weren't shown. Nonetheless, ...
Based off of Astro Boy, Pluto is a story about a killer AI/ robot that turns on it's own kind. I think the show is very over rated based on other reviews and it's rating. I find it hilarious people are comparing this to the great works of Monster and Death Note. Plutos plot is very predictable at every step, the animation and music are average. The art is basic but the frame rate is good. The action scenes were quite bad, most of which take places hidden in smoke/clouds and you actually see nothing. Throughout the series there was not a single good fight. ...
This is a funny anime, I was very entertained.. The comedy is quite fresh for me, not excessive or weird.. . Intake of comedy anime is very suitable especially to clear your mind.. . What do people expect more from this anime?. . I mean, hey this is Jahy-sama's show.. You can't trivialize the show of the great being who is the second person in the hell realm hahaha! (jk). . ...
Hetalia is a bit like Wikipedia. There's lots of fun rabbit holes to go down, and plenty of cool information, but if you start believing without verifying and stop checking citations, you end up with a head full of rubbish. Also, you should probably make sure you're reading it in your native language.. . Hetalia: Axis Powers is a short anime adapted from a (mostly) 4-koma comedy manga. It is worth noting that 4-koma comedy manga are notably lacking from many historical textbooks - thus, I'm going to treat Hetalia as a comedy rather than as an educational or historical series, and given how frequently it flubs ...
Bleh, overly glossy/shiny, and the saturation slider was cranked to 100. I do like the art but I need sunglasses to watch this anime. Don't even get me started on the MC, those eyes are over designed and distracting. Dunno why they couldn't just give her normal eyes, it reminds me of the mid 00s bug eyes in a way. Nothing to write home about with the music, pretty generic. Plot seemed interesting, but with just 3 episodes and MAL forcing me to write something about it to give my opinion well, what is there to say? Historically the first episode had quite a few ...
The premise is good, but the execution not so much.. . As a possession enjoyer, I'm hooked on the premise but left feeling just as I was when I was getting to this anime. Tho, I enjoy every fan interaction in this series. Yes, those are some of the best ones, in any anime. It's the charm of this anime. Not the MC but the SC that fangirling over their oshi.. . Oh and also kudos to the one who has the idea to make every episode have a unique outro. It had charm to it and I'm actually enjoy listening to all of the song.. . Overall - 5.9
I suppose it was my mistake to start with the "original" series; it ended up clouding my entire viewing experience. Honestly, I hadn't even planned on watching Brotherhood. If I hadn't seen the "original" first, I might have given Brotherhood a solid 7. The notion that this anime should be considered the "Top 1" is a bit absurd. I understand it's a matter of personal preference, but the contrived "happy ending" felt incredibly artificial to me. It might have been acceptable for a 2009 anime, where everything had to wrap up neatly, but given the losses and genuinely sad moments, the ending didn't make sense.. . Furthermore, ...
Underwhelming. For all the praises I see regarding this series, it simply doesn’t live up to the hype. Although it isn’t exactly a mindless gore galore, I can’t exactly say this has a “good” story either.. . In this anime, we have this protagonist, Akira Fudo, who’s a huge crybaby, and I mean it, he gets extremely sentimental especially for those who he cares about, and has been like this for his entire life. He has this friend, Ryo Asuka, who one day decides to take him to some sort of demon party orgy with the goals of transforming his friend into a devil, and succeeded. Although ...
Part of my "Rewatch all the Manga Entertainment UK we used to have on VHS", watching them in chronological order.. This has been one of the weaker entries so far.. . Art - it's a weird mix of lifelike and Lupin/Harlock comical - very 80s.. . Story - the base idea is "Evil Wizard just wants to take over the city" - No real reason given, he's just evil.. The rest of it is shallow just carrier. It's got a large amount of "Edgelord" about it - not quite Goblin Slayer or Urotsukidoji, but it does it in a much lighter way. There's some nice set pieces in amongst it ...
This is that brand of high school romance where the indecision and drama is forced and protracted to the point of frustration. Most of the characters work. I liked FL's friends, though the karate/wrestling dojo father of a tomboy is extremely cliche. There must be 10 anime with that exact same character. The pacing in this is pretty similar to Nozaki-kun but with a successful confession at the end. However, this feels almost in every scene to be copying some other anime, given how suffused with tropes it is. I don't really think I could point to a single unique thing about it, besides maybe ...
Tales of Zestiria the Cross, a video game adaptation that doesn't quite nail what is needed to being a good anime.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 9/10. -----------------------------------------------. . If there's a high point for the show, it's the high production values. Ufotable is known for their high quality art and animations, and this show is no different. The show looks beautiful. The action scenes flashy. Though it is a little dragged down by sub-par build ups and resolutions. Though I'll put that on the weak videogame foundation.. . . Sound / Music / Voice Acting - 9/10. ...
I really liked the upbeat OP but the content felt very stream-of-consciousness ala Japanese humour.. . It was pretty funny at times. I especially liked the karaoke scenes and references to other animes. In many ways it reminds me of a funnier, cuter Pop Team Epic. If you enjoy either of these things you will probably enjoy this anime.. . There is no story or plot to speak of but the art style was fun, bright, and loud. The characters are really cute but did not have enough development for me to become invested in them.. . For me, I need more of a story and more ...
Okay, as a person who read the ending the of manga first, I believe this was a bit better than what I was expecting. That is not to say it was what I wanted to see. In both this and the manga the ending of aot felt rushed, granted this feels version explains more on Ymir, Eren, and Mikasa interactions. The anime additions make the pace feel slow, extremely slow. AOT is a slightly above average story after you read/watch it, but as you are progressing through it for the first time it's a masterpiece. This is from the large amount of information not exposed ...
Season 1 made magic out of nothing. You could tell that the source material was... well it was nothing. Interesting setup followed by people with no personality talking to each other passively and about not much. But somehow, season 1 was really good.. . Season 2, on the other hand, the source material is actual dogwater. No amount of magic can lift it up from its unfortunate source material. Maybe we can give the source material credit for at least trying to be something instead of nothing but clearly the author doesn't have the writing chops for it.. . It feels like it should be a mature-ish show ...
Mashle is an above-average shounen series that, while predictable, has a good amount of charm. The anime focuses heavily on comedy, proving largely successful and well-timed. The series also emphasizes its parody nature heavily in the earlier episodes, tapering off as the season concludes and transitioning into a standard battle shounen. The anime is well-animated, and the character designs have a distinct look. However, Mashle doesn't offer much to set it apart in a genre already saturated with similar titles. The series plays it extremely safe, following in the established footsteps of other series. While the first season is enjoyable, it will be interesting to ...
This series is unapologetically mediocre, to say the least. First, let's start with the art. The art isn't breathtaking per se, but is very visually pleasing. It complements the story along with its world and characters extremely well. Unfortunately, I can't say the same thing for the story. Long story short, it's convoluted. Emotional scenes carry no merit, I don't know whether to laugh or cringe half the time. This show also has a weird fixation on Vanitas and Noe, plot twist it ain't no JoJo bromance (but the friendship is there). The show quite literally ships them despite both having an obvious love interest. ...
Fushigi no Umi no Nadia is a series marred by an abrupt mid-season change in direction that disrupts the established quality and tone. This deviation spans roughly 10 episodes, constituting approximately a quarter of the entire anime, which somewhat detracts from the overall experience. Setting that aside, the narrative is reasonably well-crafted, albeit with a few plot holes and an increasing reliance on exposition in the later episodes. The characters, while relatively straightforward, are overshadowed by the anime's heavy thematic emphasis. The initial episodes exude a strong sense of adventure, harmonizing effectively with the more dramatic and action-driven scenes in the conclusion. Overall, Fushigi no ...
Last review got deleted and I have given up, so I'll just sum up my issues with it and that's it.. . Charcacters:. Except for the one who plays the drums, they are all uninteresting and have next to no chemestry. The group feels like they are total strangers to each other, which makes sense since only two of them know each other, but I didn't feel it like that so I don't care.. I'll just mention bocchi because the others can be summed up in a sentence. Blue hair is cool mysterious gal, red hair is a normie with a golden heart or something like that and ...
If it wasn’t for the first season, I probably would have dropped this early on.. . As many people have said Studio Kafka has not recreated the stunning visuals and music of Season 1 like Studio Wit did, which really has let me down, as although the premise of the show is alright, and seems to be trying to future proof the world, it doesn’t really capture the fantasy and wonder that Season 1 brought, and instead feels more like a magic university where the only reason you would watch being the small dramas between characters and because you like the world.. . S1 of Ancient Magnus’s Bride was ...
I am really not sure what to say about this anime. I have mixed feelings when it comes to it.. . I am not sure if i should recomment it or not, as an ecchi genre enjoyer i really liked it but I cannot say it is the best thing i have ever seen. The jokes were pretty sexual but I guess that`s what makes ecchi anime ecchi.. . Overall, the MC as usual is a boring, bland guy without a personality and all the girls that are in love with him have some kind of personality and unique style.. . The story is kinda boring and it ...
Disappointed with this ending💔😭. . I wish the creator would change the ending. I enjoyed the previous episodes so much, but I felt betrayed by how Eren’s friends turned against him. I know it was all Eren’s plan and he wanted to die and make his friends heroes. But there were many other ways too. There was no need to start the rumbling and kill people in the first place. Then he wouldn’t have been forced to take that decision. He loved Mikasa with all his heart, and he even confessed it, but she still killed him. The war didn’t end either. They showed that the ...
"Kakegurui" is an anime that promised to be a psychological thriller centered around gambling games but ultimately turns out to be a disappointment filled with repetitiveness.. . The protagonist, Yumeko Jabami, is a compulsive gambler with no goal other than to bet money on increasingly absurd and improbable games. Her personality is inconsistent and poorly developed. The other characters are stereotypical and lacking charisma, and their games often rely on trivial tricks or arbitrary rules. Furthermore, it can be said that all the characters are the same, as they all share the same obsession with gambling and a sadomasochistic attitude towards it. None of them think or ...
I don't know what's happen , but I hate it .. the most important thig in anime is the animation right?. the animation in this season very bad it just like watching manga with color and voice over .. "THERE IS NO ANIMATION AT ALL".. . at least give me the same quality of Captain Tsubasa 2018.. the last episode 6 about a match, I couldn't see any pass where the ball was moving, it's just like that "BAM" the ball with other player.. . anyway I like the story , the technology they put (smart phones & big TV) , relationships between characters, the opening and how they use same ending ...
To be honest, it wasn`t as bad as i thought it would be. I usually do not have any expectations when it comes to old hyped animes because I feel like people usually talk because they are nostalgic, not because it is actually that good. It is not a bad anime but it is not that good either. The artstyle is good tho, and the gore was really intriguing.. . Given the fact that there are only 5 episodes, i barely had time to get used to its style. I do not know if this anime is actually worth watching or not, but having only 5 episodes, ...
I loved the first 4 episodes, Mystery, Dark humor and the chemistry between the characters is what drew me in, But when the Lupin arc started I just lost interest, sure the characters were interesting but I like when the mystery is unraveled in a way where you as the viewer are amazed at how it unfolds. I don't like that they were trying to chase lupin down for three episodes, there wasn't much mystery at all, I feel like they made it too big of a setting, it just doesn't feel right to me. I'm not dunking on the anime, I dropped it, but ...
After almost a decade AoT came to it's conclusion, if you either did or didn't like these last seasons you still have to admit that this anime has become iconic in it's way and will (if it still hasn't) become an all time classic. The narration is the usual from the last seasons and the animation is good for the time the studio had, having some scenes that are better and some that are worse. But what really made us stick to this story is the bond that we made with these characters that come to their conclusion and this last two episodes don't fail ...
I grew up watching <i>Detective Conan</i>. It´s probably one of the reasons why I enjoy thrillers so much.. . Despite that, I have never seen one of the movies. I am still a bit dumbfounded that there even are 26 movies and the anime is still running. Yes, he apparently still is a child.. <I>The Time Bombed Skyskraper</i> was a mixed experience for me. I enjoy the atmosphere <I>Detective Conan</i> creates and the theme song is as iconic as the <I>James Bond</i> theme, but something was missing here.. The plot is super predictable and you know who the culprit is immediately after he is introduced. There ...
The journey up till now has been nothing short of a masterpiece, following this anime for so long, just for it to end up in the dumpster has been nothing short of disappointing, to say the least.... Watching a man build up an excellent story for a decade or more, just to throw it all away because of burnout/other reasons has been a sad sight, but not an unique scenario.. After so many rumors of Isayama changing the ending a few times, it's truly a shame that we did not get to witness his actual vision.... . The animation, voice acting and sound design were all absolutely top-tier, ...
Kind of a let down.. What worked for this show was the spectacle, having genuinely entertaining twists and it seeming like it would have something insightful to say eventually--ultimately it didn’t. In some ways maybe it tried to have elements of something like Evangelion’s avant-garde ending, and again lacked the actual emotional insight that had.. . The fighting lacked stakes and just felt empty like a bland blockbuster's climactic battle where more enemies supposedly makes it better. The addition of the political conspiracy stuff in season two did end up working by season three, but it’s gotta have the dark fantasy tragedy action to go with ...
Finally had Ipeak is over.. . Awl 7aja I animation makantch khayba wmakantch mzyana fnefs Iw9t 7it Mappa could've done more better animation for a time it consumed to make just an hour long episode. Knt kantsna ma7sn... Kima kan3rfo bli kayn Good ideas,an interesting plot,wlkn ruined by a bad development of characters,a protagonist ma3rfch lauthor dyalo iktbo mzyan unfortunately bla mandwe 3lih gha khlini saket.armin is a hypocrite.mikasa still a slave for eren untill the death.the main characters became worthless and achieved nothing.. . Wlkn goliya this is the ending you really wanted?? hhhhh, This is the ending one of the greatest animes ever made deserved? Wa7d lw9ita,l ...
This review doesn't contain spoilers for the last two episodes, but there will possibly be spoilers for previous seasons.. . So, the most popular anime of our time just ended. And unfortunately it ended in a way I wouldn't exactly describe as great. This series introduced me, like many others, to the medium of anime and as a whole, it is still among my favorites. So of course I wanted the ending to be great. But it just wasn't. I don't hate it per se, it's not the worst ending ever, and I'm still not entirely sure how I feel about it, but given how great this ...
I'm glad it's over.. . I haven't liked Shingeki no Kyojin's story ever since the big reveal at the end of Season 3. I felt that direction was a massive letdown from where the story was taking us at that point; and even though yes all of the hints were there, I felt that taking the show in the direction it went stripped it of a lot of the best things that made it what it was in the early goings of the series. Going in the direction that the show went turned most of the themes it was trying to discuss into repeats of themes ...
It's an enjoyable movie, but it relies too much on it's source material.. Gridman Universe has a Super Smash Bros Ultimate attitude to writing. Everyone Is Here. Remember this character? Well, they are participating. Remember this powerup? It's being used again. A lot of the runtime of this movie is taken up with repeating exciting moments from the previous two seasons and letting every character show off all of their powers and abilities. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, but it makes the whole thing overstay it's welcome a bit. After a while, I looked at the runtime and got surprised how much of it was ...
This movie is so unbelievably strange.. Let's start with the positives; it is a pretty good film. The art style is captivating, especially with the use of light and shadows throughout. It's a beautifully fantastical world with so many twists. Watching the characters grow as they interact with each other is really great. Overall I did enjoy watching it.. But there are so many scenes where I felt like I had to physically stop the film just to comprehend what the heck is happening. Just rattling off there's a scene where a little adorable cat is eaten by a creature in a really gorgeous and ...
So we're nearly halfway through the season and it seems that the directional take has changed significantly since the 1st season. I totally prefer this season compared to the last season, the story and animation feels more colorful and dynamic. From the 1st season, it seems the character development of Naofumi and Raphtalia increased greatly and their parties and allies as well that the focus is more on the world building and fixing the weak heros cause all of them got taken hostage last season so obviously really weak.. . I have high-hopes the end half of the season will be much better, cause I feel ...
This is without a doubt the isekai trash you think it is.. . And yet there was something something uniquely enjoyable about it…. . The protagonist is a little bit more raw than most adding a charm to an otherwise typical plot.. . For those familiar with Konosuba you can draw clear parallels between Kazuma and Leon (this show’s MC). . But really outside of that and a couple unique world-building elements this is a weakly animated show with face-palm inducing dialogue.. . This is all to say, the show isn’t unwatchable. Just make sure you’re looking forward to mindless anime plot drivel with a fun protagonist and some quirks throughout. ...
I am not going to lie, but ecchi anime is my guilty pleasure and i usually watch the most cursed things i can find because i enjoy them.. . But Prison School was a different breed. As it was my first ecchi anime I have ever seen, I have mixed feelings about it. A part of me loves it to the core and to this day i think about some moments and I find them funny, but the other part was really weirded out so bad I wanted to stop watching anime whatsoever. But as I said, mixed feelings since i saw it a long time ago ...
"Shokugeki no Souma: Ni no Sara" fires up the stove for more cooking showdowns. It's a feast of epic battles, but if you're hoping for a side dish of friendship feels, this season might leave you a bit hungry. It's like they dialed up the heat on competitions but forgot to add the secret sauce of deeper themes. 😕 However, the endgame spices things up when Yukihira faces the need for speed – something every real cook can relate to when the kitchen's on fire. ⏱️🔥. . The story's a bit of a familiar recipe - cooking battles galore - but hey, if you're a fan of ...
I loved the first season because it felt magical. However, I felt this second season part 1 was a totally different story with "visiting" characters. I haven't finish reading the manga, so maybe there is a point to the change from a fantasy/romance story to a gakuen/fantasy story. However, the shift was not positive or to my liking. I'm still going to give a try to season 2 part 2, but I have no high hopes based on this one. It is not hat the story is bad, it is just a complete 180 from the original series, like 2 completely separate stories. The first ...
I dont know the series looked promising when i saw the trailer and just even with reading the sinopsis i feel its gonna catch the interest of more than one person but after finishing this adaptation of the work "phoenix" from osamu tekuza i really think that wasnt really good.. . 4 episodes its just very little to narrate an compelling story, characters like romy who its the main character on the series and her realization or even her traveling to find the earth along the episodes is too superficial sure it has a couple of touching moments but even those lose a lot of ...
I'm going to be real and say this anime is not exactly what I thought it was.. Seeing how many edits and album cover with Lain out there, including its 2000s catchy English opening, it left me really overhyped, thinking it'll be the same next-level abstract fuckery as Evangelion and Madoka Magica. The message is certainly there, in fact, it provoked a lot of philosophical discussion of gadgets and technologies' effects on modern-day. It has its own unique concept, and the message should be clear, yet its own way of storytelling is.. certainly confusing. The messages and the moral issues addressed in the anime are a ...
In my opinion, the unnecessarily over-sexualisation of the characters was a huge disappointment. I don't want to be too harsh, but if you're looking for a fun, action-centred anime featuring female leads with strong personalities and amusing dynamics this was - almost - it. Again, I feel like most of its good traits are being overshadowed by the excessive sexual emphasis.. . The anime itself had a lot of potential; great animation, an interesting plot and character relationships, with each character having their own quirks. Visually, the art style is attractive and suits the genre perfectly which is what stood out to me the most.. . I ...
It's one of the "Damn, I've seen/read the novel/manga version and this didn't match the expectation" animes.. Maybe it's the budgeting that couldn't fit in all the funny scenes or perhaps it's just poor decision-making on what to alter in general despite it having 20 episodes, but once watching the anime, it definitely cooled my excitement a lot right from the get-go.. . The gist of the story is centered around a boy who never outgrew his chunnibyou-phase, but miraculously managed to obtain powers that transcend human limits after his truck-kun isekai to pursue a higher and ultimate version of edge lords.. It's intentionally cringy, that's what makes it ...
• 5 TOTAL HOURS OF FLASHBACKS. • meandering episodic side-quests that add nothing to the story. • characters who do nothing but have panic attacks right before an important piece of information is about to be revealed. • a villain who's adept at mind-control and getting people to kill themselves...because he has a way with words?. • all attempts to kill villain thwarted by characters that possess an inability to make actual plans and/or a (infuriatingly cliche) psychological or physical inability to kill someone. • sulking protagonist whose ultimate fate remains a point of indifference due to a lack of emotional investment...after a painstaking 74 episodes. • ladyboy anna leibert. • "let's ...
the series up to this point is actually quite good. passable as anime that watched after all of your main anime series is watched. but could be better if the character setup a bit better. welp anime is anime. over the top settings like high school dxd is always here and there and its still a good anime. the male protag is fine, the same typical behaviour as the tenshi next door. and the story a bit more or less the same as my girlfriend is gyaru anime and typical romantic anime.. The main rant is the female protag. ehmm...how do i say this u ...
"High-Rise Invasion" is an anime adapted from the manga "Sky Violation." The series tells the story of Yuri, a high school student who finds herself in a world of skyscrapers connected by suspended bridges, where she must escape from masked men who want to kill her or make her commit suicide. Her goal is to reach the tallest tower in the city, where she hopes to find her older brother.. . The anime presents itself as a thriller, horror, and splatter with elements of action and mystery, but it fails to convince for several reasons.. First of all, I'll start with a small rant: the ending of the ...
This one started out really strong. I was all in for a "kill them all" type anime. And it seemed like that's what we'd get. It was easy to get invested in the demise of the human race. They were horrible. The humans were jealous creatures that hated witches because they were not as powerful as them, so sought to destroy them. They hated magic. They used science to overcome the magic and the witches. However, within a few episodes, the humans attacks seemed more like magic than the actual witches. Their techniques would be hard to ...
It's not offensively bad, but it's not good either. While animation and sound design are well done story itself is lacking, not to mention main character who is so devoid of any defining features am surprised he's not translucent. I get it, it's meant to be power fantasy and his motivation is a simple one to get behind. For first season this worked to a degree and with some edgy and perhaps questionable events it managed to keep my attention until the end. Hope was that it will develop into mature and serious show. In reality it went nowhere.. . Second season is pretty much more ...
Thermae Romae Novae is an unusual series that I can’t quite recommend despite enjoying it to some extent. I watched it with my partner and we enjoyed it enough to finish it, at least.. . In this series our main character is a bathhouse architect named Lucius Modestus. Every episode, he finds himself stuck on a certain aspect of his work, like writer’s block but for architects. Without fail, he manages to fall into a bath, moat, pond or similar and gets transported to a bath in Japan. Upon his arrival he does some exploration and examines everything that is foreign to him. With this fresh inspiration ...
Short cyberpunk OVA. The thing that stood out the most was the ambiance and environment. The story is just whatever, very whacky and all over the place. Half serious and half comedy.. . Unfortunately, like some other hentai from this era, it's unfinished. They definitely had planned for a 3rd episode; it really breaks my heart :(. . Sex scenes were a bit disgusting. Art and animation were also hit-and-miss; it's actually surprising how much it varies in quality, almost as if it was intended.. . Can't really give this a passing 7, but I did enjoy watching it otherwise. Another one for the fans of obscure vintage OVAs.
Bungou Stray Dogs Season 5 also known as the embodiment of Deus Ex Machina, starts to overstay its welcome with the excessive plot twists. On top of giving too much screen time to Atsushi who continues to be 100% irrelevant.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 9/10. -----------------------------------------------. . The show continues to look great. Great scenery art and solid action animations.. . . Sound / Music / Voice Acting - 9/10. ...
It's a definite attempt at a tongue in cheek parody of isekai power fantasy trash.. . However that level of tongue in cheek only works to a point in this show. They don't commit to it and to make it work as the show goes on. After the early episodes it stops being funny how absurdly over the top it is and just becomes over the top with some comedy aspects. As after the first 5 episodes or so the show loses the intention to mock itself and replaces it with occasional comedy plots/character which is just much weaker.. . So ultimately it becomes a slightly funny over ...
My Review of We are Pretty Cure Max Heart. . Misumi Nagisa aka Cure Black is still the same Tom boy as season one that is also a lacrosse player, which fine I guess , she still have her brother with her in some episodes. . . Yukishiro Honoka aka Cure White is still the smart one which is also fine I guess , this season 2 isn’t the best at giving the characters something new to their personality. . The new Cure Kujou Hikari aka Shiny Luminous , she the kind girl of the 3 and is the first ever Pink Cure , even if Toei calls her ...
I feel I have to clarify it before putting my thoughts into this review. I'm not into idols, I don't listen to them, I don't buy their merch, and I don't want to become an idol. Sometimes I pick some niche show so it could accommodate me with something personal that mainstream shows usually can't. I chose Revue Starlight despite its genre because it seemed to have some meta aspect in contrast to almost every other idol show and because the movie made enough noise for me to notice and eventually pick this tv series.. . From the very beginning the show demonstrate its weird and, in ...
Darn this would have been an easy 10 if it was traditionally animated. They went so hard on the stills, the static background art of the city scape, and character art style, but then just gave up everywhere else... Pluto is plagued by soulless CGI cars, CGI hallways, CGI buildings, utterly horrendous CGI fire/weather/special effects, and strange weightless uncanny movement when characters are doing simple things like walking. Seriously, there is a scene in the first episode of Gesicht walking and it looks like some slapstick 1930s character sliding along on a glass floor making whacky wailing flailing movements. Also the lighting is inconsistent to ...
Kinda fell off overall. I was really invested from the first episode until episode 8, but I just feel like this show suffers from the classic Iseki tropes that plague the genre. There were no substances that would make one continue watching after the world was fleshed out and you met all of the important characters. After that, it's just another show that does not make itself different from the others. I also think that as a result of the timing of this show's release, with so many other, really good and really anticipated shows being released around the same time, it has gotten washed ...
This show was always just a degen isekai at its core but it made up for it with very good worldbuilding, realistic characters and engaging turning points. In this season it felt like just your generic boring isekai with a lot of fan service and relationships that didnt feel realistic in the slightest. Don't get me wrong the story was always degenerate and would go this direction no matter what. It's just that everything beyond the story that I felt was good about the show just wasn't there anymore. Basically its the mushoku tensei universe but just fan service isekai and not many redeeming qualities ...
This show is both really bad and pretty good.. . If you're used to modern shows and you haven't yet fallen down the rabbit hole that is Fate, I don't think there's much of a chance you'll enjoy this show. The animation is (again, through a modern lens) rather mediocre. It's not a complete trainwreck, but it is notably dated. Other than that, the pacing feels odd, and the story overall progresses rather slow. I get that it's the point sometimes, but this show had significantly more slideshows and repetition than was necessary to carry the point across. And while that's true of some parts, some ...
The God of High School has a banger OP. As for the rest of it, it's....okay. I could see good reason to drop this after the first few eps. In the end, I actually wasn't as disappointed as some people clearly are. This anime fails at the most important things that create great anime. However, I didn't hate it. I hated the story, most characters, and the pacing, but somehow It entertained me enough to stick with it. I've seen much worse anime, so in comparison, God of High School gets a pass, barely.. . Animation 8/10. - Pretty decent ...
What can I say other than... it was just okay? It's fine if you've got nothing better to do and want to see a few little extra omake-like bits for the original hanako, but honestly most of the humor was lost on me. Very quick and short little bits that mainly revolve around the little mokke, sometimes a little of something else. All it really did was make me miss the first season and wish for more story again.. . Either way. Art is on point. Seeing the characters you miss is great. But you're not missing anything important or all that fun anyways. At least the ...
This anime is kind of just above average. Nothing about this show does is bad, however none of it is really good, just above average.. . So now this will be an op and ed review instead because mal won't let me publish this without a minimum word requirement but they don't specify. . OP:. The first 10 seconds of this op gives me Clannad op vibes, and it's ok, Clannad ops are pretty outdated in terms of quality and flow.(except the last 20 seconds of after story's op the flow is incredible) The opening is very subtle, the vocals and the instrumental, and it's pretty good. My main ...
If my experience with this anime had to be summarized by one word, it would be: disappointment.. . The series starts off with a rock solid premise: the Abyss, a giant hole through the earth filled with valuable artifacts, uninimaginable creatures and realities beyond human comprehension. A city was built around this mysterious void on the surface and Divers are adventuring towards what seems to be the center of the earth, with their journey becoming increasingly difficult the deeper they go. A story about a giant abyss very reminiscent of Dante's journey through the nine circles of Hell, with a side of archaeology and a good amount ...
I give it 5/10. It has a good story, but the execution seems to be lacking I guess. Even when I really focus to understand the story I still left with no idea in some part of the story and some just outright happened without any explanation. The inconsistent timing of fast pace and slow pace scene also making it more confusing than it already is.. . The story it self is good which is the reason why I watch all 12 episode, but the execution really bring the anime down in my opinion.. . The fans of Mekakucity Actors seems to be telling people to read the ...
I will keep it as short as possible. If you are looking for a short version, read the last paragraph.. . Looking at the cover image and reading the short resume, I was given the impression that the series would be somewhat different than what it really is. Sakon on the cover image, and even Ukon with a bit of a dumb expression both look mysterious in a way like they have their own shocking secrets and the series would be more like xxxHolic where there's one big overarching story arc and mini arcs in between that will feel like some intense, thrilling mystery, but instead it ...
Knight's & Magic (2017). . Who just stands still when a car is hurling towards them, like literally take 3 steps forward or just don't stop?. . For a show made in 2017, it honestly feels much older than that in the way it looks. Also using the Infinite Stratos style ending with the running is classic.. . The show whilst entertaining completely moves away from the monsters quite quickly. Instead of an amazing protagonist, you have your normal Isekai with many holes. The main character was a programmer, not an engineer, designer, or someone particularly knowledgeable of combat, and yet here he is the master of everything and still ...
Etotama has many unique qualities. The chibi-style 3D fights are genuinely impressive, and the CG and traditionally animated scenes are both fantastic. Paired with a really good OP/ED, and some decently funny meta comedic bits, creates a decent package that won't blow anyone away. However, my mixed feelings come from its laser focus on one or two characters, while neglecting its wonderful cast.. . The main characters are decently explored, with enough exposition to drive some motivation to watch from episode to episode. As the theme suggests, this is very much a gag/comedy focused anime. It is incredibly light hearted with no real stakes. There is some ...
Both a great and difficult series. Great characters, mediocre romance & a ending that is meant to get you to go to the manga.. . - Firstly, I marked mixed because it may not be to everyone's taste as its not necessarily a romance anime in the traditional sense. So think about that before starting the anime. -. . It's hard to explain, this show doesn't do fan-service and dumb drama, but it fails at actually ending the arcs in the anime. This is entirely made to have the viewer go to the manga to finish the story, or have another season, but assuming this came out in 2014, ...
Vivy is good, not great, but could have been great, given proper bake time in the oven. So often we see titles do this half-baked effort, and it's so unfortunate, because under this half-baked series, is a good premise. Idols aren't my thing, but I gave this a shot, and off the bat I was ready to binge the rest. I did so, and unfortunately, the world, and the story, are underdeveloped. Vivy doesn't get proper character growth, the story is everywhere almost episodic like Violet Evergarden, but not as removed as VE was from its main story. The series ...
This review is written in 2 parts, the first being my review as someone who didn't know anything about the Sakura Taisen series, and the second being my review as newly made fan of the series.. . This review is honestly pretty hard to write, because the Sakura Taisen anime is a pretty decent show all things considered, but it's the first anime I ever watched that made me feel like I had to do homework in order to get the full enjoyment it deserves. Being a spinoff loosely based on the games, they take advantage of this and assume that the viewer has already played ...
Mushoku Tensei delivers a compelling narrative and top-tier animation, making each Sunday’s new episode a must-watch. The main considerable flaw being the MC’s occasional gross behavior, which honestly does nothing for the story.. This review applies up to S2 part 1 of the show.. . The plot is engaging, and it’s the only show that had me consistently tuning in every week right when new episodes dropped. World building is top notch and you actually get enough depth to really learn about the world around the characters.. . Most characters add complexity and depth, except for Rudeus. His occasional inappropriate and out-of-place behavior not only adds nothing ...
Succeeding at realizing and utilizing their parent's story's potential, Pluto aims even higher than any height Astro Boy could ever fly into. But can they also be humbled down at the same low Astro Boy had fallen to be so relatable for all of us? I don't think so... . This is easily one of the matureest anime i've ever seen. The concept itself shouted loudly to let everybody know that we should take them seriously. But this seriousness could be very deceiving, because it makes some people overlook the conveniences that they took, and then easily throw 10/10 just because it's different.. . There are some glaring issues ...
The worst entry in the Konosuba franchise besides the specials. The biggest issue with this prequel to the main story is the lack of chemistry with Megumin and everyone else. She doesn't have Kazuma to keep her in check so her ego goes wild without being held accountable. What makes the main line story work is how all the characters are self centered stooges but their shittyness cancels each other out as they end up tripping over each other as they fail upwards. This show has none of that. Honestly Megumin was best girl from the main series but here she just comes across as ...
Really enjoyed it great story telling, people definitely die if they are killed.. . Cons the ending was so Lacklustre and BORING. The CGI dragon.... i mean COME ON???. . Watched it first then watch the ufotable version.. . For the year it was released 2006 art style was surprisingly good it definitely looked unique (apart from the crappy dragon) 6/10. . If you want to see where fate started give this a go, theres also a movie which i really enjoyed only slight differences between the deen movie and ufotable series (berserker prime example) Obviously series is longer and better quality.. ...
Well, this is an interesting one. I enjoyed it as someone whose favorite trope in media is modern technology interacting with other worlds who all have no experience with modern technology. While it was entertaining and kept me interested, it has one giant flaw. It's literally just military propaganda.. . I don't know that there's a single moment in this anime where the JSDF is portrayed negatively. Meanwhile, every other country is portrayed as greedy and dying to steal rights to the other world and its resources from Japan, because apparently Japan is an omnipotent benevolent power that should be allowed to do whatever they want. There's ...
It was quite enjoyable to watch, the animations, voices, and drama were great to appreciate, but in the final part of the anime, it started to become confusing and didn't make any sense. Apparently, there won't be a second season, so it was a mediocre anime without a clear resolution.. . Anime with a focus on virtual reality games used to be cool at the beginning, but today, it's becoming increasingly tiresome and repetitive to watch. People may like it for its simplicity, but the animation and the integration of AI into the plot felt somewhat disjointed. . A 7/10 rating because it was straightforward and didn't surprise in ...
"Joshiochi! 2-kai kara Onnanoko ga... Futtekita!?" is an anime series that boldly dives into the realm of adult humor, relationships, and the awkwardness that accompanies teenage sexuality. This anime, although not for everyone due to its explicit content, caters to audiences looking for a blend of comedy and risqué situations.. . The storyline follows the misadventures of a group of high school friends, exploring their burgeoning sexual curiosity and the challenges that come with navigating romantic relationships. What sets this anime apart is its unapologetic approach to addressing the awkward and often humorous moments of adolescence. The plot, while primarily comedic, also delves into the emotional intricacies ...
The anime feels like watching an episode of Black Mirror, only shorter. There are always one or two stories told in each of the 12 episodes. Sometimes with a clear ending, but sometimes with an open ending. Almost all of the stories are about supernatural events that lead to the death of at least one person. Interesting stories, but unfortunately too little empathy. Unfortunately, because the episodes are so short, the endings of the story come very quickly and it seems rough and almost boring in parts because you don't get a connection to the characters.. In itself a cool concept, but it would have been ...
Detroit Metal City was a neat experience. Can't really use any other description that will live up to that 8.10 MAL score. I thought that Detroit Metal City was funny at times, but having a score that high is funnier than the show itself. By the way, I might be switching back and forth between "Detroit Metal City" and "DMC" throughout this review. If I'm referring to the anime itself, I'll say "Detroit Metal City." If I'm referring to the band, I'll say "DMC.". Souichi, our main character, is a sweet young man. I'm assuming he's in his early twenties based on context clues. He moves ...
DECEVANT, pas à la hauteur des saisons précédentes.. L'idée de les faire jouer "la génération miracle" ensemble est super et cela est plutôt bien fait pendant le match ; on retrouve les "pouvoirs" habituels qui sont cools à revoir.. Mis à part ça, j'ai pas beaucoup aimé. J'ai rien ressenti de particulier, tout était prévisible, les dialogues sont inintéressants/peu réfléchi (ils sont parfois débiles) et il n'y a rien en particulier de remarquable ou quelque chose comme ça. L'histoire est quelconque mais par contre l'animation reste de bonne qualité, à l'image de l'anime.. . Voilà, je trouve que c'est dommage de conclure une belle série sur un film moyen ...
I would say its pretty good compared to what other people say however, it can easily fall flat on its face if the next season doesn't do a good a job finishing the story. I feel like a lot of people don't like it because its slow, not to the point, and is more of a weird teen mystery story before anything else. It has weird sexual themes that honestly take a back seat real fast or i just stopped noticing it because it doesn't really matter by the end.. . The story feels very muddy but it has its moments and I want to know more. ...
***AT LEAST WATCH THE FIRST EPISODE***. . When I watched the first episode of “Fumetsu no Anata e”, I was speechless. It was perfect and I loved everything about it. It was a 10/10 for me and was so perfect that I don't know if any other first episode ever has hooked me so fast. The story and storytelling was perfect, the animation was perfect and it was like a short animated movie that could exist on its own.. . But as much as it hurts me to say it, the show just got worse from that point on. And i’m talking about everything, the story, the animation ...
This could've very easily been a 20 minute episode. There is constant filler and jokes that stretch on and on and fucking on even though they are not THAT funny and the animation while very good is mostly on the same level as the TV anime.. . I get it, it's the 60th anniversary and they wanted to do something special but...this "special" is rather mediocre.. . It isn't all that bad though, the plot is alright and the twist was hilarious. Todomatsu has some really golden moments and even the Riceballs got to shine, ngl I expected them to fade into the background after their screen time ...
Epic Cyberpunk Rap Battles of History.. . Whenever an anime has “the Animation” as a part of its title, I immediately brace myself and assume that the anime will be bad. However, Paradox Live the Animation completely blew my expectations out of the water with its first episode.. . Set in a cyberpunk future, rappers use accessories that can create almost magical illusionary phantoms linked to their emotions to enhance their performances. Unfortunately these “Phantom Metals” have the nasty side effect of subjecting the user to intense versions of their past traumas possibly destroying them psychologically.. . The show follows hip-hop unit BAE made up of music lover Allen, rich ...
If you are a fan of mecha shows that have a military background story focused on war and very little romantic elements(though the romance is kinda forced), and you enjoy handrawn animation that is really good, great soundtrack, creative creature and mecha designs, and a big cast well developed characters that live in a large and mysterious world where the majority of the events that happen aren't explained well to give you a false sense of "mystery", then you'll probably like this show. Be aware though that even after the show ends, most of the worldbuilding aspects of this show are left unexplained.
SPOILER FREE. . Hayao Miyazaki's "final movie" was a disappointment.. . The story was very weirdly paced, quite slow in the beginning and almost rushed towards the end.. The biggest issue being how vague it was. For the vast majority of the movie you do not know where it wants to go.. And when you finally reach the goal it feels pointless.. Okay sure, it's not about the destination, but the journey and bla bla bla.... But even the journey felt wrong. It's a mix and twist of different stories mashed up together hoping to bring you somewhere.. A little bit like a jigsaw puzzle where the pieces seem to fit but you need ...
This anime could have been a lot better if MC was not a fool and worthless shit. Always overestimating himself and fooling around.. . having the world's strongest treasure and not knowing how to make use of it, and being reckless instead of focusing on cultivation. An awful character.. . Anime has a lot of extra motions for fighting moves, and the story is average.. . The animation of this dongua is great, only lacking a good story. It would have been a fun anime to watch if MC knew how to make good use of his abilities. I mean, the point of being reincarnated is to be smarter than ...
Would've been a 10/10 but a certain character introduced around episode 9 pisses me off and just really makes it hard to watch this anime. Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text Random Text
I didn't really like this film, I wasn't "transported" by the story and what was being told. I admit that there are some very good ideas, but they didn't interest me. The animation is very good, the general atmosphere is well exploited, which is remarkable (in all Miyazaki's films, apparently), and the music and sound design are good, but despite this I couldn't get hooked on Spirited Away and its magical world. That's just my opinion, because if you put aside my appreciation of the film, it objectively/honestly deserves a 9/10 or even a 10/10 for those who loved it, but I personally didn't enjoy ...
The anime Violet Evergarden is easily one of my favorite animes of all time, it's fantastic in every sense. What this movie is is a 'recollection' of previous plot points from the anime, but recompiled into an hour and 30 minute production. It cuts out some of the best moments from the anime, while adding sporadic jump cuts in some very odd places. It's not a horrible watch by any means, but if you're trying to enjoy everything this series has to offer you need to start with the anime and skip this one altogether. Still watched it, still somewhat enjoyed it, but I would ...
Zombie Loan is one anime that made me question if it is better for a manga to have a bad anime adaption or just better not have an adaption at all because seriously, the Zombie Loan anime is not really good if we are being honest.. . However I wouldn't call this anime bad because of the story. The story is really good, it's not just your everyday "We need to kill Zombies to survive" - series, it's way deeper than that (The main characters still kill Zombies in order to survive but it's different lol). The idea of how everything works in Zombie Loan with Zombies, ...
It's fine, safe and easy to watch, no real drama or stakes. The concept of Kongming reborn in modern world mostly plays out in first half and then kinda takes backseat to other characters. Someone who is into the history of Three Kingdoms or j-pop will likely appreciate it more than I did.. . Second half of the season is focused heavily on songs and this is where they lost me. I can't help but compare the music in Paripi Koumei to Carol and Tuesday and I feel like music is not even in the same league. Rap part sounded nice but it's hard to evaluate one ...
Decent premise ruined by stupid plot device. Now I know that the "Cinderella" trope has been used countless times, but damned I'll be lying if it's not a good base for a story. My Happy Marriage should have been a decent one if not for stupid and unnecessary 'supernatural' part of it.. . I'm genuinely asking myself as I watch more episodes of this anime, what the hell am I watching? Cause I sure don't expect no damn super power action in a supposed shoujo romance anime. Is this supposed to be romance? A character study? Action? Super power? The show tried to check too many boxes ...
I cannot drive this point home enough, but I found Edward to be absolutely insufferable. This is key, because he is our protagonist, and if you can't make nice with him and enjoy his time on-screen within the first, say, 5 episodes, your time watching this show for a full 64 episodes will be painful. If you enjoy random, poorly-timed, mood-breaking comedic bantering, this show is for you. If not, carry on, have a nice day, you are simply here to window shop.. . Aside from the poor comedy, the story is generally the classic growth/redemption journey - there's an issue (Edward performs forbidden alchemy), bad things ...
From what I've watched/read, if you enjoyed Osamu Tezuka's and Naoki Urasawa's previous works like Monster, Metropolis and even Astro Boy, you'll more than likely adore this show. If not, I'd say move along. In the admittedly little I've indulged in this so far, Pluto largely becomes a show with predictable and formulaic plot progression (essentially, fight of the week) by the end of the first episode, so not the best start. The hardly enticing mystery elements like the human-robot ambiguity of the antagonist and the arguably silly "natural disasters" don't give that yearning feeling to keep watching.. . The story is fairly run-of-the-mill mystery-wise, but Osamu's ...
I want to let you know that this was the first Ghibli movie I have ever watched. Because of the hype, I am disappointed.. . I acknowledge that Ghibli is actually good but when I watched this, I was quite confused about the plot. A character was there— and then they were gone. It is hard to come to the conclusion with the plot, I could not get the 'message' that I was supposed to come up with this movie. Characters are never related to each other, it is confusing to understand some characters because the scene and the characters were changing every second; that means, you ...
I think this is a good SHOUNEN, but a mid anime.. . The problems are from his inherently shounen nature; 0 suspension bcs none of the protagonist will die, MC becoming stronger at the speed of light, random plot armor, typical arcs seen thousands of time(tournament arc), goofy mc with serious left hand etc. . however the author tries to go against this sometimes, for example if you explain how your tecnique works it works better and become stronger that is a cool way to get around the usual plot device of villains explaining how to beat them. . the power system is quite blurry tbh, but so was at the ...
This may or may not contain spoilers. . Before starting with everything that got me a bit "disappointed", I'll start with the amazing side of Miyazaki's last movie, "The boy and the heron" that I watched in theater on the 29th of October 2023.. . First and foremost the art is beyond wonderful. I got chills from both the soundtrack and the animation. Whenever Mahito has flashbacks from his mother, I was speechless. Beyond that the whole movie got me speechless it terms of art. Since the story takes place in various worlds, the buildings, the landscapes, the nature, is so diverse yet so splendid. We have a look ...
Huh, so this got dropped on Crunchyroll out of the blue, not that I mind since I love the Love Live Nijigasaki anime, flaws and all, so I'd been looking forward to this. Nijigasaki fans are eating good, since not only do we have a sequel OVA, Love Live Nijigasaki School Idol Club Next Sky, we're getting a trilogy of sequel films that'll take place immediately after the OVA. Can't wait to see what those'll be like. The OVA takes place immediately after the end of the second season, with the Nijigasaki girls welcoming Ayumu back home from her overseas trip to London...and are surprised ...
So far I am not liking the animation style and direction. I was very excited about this arc, but so far just disappointed after every episode. It feels like there is a lot going on but at the same time nothing going on. The fight scenes are very choppy and slow. Those clean fights we loved in the first season, full of fluidity and continuity did not translate over into s2, even the basic small fights from s1. It is clear that they took shortcuts in animating these fight scenes with tricks such as only showing one side and again, just very slow choppy movement. ...
"Dororo" is an anime that manages to captivate viewers with its unique blend of dark fantasy and historical storytelling, while also leaving room for some critical scrutiny.. . On the positive side, "Dororo" boasts a fascinating and intricate premise that takes place in feudal Japan, where a ronin named Hyakkimaru battles against demons to reclaim his stolen body parts in a Faustian-style pact. The character development is impressive, as we witness the moral complexities of both Hyakkimaru and his companion, Dororo. The animation is well-crafted, particularly during the intense battles with supernatural beings, and the show's ability to transport viewers to the grim and atmospheric world of ...
TL;DR - It's great if you like interactions between characters and if you don't mind weird topics. . I do not know if I have been so brainwashed and desensitized to common sense and morals but deep down I honestly think that this show is not bad at all. But wait, don't call me a degenerate yet.. . There is genuine chemistry between our Otaku Pig-man and Jess, the atmosphere while the both of them communicate, is very fresh and relaxing. Of course, the topics that they converse about is very degenerate, but pig-man and Jess genuinely care for each other. They are both lonely, so they support each ...
Otona Precure is an interesting show in that it takes a formula normally geared at kids and performs minimal modifications to direct it at adults. Specifically, if you look at a decent amount of child-oriented daytime TV (original Precure included) many of a show's episodes are set up around addressing casual life experiences during the downtime, and personal struggles during the focus, using the action/fantasy element as a catalyst to get the discussion about the personal struggle moving. For kids and teens this means that you see them at school or in clubs, or going out and getting a snack or something with friends, before ...
Hyakko is a prime example of a show that's really just spinning its wheels. It's not necessarily bad, and it's clear a lot of work was put in, but it doesn't seem to have resulted in anything remarkable. It's generally alright, and definitely had its good moments, but its weakest points were too numerous to overlook. Beginning with the story, it's largely your typical CGDCT faire, highly episodic with a generous helping of comedy throughout. In this respect, it managed to hold up, and a couple episodes were actually pretty good, though there were a few moments and even recurring subplots which felt bizarre and ...
"LIAR LIAR". . Genre- School, Suspense, Game.. . In the hopes of finding that one person, Shinohara joins the 'Academy Island' where everything from money, respect, authority, etc. are waged in the form of games. With an infinite number of games, every student has the power to challenge others no matter their rank or class.. . Academy Island has the concept of 'seven stars' which means the person holding the highest amount of stars is deemed as the most powerful. And the higher your stars count goes, the higher your chances of being a target for everyone else in the academy. The anime revolves around a lie that our MC must ...
I do have mixed feelings about this anime. The first two episodes were exciting, but then the last two kind of lost me due to the silliness of certain things about the show.. . Andy finds Fuuto, the MC of the show who has disaster happen to anyone that touches her. Andy is considered an Undead, and wants to die, so he believes his only hope from a “grand death” is to fall in love with Fuuto. I love Andy as a character because he’s so optimistic no matter the challenge, and he’s overall hilarious especially when he cuts his legs off to get a power ...
Very conflicted. There are some truly inspiring things about this season, but I doubt I'll rewatch it in the foreseeable future.. . If you didn't get the news, Vinland went full Stardew Valley. I was open to the change in pace, since the slower, more meditative moments of the first season were great, and I was realistically never not watching season 2 after a season 1 as good as that. What I found wasn't just a change in pace, but a dilution of content, and often cheesier-feeling direction.. . This season isn't just slower in terms of less action and bloodshed. Much of the runtime is dedicated to characters ...
Spy x Family an easy milking anime.. . The plot really easy to make even a 1st grade can make like this. Every episode in this anime doesn't have connection in other episodes, so there is no development going on.. . The anime really focus on general audience rather than plot, like how come Anya could make traps that could defeat a bad guy in short time. This anime will milking audience just to see something random in unique family, and they will praise the episode.. . They really lack of consequence, like nothing happen on the end of every episode. I hope they not just focus on slice of ...
Pluto is an empathy product that you may find boring.. . Pluto is an anime about mystery, thriller, and detective. The anime's genre switched to drama after the first episode. This anime shows a lot of empathy scenes but those things are hard to reach for a guy who has watched a lot of movies, and anime, read novels, and played video games. Those `empathy` scenes are just bland, nonsense, and annoying. Let me explain more.. . Great storytelling uses empathy but this empathy must have logic behind it. The anime provides an empathic scene that is unrealistic. Let's say when a flood comes (not spoiler & not in ...
After the confusing let down that was season 2 i had literally 0 expectations, I had heard that this 3rd season would actually be good, but still, was a bit scheptical right... well, i think this forth episode was actually crazy good, like seriously i wasnt expecting it! It seems they are gonna start to get serious with the plot, especially the relations between the 4 cardinal heros (at least thats what im predicting), so yeah maybe theres hope! Now im actually a bit excited to see where this is going :D. . That being said, im marking it as a 7 for now as a kinda ...
This one I watched more as background noise than an attentive, active content consumption™. Therefore, this is not a full blown analysis more than it is a impression that may help you decide to watch it or not (no spoilers). . I never played the Persona 5 game, and it's obvious that the history, world, combat and characters are better suited for a videogame rather than an anime, but the story holds up pretty well still and it's a fun watch. The character's are fun, if not very deep, and the way it utilizes many aspects of japanese society into villains and character arcs are pretty cool.. . The ...
Jujitsu Kaisen returned for a second season on a very high note. The first 5 episodes covered an arc with by far the best writing, pacing, dialogue and characters that we have seen so far in the anime.. . However, since then, the show has returned to being a generic shounen with really nothing to offer apart from good fight scenes. Like demon slayer, jujitsu kaiser really struggles doing anything else: the comedy is terrible like in episode 6 where they basically rip off gintama, the characters are not interesting and sometimes just annoying, the dialogue is very bland and the episodes between arcs are basically ...
Overview:. "Btooom!" falls into the somewhat lesser-known genre of survival anime, where various people compete in an every-man-for-himself game where the only goal is to, well, survive, namely by killing all of the other contestants. Unfortunately, as far as examples of this anime I've watched go, this one ranks among the bottom of the list, with there being very little here to make it stand out from other anime of its kind, even if it's still not terrible by any means.. . Story (6/10):. "Btooom!" revolves around a death game based on the titular fictional combat video game, where contestants have to kill each other using various bombs supplied ...
Honestly story feels like it could have gone places if things were elaborated on, but too much info is in the air as “unknown pasts” that clearly the characters know but not the viewers we can just assume. Like idk how to explain it well but its more like this whole anime is a summary that gives quick glances into another media without really elaborating it or portraying it fully… leaving a sub par experience…. Like it’s not bad, it’s pretty good in certain key points, just kind of bad where it matters. But hey i watched all 12 episodes so i guess i was ...
I was pretty excited for this anime since there’s not much romance going on for fall season 2023, but sometimes this anime gives me the “ick” vibes. If the origin of the story wasn’t about a guardian falling in love with the KID he’s been watching since she was 6 years old, I think the plot would’ve been better.. . As I’m watching this, I try to ignore the fact that this is what’s truly happening, and tell myself Keiya is in high school too since he looks like it, but they throw in weird dialogue like, “I was just thinking you’ve grown into the body ...
Türkçe. . Selam, bol bol mantık hatalarının bulunduğu eğlenceli anime serisinin incelemesine hoş geldiniz.. . Bir konu anca bu kadar berbat ve sakız gibi uzatılarak anlatılabilirdi valla yapanları tebrik etmek gerekir. Sırf uzasın diye saçma sapan hatalarla ve klişelerle dolu olan bir sezondu.. . Bu konuyu çok daha iyi işleyip bize sunmalarını beklerdim, bu şekilde hem çok klişe olmuş hem de aşırı mantık hatalarıyla dolu saçma bir sezon seyretmiş olduk.. . Açıkçası seyrettiğim her türlü yapımı keyifli vakit geçirmek adına fazla mantık çerçevesinde seyretmesem de, Date a Live'ın ikinci sezonu o kadar çok göstere göstere bu mantık hatalarını ve saçmalıkları gözüme soktu ki ben bile dayanamadım artık.. . Hele o son ise ...
It is what it is, a DLC xd. . It feels somewhat odd to see those scattered bits of the story, like a collage someone put together at school. I'm not saying it's bad, just that it can be a little uncomfortable.. . And what can I tell you about the characters? Well, they're basically the same as in the main series.. . The opening of the original series is a true classic, and this one is not bad, but there's no point of comparison.. . Now, something I should perhaps highlight is that the quality of the artwork in some scenes leaves a bit to be desired, but otherwise, it's not bad.. . In ...
Watashi no Shiawase na Kekkon overall is a fine romantic drama, but lacking any impact that distinguishes it. However, it has a lot of aspects which made me enthusiastic to watch all the way through. For one, the production value of the visuals is breathtaking. Every scene, has a high attention to detail. The setting is, while not unique, intriguing as it is set in a feudal early 1900's Japan where powerful families have unique powers - which the story does not rely heavily on at first.. . Which is interesting because this story is at it's best when it doesn't rely on the fantasy elements ...
This OVA is probably worth watching for Tylor fans, and anyone generally interested in classic anime, but one should be prepared for disappointment. The first episode sets up high hopes of more galactic intrigue and shenanigans, but the plot takes a nosedive right after the first episode, squandering the majority of this series in banal filler. At the very end, the plot threads set up at the beginning resume (in a jumbled way), and things seem to be finally heading towards a satisfying climax, only to be cut off right before the critical action begins. It's a frustrating conclusion to a mixed series.. . Why would I ...
I randomly picked up this anime but do I regret it?. . I’m standing on 100 millions of lives show cases the male protagonist who gets transported into a “virtual reality” or is it something more than that?... . If you like anime’s which are either fantasy or Isekai and are indeed interested in this anime I would say give it a shot. This anime has definitely surprised me in some plot twists and there were indeed moments which I would give it an 8/10. Compared to other more popular anime’s this would be a 6/10.. If this anime was more like a ...
The anime itself is a passable average anime, the plot of which wants to seem very complex and weighty, but, in my opinion, it is very simple and romantic and should not cause much interest. And the number of different blunders only worsens the opinion of the anime while watching it. Like, for example, one (and thank God) school mathematical equation in the fifth series, the answer to which is not only incorrect, but the equations themselves are written incorrectly. And I can understand if for most this will not be a problem at all, but for me it simply shows the author’s attitude towards ...
'It was okay'. It is the best way for me to describe my thoughts on this anime.. . Yubisaki kara Honki no Netsujou: Osananajimi wa Shouboushi is the average hentai anime that you watch for the steamy scenes although the decent storyline is a plus. The characters are very two-dimensional which isn't surprising considering it's a hentai anime.. . What puzzles me the most is the fact that Souma invades Ryo's space from the get-go and doesn't care about consent but the moment Ryo and Souma start to have feelings for each other consent is important. That was the only part of the anime that left me ...
We already know that this is a LITERAL piece of imperialist propaganda, so I’ll try to bring something new to the table and review this objectively (animation quality, storyline, voice acting, music, and enjoyment). Obviously, I do not support the absolute atrocities this condones.. . . Animation: 7/10. . Quite frankly, I was shocked by how fluid some of the scenes (particularly the attack and flying scenes) were in this film. It may sound unbelievable, but this 80-year-old animation tops the lower end of what is put out today (looking at you, low-budget, generic, seasonal isekai series. While it isn’t “great” by any means, for the time, I have to ...
Of all the OVAs produced by SHUEISHA in this group, I think this one is the most normal and understandable. Even though the story feels somewhat rushed, it can still be understood without any problem.. . While there are several things that lack explanation, the story develops well and explains the background of some problems related to the protagonist. Although it doesn't properly explain how the relationship between the two protagonists develops, it fails to establish a connection with the viewer.. . In general, it didn't seem bad to me. I would recommend it if you have nothing else to do and are feeling completely bored.
MC is a Trach who is only serious about pleasing girls and not his own cultivation.. . He easily loses sight of his goals and doesn't know how to properly use his own OP powers, which were bestowed on him by an OP ancestor.. . He gets powered up by chance upon chance, isn't serious about dealing with enemies, and lets them slip away easily.. . He only enjoys fooling around with girls and prioritizes them, on getting rid of enemies. It would have been great if the MC knew how to use the inheritance of the Ancestor.. . The art style is good and befitting the story.. . In the last 30 episodes, ...
Land of the Lustrous comes with a strange premise, and I feel like your likeness of this has to do with one element. The main character.. . Story and Characters: Land of the Lustrous starts us out in a land where crystal-like beings exist. They are headed up by their father figure, Kongou, who acts basically like a superpowered monk. The crystals themselves are named after various gems such as Diamond, Emerald and Alexandrite. They have a nice distribution of personalities, along with different hardness, something they are judged on a few times in the early going. Phosphophyllitte (or Phos, for ...
This movie bucks the recent trend of popular anime having in canon movies. The likes of Kimetsu No Yaiba and Jujutsu Kaisen have cinematic releases that continue the story from the seasonal releases.. . Before this spate of movies, it has been original stories for movies, something the Dragonball franchise is familiar with, given the multitude of releases through the years.. . As an original story by the original author, it fits into the continuity of the anime series which has already multiple seasons and a spin-off, since that story continues to air and expects sequels.. . However, the light novel series that has served as the source material of ...
There's no way to fully describe my experience with Evangelion... Because this anime that made me cry, unlike most anime I've ever been able to see, Evangelion made me feel it in a unique way, its plot is contagious, its story is so well elaborated, each character is well developed, because of this, many times I had varied, changed and intensified emotions, its excellent Plots made me think a lot.... I also need to highlight how much I am IN LOVE with the art of anime, the strokes are beautiful, the coloring... and so on... For me it's like watching a painting in a museum, ...
These Heavy Males and Their Dork 80’s Fantasies.. . As much as I enjoy the nonsense of Bastard I have to admit the novelty of hammy 4Kids-sounding voice actors and unabashed shamelessness is starting to wear off on me now. There is only so much of my attention an ecchi fantasy with a ridiculously overpowered main protagonist can keep and compared to season one, season two doesn’t offer anything particularly new or interesting to the narrative.. Dark Schneider will eventually return and will make any character who isn’t Dark Schneider look useless in comparison, he will try to hit on Yoko and inevitably be hit back, ...
"Tsuki ga MIDchi". Butchered. The source is great but C2C's adaptation here, is not.. . The Big Problem - Story. . If you watch it for yourself, read the reviews or even read some of the source material, the general sentiment is that, the show's best moments lack emphasis, or any staying power. 12 episodes were simply not enough to flesh out the breadth and depth of this story.. . The pacing is just awful. Too fast, too many cuts too many plot points left hanging unexplained. Poor pacing breaks the golden immersion factor. The type of captivation which abducts the viewer forcing them endlessly through scores of episodes. The best examples ...
"Isekai Meikyuu de Harem wo," also known as "In Another World, I'm Called the Black Healer," is an anime that takes the isekai genre to unconventional territory.. . The story revolves around Setsuna, a typical salaryman who gets isekai'd into a medieval fantasy world. But unlike most isekai protagonists, he doesn't have combat skills or magical powers. Instead, he's a "healer," and not just any healer; he's a "Black Healer" with a unique ability to heal wounds and cure diseases.. . This anime's humor lies in its absurd premise. Setsuna's healing powers attract female companions who form an unintentional harem around him. Each girl has her quirks and reasons ...
"Megami-ryou no Ryoubo-kun," or "Mother of the Goddess' Dormitory," is a quirky anime that mixes elements of the harem and ecchi genres with a healthy dose of comedy.. . The story follows Koushi Nagumo, a high school student who ends up homeless after a string of unfortunate events. He stumbles upon the Goddess' Dormitory, a residence for a group of eccentric female students who all serve as shrine maidens for different deities. Koushi becomes the dorm mother, tasked with taking care of these misfit goddesses.. . The show's main draw is its eccentric cast of characters. Each goddess has a unique personality, superpower, and, of course, a quirky quirk. ...
Seems a little bare and basic so far.. . I will say that I haven't read the manga, but I Talked to a friend who read it and they say that the manga is indeed better in every way so far. They said the burning building scene attracts more attention and draws you in more in the manga then the anime, then said the anime doesn't do it justice. Take that as you will.. . Cons:. 1> The Story really doesn't draw attention in. I could compare this to Berserk of Gluttony that released this season (I know its a different theme) which has a really well paced episodic ...
Story. The title explains a lot about this anime. The mc is on a journey to meet 100 fated girls he will all date. This is not one of the pick a girl series since this is a harem in the truest sense. Apparently not catering to a fated girl leads to despair, but it is strange since it nevers has any relevance so far. This is not a serious survival story. The goal is primary introducing girls the viewer may like with some comedy to boot.. . Characters. The male mc is the main star of the show. As the harem lead ...
Shouwa Monogatari is a sedate slice of life story about a multigenerational family living in 1960s Tokyo. Your enjoyment is largely going to depend on whether you can connect with the specific sense of nostalgia that it's trying to cultivate. While there are some bits that are culturally specific to Japan and not easy for westerners to relate to, I think it does a good job overall of building a general atmosphere of "the good days gone by" that most will connect with, the vibe of your gruff dad sending you to the corner store to buy a pack of smokes for him, playing baseball ...
I AM SO MAD AT THIS ANIME OH MY GOD. The potential it had and how it got ruined so quickly is really impressive. But, if you got nothing to watch, you can watch it! It's not bad, just really questionable... . Okay well, the first 5 episodes are REALLY AWESOME. Some complex relation between characters.. it really is great to get to know them through their motivations on this drama dump. It was a pretty unique way to develop an anime, also this early on. I also really like the humor of this anime. It was stupidly funny. (Light spoiler on the humor type, not about the ...
I can't stand this 3Dish style cell animation. It's like watching a show made on a PS2. I wanted to like it, but the style of animation distracts from the story. The shading and forms end up looking distorted and actually felt like I was straining my eyes.. . The characters aren't bad, but not the highest tier of course. Story is decent, and sound is nice.. . They should just remake the show to match the manga art style. I wish shows would stop using the 3DCG style, it was bad in the late 2010s and it's still bad now. It's the type of animation that ruined Berserk ...
Listen. When I watched Horimiya (2021), I came away satisfied, giving it an 8/10 because of the relationships portrayed in the series, though I felt like it lost focus in the second half. I did not read the manga, nor I had any other knowledge of the story. I picked up Horimiya: Piece now, and I was confused, and wasn't. There was no story, just the random scenes that didn't make it into the anime from the source material, I get it. That meant no storyline, no nothing. I still found myself enjoying the individual scenes, feeling like I know these characters and I'm lucky ...
Please excuse my errors, it is 2 am in the morning here.. . I got into this because the animation seemed amazing, I loved the soundtracks and I found the lore to be quite interesting. The animation and soundtracks were quite memorable, as they are quite atmospheric. Unfortunately, any love or respect I would've had for this anime and this lore rapidly vanished.. . I quit it around halfway because the writing was messy and seemed to linger on the lines of amateurish.. The main female cast is quite literally just fanservice, and the author somehow tried to make the fanservice excusable as it was apparently, SOMEHOW, important ...
When you have lived for 1000 years, can 10 years of life still be significant? The most interesting part of "Frieren: Beyond Journey's End" is how the MC experience time compared to other beings. Since Frieren has been living for at least a millenium, 50 years is one montage for her and more than half a life for her companions. How things change, deteriorate, and progress within the same period offers a unique perspective due to her laidback persona.. . Watching episode 1 and 2 was an emotional ride. It's honestly a fresh opening to a common adventure story. Still, from episode 4 onwards, the story ...
Let’s get straight to the point, this is without a doubt the most overrated original DBZ movie by a long shot. Even on my 4th watch, I fail to understand why people consider this the greatest Dragon Ball anything when it's just another boring story with admittedly good looking animation (at points). The only reason anyone likes this movie is because of one scene at the very end that barely lasts 3 minutes of screen time.. . STORY. Fusion Reborn has a pretty strong setup and introduction (as most of these Z movies tend to have). After the defeat of Majin Buu (presumably in a timeline where Goku ...
The concept of strength is quite simple, namely that there are some humans who are endowed with certain skills that are different from each other. The main plot in this story is still ambiguous and focuses on the protagonist, who at first thought he had no skills. The treatment and status of each character here are also determined by skill..  . The main character faces many obstacles in his daily life until his life changes after meeting a magic sword that can talk. As time went by, he developed quite rapidly and tried not to show his strength by desperately trying to hold back the hunger he ...
Sousou No Frieren is a uniue anime as it doesnt have the flashy-ness of a demon slayer or the suspense of an Attack on titan instead it's an anime that majority of the fanbase would find boring, so the question you might find yourself asking is why is it a 8.9 on MAL?. . . Anime are generally over-the-top with over enthusiastic charecters most ot the time e.g naruto luffy or sometimes with sad or witty charecters like hikigaya but this anime has none of that instead what it does is it also gives very real life like charecters, in that they ...
I saw this film at the Animation Is Film (AIF) Festival in Los Angeles. There should be no spoilers in this review.. . I genuinely don't know how I feel about this film. I don't know much about the source material, but I can say that I left the theater somewhat confused on the overall meaning that was meant to be conveyed. I have no clear indication of what the general message of the film was, other than a critique of the human condition and that greed is a vice that will consume all. I say this very loosely, only because that is the only non-weird conclusion ...
The best way to describe this OVA is "wasted potential". It has an interesting premise :an ex wrestler who is so strong she needs a brace to fit into society now does work for space police , while out there is eye catching. It is what led me to this OVA in the first place. I wanted to see some people do some WWE type wrestling and did I get that?. . Kinda.. . My biggest issues with "The Supergal" are two things really: Its length and how it doesn't really dive into the concept that much. Length is the most obvious one.. An OVA for me ...
Trainwreck. Usually we ascribe a negative connotation with this word but there is some morbid curiosity to it that we can't help but see it to the end.. . This was Good Night World. The show gives you the premise in its very first episode. A dysfunctional family are all unknowingly playing the same MMORPG (massive multiplayer online role playing game) and hanging out with the same party even though they are all estranged in reality. How will they react once they know who each other are in real life? How does the show allow the family to organically find out for themselves?. . Then the show adds another ...
I'll be honest and say that I just watched for (and only for) the english dub, but in some points it was just bad (not good bad). Maybe because I'm not an US person and couldn't catch some references and cause sometimes I got invested in the story and the dub didn't just match the moment (specially the sad ones). Overall, I liked it very much, and even being really a short anime I guess I'll miss these characters a lot.. I recommend to watch at least once, but I'll put "mixed feelings" cause I KNOW some people would not like the jokes at all ...
This anime tries a lot to romanticize a very aggressive behaviour in a relationship, where one side is a complete jerk to the other and it almost abuse. I know it's for comedy pourpouse but at some point it really stops being funny and became really annoying and unconfortable. Talking a little bit about the story, it just exectly what you expected, being extremely predictable, and, for me, very unfunny. I usually tries to defend short animes but this one is a True no to me. But Still, I would recomend it, its very short and maybe you like it, or you maybe you hate ...
Note: My reviews are like a note for my future self. I try to not spoil anything in it, because in the case I want to rewatch the show, I don't want to know too much about it other than what I think I will remember or surface level details that don't really matter much. I just want to make sure my future self understands a bit of how I felt about it and why I gave this mark.. . Dropped it because from what I understood, the adaptation does not do it justice. I feel like a lot is left out, the way the story is ...
Will admit it's been a while since I've had some rather complicated thoughts regarding an anime series and looks like Brain Powerd has done just that with me. Being Yoshiyuki Tomino's answer to Evangelion in the late 1990s, the series is set on a future Earth where the planet is being ravaged by earthquakes and floods due to the massive power emitted from a massive alien spacecraft called Orphan that an enemy faction called the Reclaimers are attempting to learn more about how to harness its power and leave the planet, which would result in humanity's destruction should this happen. Opposing Orphan are those aboard ...
At the beginning of this, I was really invested in the story. The idea with the flags was really interesting and a really cool spin on the Harem formula. But then they just kept adding more and more characters. By around episode 5 I was done with all the new characters they were adding but they just didn't stop. It also didn't help that in addition to having the harem plot, they decided to throw in a whole Isekai amount of lore into about 5 episodes of this show, leading to a lot of things in the last few episodes being really damn confusing. I ...
The Kingdoms of Ruin appears to be quite a surprise so far. It seems to have a decent plot, characters with proper motivation, decent animation, decent sound design, great voice cast and so on. Though, the thing remains to be seen whether it can do anything constructive with it. For the lack of a better word, at the moment this Anime can only called EDGY, now whether that becomes Akame ga Kill kind of edgy, or AOT kind remains to be seen.. . Plot: The synopsis adequately instructs you about the Anime, there isn't much to add apart from that without delving into spoiler territory. There are ...
Imagine you and your friends built a raft and float around in a river, then mid-departure suddenly decide you're travelling across the ocean on said raft.. Summertime Rendering is the perfect example of something trying to be more than it set out to be.. From the starting line you'll immediately get the vibe that this show wants to replicate its (vastly superior) predecessors, Steins;gate and Re:Zero, the problem is everything that follows. This show doesn't know if it wants to be mysterious, creepy, or an action thriller and it's very apparent that aside from "die to reset" nothing in this show was planned out.. Without spoiling, ...
At first it was a little doubtful because the quality was bad, but it turned out that was only part of the fairy tale, whereas the main story was really good.. . For the beginning, the story of this anime is quite good and the relationship between them really makes me want to fall in love too.. But it's a shame that episode 6 onwards starts to get boring, the storyline is filled with things that I don't really like, like telling about the past, telling about cultural festivals and so on, while their intimate relationship is increasingly disappearing in my opinion.. . Another drawback is that many scenes ...
Who are the true monsters in reality.. . Many animes have come and gone, and really told that story of that this or that creature is vile, and are monsters. When in truth, humanity look more like the monsters tat they claim.. . Story and characters: 8. What I will say about the show, is that it can do things good, but do things right in a sense. Keeping a watcher on their toes, though, as long as they don't result into pure shock value, as if to overload it, to the point that each hit becomes less and less. But thankfully, so far with what we are given, ...
Overview:. "Coppelion" is an interesting anime to be sure, combining elements from the post-apocalyptic and magical girl genres among others to create something that appears like nothing you've ever seen before. Unfortunately, good ideas are little more than novelties without someone who can actually make the most out of them, and "Coppelion"'s execution of its ideas never manages to be anything more than middling, resulting in an anime that has a lot of issues and untapped potential.. . Story (6.5/10):. "Coppelion" is set in the year 2036, 20 years after a nuclear meltdown made Tokyo uninhabitable due to the increased radioactivity making it impossible for normal people to survive ...
Important to note that starting off, all 3 SS cases do not have Tow Ubukata's involvement in any way. Shiotani, who has been involved with every aspect of the franchise, is in charge here. Production I.G. is also back for this passion project, which is why it feels so much like season 1. Though this film feels slightly different as there's another new writer here, Yoshigami, who is clearly a Mika fan. Anyways. it's a solid entry.. . Case 1 rectifies Mika's arc in Season 2. But really, given how badly that season went, it would've fit better after S1 or the first film. Either way, it ...
This anime is an example of a hit or miss show. Most viewers will most likely end up either liking it or disliking. I belong to the third group. I can't say I liked the three episodes that have been released so far, but I also won't say I totally did not enjoy watching them.. . Apart from okay direction, decent animation and nice looking art (especially when it comes to close-ups), I don't see anything unique about this show. There have been plenty of romance stories following exactly the same pattern, I mean stories set in high school, with flashy and popular female student getting into ...
Not for everyone, not even SOL enjoyers.. . This was probably the most hyped show of the season, and probably my biggest disappointment. Don't get me wrong, depending on what you are looking for in an anime, Sousou no Frieren has the potential to meet all your expectations, and you may come to enjoy it thoroughly. Here, I will try to explain why this show may not be for everyone and implore users to give it a chance and the decide whether they want to continue with it.. . This story is about an elf named Frieren who lives an insanely long life. After her ten year journey ...
Goblin Slayer used to be the bar before Redo of the Healer, and believe me it was not an one to be proud of. Having said that, it is your typical average dark fantasy with an overpowered protagonist. Apart from the first episode of the first season, which really became infamous, there is honestly very little to talk about.. . Plot: Just a Goblin Slayer doing some goblin slaying, that's the plot. If I remember correctly volume 3 and 4 of the light novel got skipped, so if you're confused, even after watching the movie., that should about sum up PLOT for you.. . Characters: Not much to talk ...
The anime is at its strongest in the first couple of episodes when it focuses on the four main characters (Katase, Shinozaki, Akina, and Hayakawa). All of them are likeable and interesting (particularly Akina), and their interactions are wholesome and endearing. Instead of developing those relationships (much) further, however, the show starts adding new, less interesting characters around the midpoint and wastes a lot of time on them. By the end, the romantic plots remain underdeveloped.. . There was also a noticeable change in the use of fan service. While some viewers might be annoyed with it from the very start, it definitely becomes more prominent (some ...
It's surprising how popular Shield Hero is on MAL, and yet there is an uncanny radio silence almost everywhere. The second season was such an underwhelming act afterall, it really did a huge damage to it's own reputation. Having said that, the third season seems to have mended, if nothing else, significantly in the Animation department.. . Plot: The plot picks up more or less from where it left last season, with Naofumi and co heading to the colosseum. This is where the original web novel picks up again, after the light novel original arcs of Spirit Turtle and Otherworld. The general consensus was that they ...
Rokka no Yuusha is a bit of an odd anime – it starts like a shounen adventure series, but is actually a locked room mystery. Not only that, it’s set in a fantasy Mesoamerican-inspired rainforest setting. It doesn’t really deliver much on the mystery front, but it was a passable watch nonetheless.. . Let me start by zeroing in on the mystery aspect. The idea is that seven heroes show up to go and slay the Demon God. The problem is that there are only supposed to be six. Moreover, something happens that turns it into a locked-room mystery where one person definitely appears to have bad ...
This is a neat little animation about Sword Art Online. It isn't a trailer for an upcoming season or anything like that but was just used as an introduction video for an event.. . There is no real story but the animation shows the main characters from SAO in their real lives with the Aincrad castle floating in the sky and shows them putting on the nervegear. The animation is in a very different style from the original anime but it does look good. The music/sound and voice acting are all good too.. . Overall this is just an animation of the SAO characters without a real ...
To start things off, what is good with the anime. The animation is very distinct compared to other build series's and in my opinion, looks a little better. A friend of mine said that it looked worse to him but I guess it is up to personal interpretation. Secondly, the opening. The opening is by Back On who've also sang "nibun no ichi" from build fighters, "cerulean" from build fighters try and also the opening, "the last one" for it's ova , island wars. So needless to say, the opening did not disappoint. They have also included many distinct ost's for the respective build series ...
Honestly, I wasn't expecting much from the anime. I'll give a brief summary, the story has several "Plot Twists", but it makes the story lose coherence and meaning, being a negative point. You can also see that the story received a "Rush" so the story fits into the 12-episode anime, but this contributes more to the lack of meaning,. being poorly explained. To say that it wasn't all bad, I liked the development of each character in the story (Except for the Mother), in the fact that the character doesn't need to say the reason for doing such a thing, you understand the reason for each ...
I will preface this review by saying I generally love the Isekai genre, and I like trash Isekai for the pure enjoyment factor that it offers. . That being said, the Spring/Summer seasons has given us many poor offerings and too few gems for Isekai fans with either mediocre series, or series that are just dull or outright bad.. . Fortunately this series is not dull, but while it did have enough to grab my initial attention and was entertaining enough to keep me watching, it was the very definition of mediocre.. This series took a paint-by-numbers approach to creating an isekai series, there is very little original here, and ...
Although it's one of my favorites; there is one big reason it's not a 10, too many flash backs. Get ready for that before starting this series. The flashbacks themselves are written in great fashion; it just always ruins the momentum of the main story, like getting a commercial when the show is just about to get to the good part. It got to a point where it would make me curse out loud sometimes.. . It's still a favorite because of it's unique premise and great characters. You're on Mars with them most of the time and as episodes pass you realize ...
I've always been a sucker for post apocalyptic stories, so I've read my fair share of such thematics. As such Heavenly Delusion didn't strike me as "exceptional" as most reviews seem to insinuate.. . The first episode did a good job of setting the mood and hooking the audience, the world-building was interesting, and the mystery was captivating. But at some point, all of it seems to stagnate. All the characters have been revealed, the build-up was at its peak but the show kept dragging on while refusing to reveal any further information.. . At that point, the novelty of it all wears off, revealing how under all ...
I was very excited for this show When it was coming out because everyone i knew was raging about the manga and how good it apparently was plus its a part of what the internet alle the dark trio (awful name btw) that consists of this jujutsu kaisen and chainsaw man, jjk which i like and chainsaw man which i love so understandably i was exspecting something of somewhat similar quality,. . The first few episodes was proving me right the set up of the story was incredibly interesting and the main characters were too, however little did i know how little of that promising start would ...
It was fun at first and even relatable but as it went on it was simply too cringe to endure. The main character is unique which allows the series to stand out but at the same time the setting is similar to plenty of other anime so there is definitely a sense of familiarity to the series. The problem is that the main character simply does not have a sense of development so even though the heroine faces then same struggles day in and day out and is even hinted to have faced this problem in the past, her incapability/unwillingness to surpass these hurdles definitely ...
Anime that can be enjoyable for some people, but can also be disappointing for others. It is a fun and entertaining anime that will make you feel good and amazed by the power of Haruto, but it is also a light-hearted and thrilling anime that will make you feel bored and annoyed by the lack of originality and depth. If you like isekai, harem, slice-of-life, and ecchi genres, you might like this anime. But if you are looking for something more serious and complex, you might want to skip this anime.. . The good points of this anime are:. . -The comedy is well-done and hilarious. The anime ...
Call me a normie but it makes me sick to my stomach that some actual losers who contribute nothing to society consider this anime "ecchi" or whatever... Like people watch it for the wrong reasons.... like as if its a p*rn category or something, what the actual hell that's worse than the plot of the anime itself.. . Anyways story was intriguing, if you like psychological horror its pretty good and has a lot of suspense.. The op song is very good, I love the art style. Lots of cute and wholesome moments. . but jesus christ the fanbase of viewers who take this shit the wrong way LMAO ...
everything else about the show is palpable. the context of the library wars, the conflicting ideologies producing this type of war to begin with and the consequences of a society full of literary censorship. the BIGGEST problem I see in this show is the persona of the MC and how it devalues the nature of the story going on around here. while library wars is meant to encapsulate the circumstances surrounding a society fighting over censorship of texts, all this gets completely lost upon us when the motivating factor for the MC's decision to join the defense force is a romantic one and a self ...
Before you laugh for giving it a 8 read and then laugh again because I know it stills seems dumb. . First, I dropped this anime in the fourth episode when it was released in 2022 and I thought this was the end for me with this series forever since I also thought that it didn’t have more to offer after Naofumi regained his reputation.. . Second, for some reason I decided to give it another try and with the lowest expectations and… it felt like a great experience. The first five episodes were still slow, sometimes boring, but I decided to keep going.. . What happened next was that ...
So this anime gets one major things right- and that's character interactions. We get to see everyone talking to eachother and spend time getting invested in all of the relationships. This is the major reason I loved this anime, despite plot being fairly lack-luster and straightforward. The characters are allowed to have emotions and react to things, and characters are allowed to have meaningful conversations even when the main character isn't there.. . As I said, the plot is simple and easy to follow, and it's definitely a feel-good fluffy iseki rather than a an in-depth political thriller.. . The only drawback other than the plot is ...
This season started off as a mess. Maybe it's a passable mess, but a mess is a mess. Maybe to the average viewer it's enjoyable enough, but it's such a significant downgrade from the manga.. . Imagine being given a perfect guide for a test, where you could get the easy 100% score, but instead you decide to deviate from the guide and get a 70% instead. Like, WHAT is the point? Well, that's what this anime did; it took a masterpiece and made it worse for no good reason.. . Everything was rushed. Was the plot follow-able? Sure. Was it entertaining enough to keep me watching? Sure. ...
I mean perhaps if you're just casually a paedophile you'd enjoy this. I do not even see any of this 'investigation/mystery' aspect supposedly featured as I read in the description, it's really just a poor excuse to present sexual and physical abuse on minors. I mean what did I expect from an 18+ rated, 4 episode anime. The only reason I've given it a 3 is due to the potential it had, but I can't even really complain because I guess it was created for those into sadomasochistic ecchi, the portrayal of BDSM was realistic however and the concept of uncovering the cases was somewhat ...
I never really feel compelled to write a review but I enjoyed Boogiepop Phantom (2000) that it wouldn't be right to let you know the 2019 series sucks so badly.. . Seriously, don't watch it, especially if you were brought here by the 2000 series.. . It's super mundane with no substance and which is a shame because of the occasional poignant statement that has you thinking there's a payoff to the dry dialogue otherwise.. . The music during episode is actually very interesting, if the dialogue wasn't so desiccated I wouldn't have been able to have appreciated it as such.. . Do yourself a favor and just watch Boogiepop ...
Look this is absolutely NOT a show for everyone, this is a action anime where most of the time absolute moments of the show are cutesy and/or comedic slice of life episodes and fillers with the side cast. This a series that despite playing in a wide and crazy world that it could've shown more of instead mostly plays within the same settings of random forest over and over again. This is a series where character development has to be held back or actively ignored so that it can somewhat follow the manga storyline.. . This is Boruto and I can't help but like it.. . It's a flawed ...
SPOILER FREE REVIEW. . I'll be the first to admit I'm not that into murder mysteries. However, I mostly enjoy the Nisioisin and Shaft combo mostly known for the Monogatari series so when I found out it's the same thing here I got a little interested regardless. This 8 episode OVA is based on the Zaregoto series of novels and this one adapts just one part of it which imo is one of its biggest downfalls.. . The setting is fairly basic and screams Danganronpa (supposedly it also inspired the latter funnily enough), you have a dozen give or take geniuses of various fields summoned to a mansion in ...
Overview:. "Aesthetica of a Rogue Hero" should really be called "Aesthetics of a Rogue Hero", because that's exactly what the series values above all else- aesthetics. It does a fine job at using style to make various things about it seem very impressive, but when you look deeper, you realise that these things are nowhere near as great as they appear at first glance, and other than a fairly unorthodox protagonist (which isn't necessarily for the better), there isn't all that much that separates it from other anime of its kind.. . Story (6/10):. The series is set in an alternate version of Earth that runs parallel to a ...
Fruits of Grisaia is a weird show. It has laughably bad (but fun) moments bordering parody, genuinely good comedy, actually good character work, while also having ridiculous harem moments, terrible cliche jokes, laughable tragic backstories, numerous cop outs, dumb dialogue and even dumber plots, etc.. I felt at the start as though the show didn't really take itself THAT seriously, so whatever my gripe with it was I'd just easily laugh it off. But then it suddenly starts to make genuinely good episodes, as though it was just bored of being perceived as a parody, and some scenes that actually almost got me emotional. As ...
The concept of the world is ordinary with magic in it, like a fantasy world in general. although it's a bit strange according to the anime title that the main character tries to teach the heroine mischief. This is based on the bad things that the heroine experiences, but teaching her to misbehave sounds strange even though this is a comedy anime..  . The main plot of this story centers on interactions between the main male and female characters and centers on the main male character's house in the middle of the forest. The main male character tries desperately to teach the heroine mischief, which actually leads ...
SUM: Its a decent fantasy anime, some noticeable uses of weird looking CGI but, overall its a decent show that I mostly enjoy, I wouldn't say everyone will enjoy it but most will.. . From the episodes seen so far, there is an interesting premise that has both been and not been done before in the reincarnation in a new body sorta sub trope. It has had its moments, funny little quips but on the flip side there have been some atrocious moments that made me cringe.. . The MC and main girl duo are definitely a combo, I'm still undecided whether I love it or just wanna ...
Your average battle shounen, with a tacked on forced romance component. The only interesting thing about it is the tsukumogami designs. They're basically just gijinkas for traditional japanese tools, but the way they incorporate the properties of the tool into their physical appearance, their personalities, and their combat abilities is honestly pretty creative and refreshing, definitely the highlight of the show. However, the show is extremely stale otherwise. The protagonist is a gary stu and his love interest/macguffin is the perfect mary sue to match. There's not a moment where you feel anything is in danger, the stakes are wholly nominal, ...
This anime is silly. The script is silly, the characters are silly, and the plot is silly. Yet somehow, in the silly world this show sets up for itself, everything is coherent because everything is silly.. . Upon the first episode, I realised how silly this show was going to be and yet by the end of it, I was completely invested. I have struggled to understand my enjoyment with this anime, partly motivating me to write this review, but I have finally come to believe that,. . The shows coherence and ignorance in its silliness makes it almost wholesome in its attempt to be good, along with the ...
Watching Serial Experiments Lain is a lot like emptying a fascinating puzzle box onto the floor, only to eventually find that you're short some pieces and others are from different boxes. Can you still make a picture from this?. . It is my belief that media is simultaneously definitive and subjective; what the creator(s) intend(s) and what you make of it.. In regards to the former, there is a clear limit to what can be said with certainty about Serial Experiments Lain. For both 1998 and at the time of writing this, Lain boasts a fairly distinct and uncommon style (in many regards), of which few shows ...
I started this anime and foung it so boring that I stopped watching it. Then picked it back up and started loving it. Even if I think Naruto is kind of childish sometimes, this is even worst. But it’s got its moments which often are only good because of nostalgia for the old characters.. . I first started watching it 3 years ago and got to episode 75 and gave it a 5/10 and stopped watching it until this week. The beginning of this anime is so boring and I feel like it’s only good point is the nostalgic feel (maybe too much fan service). Fan service ...
I liked the main Baccano series. It had some great pacing, comedic relief, and emotional baggage along with it.. . The Baccano Specials had almost none of that. Of course, some things I can forgive because they are specials, but the matter of fact is that the specials feel kind of lost. They serve no real purpose. Comedy? Not much. Additional story? Sure there is some additional story but I feel like the whole kidnapping arc should have been included in the main series.. . In reality the first and last special episodes were good. I enjoyed them. Solid 3 and 2/3's on them.. . The second one I ...
The case of Undead Girl Murder Farce is a simple one.. It was supposed to be a detective show, but it insists on focusing on action scenes. It might be for the better as action scenes deliver great amount of fun. Sadly, the same cannot be stated about detective part.. . Show about detectives are awesome, but it preparing the cases for the viewer to solve and enjoy is an extremely hard task and not every show delivers on that. In UGMF the cases are interesting but their presentation is lacking. The best case is the first one in vampire manor. Why? Because it creates tension, leaves the ...
It was one of the most frustrating shows to watch. It has the typical trope of "will they? won't they?" and honestly, the only reason I finished this series is to see where all the character relationships will eventually lead.. I recommend this show to people who enjoy the tsun-deres/dere-deres and love triangles. This show has a cartwheel of relationships and I do not recommend this show to people who cannot stand age-gap romances. There are few questionable infatuations and relationships that I found uncomfortable to watch.. On the bright side, some of characters were well-written and towards the second part of the series, there ...
Though the story is interesting at the beginning, it seems that its story development will be incomplete or disproportionate according to the first three episodes.. Its graphic performance is really poor. And this flaw got exacerbated because its story is not so outstanding.. The characters are cute and funny but also cliche.. I personally feel this anime is enjoyable now and give it a 8 out of 10, maybe because this is the first time I sit down and partially throw away the stereotypes about Akuyaku Reijo theme. But I’m worrying about the other 9 episodes now, I strongly feel that this level of ...
I'd like to start this review with a quick pop quiz! I'll describe the first episode of an anime and then you name the anime!. . Ordinary boy main character, voiced in English by Bryce Papenbrook, lives a simple and uneventful life with his family, except for his father who died prior to the start of the anime. There are monsters on the outside who eat humans. He's never actually seen one, but they exist and they're to be feared. One day while away from home, his home and family gets attacked by said monsters from the outside, resulting in the death of a family member, and ...
So far, it is okay but obviously my opinion could change throughout the runtime. Keep reading my review as l continue watching :). . Story:6.5/10. Plot is interesting but it's held back by characters imo and the pacing has been a little wacko from my perspective.. . Animation:8/10. Art style is quite fluid, and the dragon CGI is watchable. So far decent enough.. . Sound: 8/10. Kinda self explanatory. VA of MC is not a suitable voice in my opinion but ye apart from that sound is pre decent.. ...
“Reborn as a Vending Machine” is what happens when You think too much about whether magic equipment in D&D has a mind of its own.. . One night, as the young man with a passion for vending machines woke up, he discovered that he had been changed into the object of his devotion. He stood, in his new sturdy but immobile body, on a grass field near a lake in a place not known to him. As he considered his situation he remembered that he had died in a rather silly accident featuring a vending machine. After getting accustomed to his new situation and assessing his new ...
Eiyuu Kyoushitsu is a lighthearted comedy that doesn't take itself too seriously. Short on plot and character development, the series relies on hooking viewers with its comedy, in which it mostly succeeds. Although a few jokes become repetitive as the series progresses, the introduction of new characters injects freshness into the narrative. Many of these characters embody various humorous archetypes, ensuring that the anime remains entertaining. There is an attempt to add heartfelt moments, with several episodes that are more dramatic, but the lack of stakes doesn't leave them with a lasting impact. Overall, Eiyuu Kyoushitsu is an above-average comedic fantasy series that is enjoyable ...
This is a fantasy with lots of sappy slice of life moments and comedy gags.. . Plot. An elf witch (Alyssa) finds a human baby (Viola) in the forest and decides to raise it. 16 years later, Viola is now a hot big tits brown human witch, who loves her mother a little too much and is very possessive. She is also really really powerful and is always experimenting with magic summons. One of her summons (Pheonix, the immortal chicken) becomes a familiar and starts living with them. The story is mostly about their peaceful life and weird shenanigans in the village.. . Review. The main focus of the ...
This show is is a reincarnation mystery in a fantasy setting. One of those stories that try to mix magic with modern technology.. . Plot. MC used to be a human hero, but a powerful demon lady gives him the opportunity to change into a demon after his defeat. After a while, MC (Undead demon king) is the last demon lord alive, and as the human army with heroes starts attacking his castle, he decides to use a reincarnation spell to revive in 1000 years and rebuild his demon army. He also needs to find a suitable vessel for his mistress (the demon lady) and reincarnate her into ...
Review: Great Story, Meh Animation 🌈💕. . Our ordinary office worker, Rei, wakes up in the world of her favorite otome game, and guess who's there to welcome her? None other than Claire Francois, the main antagonist of the game! What a delightful twist! Now, Rei's on a mission to romance Claire instead of the usual male leads. You can't help but wonder how this villainous ladylove will react to the unexpected courtship.. . The show falls into the comedy, fantasy, and girls' love genres, and it's off to a promising start. It's like a breath of fresh air with a hint of deja vu.. . Now, the story – here's ...
If you thought Ron Kamonohashi is a curious mix of Katekyou Hitman Reborn and Psycho Pass, with a hint of Code Geass garnished over it, you're probably around the correct ballpark. I refuse to elaborate further on that subject, figure it out.. . Plot: Last season we had an Undead Detective, and now we have the Detective who makes you Un-alive. Now that is a plot twist, if I've ever seen one. It is a mystery/psychological Anime that has a ton of comedy woven into it. Though, I'd not be surprised, if at some opportune moment we are introduced to the supernatural. For the moment though, this ...
I reupload my review. I was scared when I saw Gigguk's video because some people decided to trashtalk me in my comment section.. So i decided to temporary delete my review. Hope that you will remain polite, my opinion stay just my opinion.. . If you're too busy to read the whole summary here are two points from my review:. - BAD ANIMATION. - BAD ARC. . First of all, please take note that I am a big fan of Mushoku, and therefore I have high expectations.. If you like the season 1 for animation, battle scene, scenario... , I couldn't recommended you to watch this part.. . This arc is like a wide pause ...
I just finished this anime up to episode 12 and am waiting for the continuation.. . The advantages of this anime:. Quite interesting storyline, I think this anime has its own story, and has different elements from other anime, so it's not boring when watching it.. . The background sound effects are perfect, even though this anime tells a lot of terrible tragedies, the audience is not made to listen to too many strange sounds, I've watched other anime with horror stories but the sound effects are very disturbing to the ears, and it's very annoying.. . Disadvantages of this anime:. The one in the spotlight is a little girl, and doesn't ...
Upon finishing this, I really can't help but feel that this had a lot of missed potential. Sure, it wasn't bad to watch, having some sweet moments and nice visuals, though by the end, it's problems were apparent.. . Land of the Lustrous has a pretty interesting premise, taking place in the far future in which an immortal humanoid race called the Gems live on an island, defending themselves from the Lunarian race which constantly attack them. However, the direction the story took with it left a lot to be desired. For one, it almost entirely takes place on the island, which made the setting quite mundane ...
I think the best thing about this show is its OP. It’s quite good. Outside that however? Not that big a fan of this show. Maybe over time with more time spent on character development and such I could get into it, but I was just so uninterested in this show.. . I think this show sort of fucks around and does so little for so long and per episode that by the time that maybe it’s getting better, the season ends. Maybe fans of the source material enjoy that but I just could not deal with the humor or plot stuff. Felt lowbrow and just ...
Story is about a kid named Light who discovers a death note sent down by a god of death and begins to use it to rid the world of dangerous criminals. This then proceeds into a world renowned detective named L using his high intellect to expose and prosecute Light AKA "Kira" being his serial killer tag. Hype all the way until episode 25 then it became a chore to finish. The late introduction to certain characters made it hard to care about any of them and the ending was underwhelming. If you like detective media it'd be a must watch that most people will ...
To say that this anime is a mixed bag for me would be an understatement.. . On the one hand, it’s well-animated and has a pretty interesting visual design to its world and characters. They come off as distinct, both in the game world and the real world of the anime.. . On the other, it’s built on a pretty absurd narrative where four people from the real world who live in an extremely dysfunctional family also just so happen to form a family within the game world full of other players without knowledge of who the others are. It doesn’t help that it remains unclear to the very ...
MF Ghost. The spiritual successor to Initial D. . Speaking as someone who has seen all of Initial D And was one of my first animes, Initial D holds a special spot in my heart.. . From Fujiwara's insane driving skills to the amazing JDM cars that they portray. . From Hatchiroku to Type R's, NSX's, and RX-7's, it was mesmerizing seeing the hatchiroku beat them all. It was amazing.. . MF Ghost is in the future where gasoline racing is a phenomenon as the rest of the world converted to electric. Katagiri is this hot and coming racer from England, and he is staying with a host family that includes a ...
Warning: this is not a detailed breakdown that takes everything into account and try to be as objective as possible, it's a personal opinion. I share it with you to to explain my score and for people who might feel similarly.. . Greetings everyone.. . I could write a lenghty synopsis but I'll jump to the point, the thing you are probably here for. Why didn't I like this wonderful show?. . First of all, I don't want to offend anyone. If you liked this show, good for you. However, it didn't work for me and I'll explain why. One thing I realised after reading countless of anime reviews is that ...
It really is just fine. I watched this when I was in the mood for a "normal" anime, and it did not disappoint in that regard. Shinobi no Ittoki started out much stronger than it ended. I initially had a good time watching them balance the ninja school and underworld plots, but it kind of fell apart halfway though to rush to the end. It probably should have been longer - it often felt rushed, and several ideas and characters would have been more impactful if they had been more thoroughly developed.. . It does nothing extraordinary, but does nothing poorly. It would be a nice break ...
I am gonna follow my review routine & MALs old review rating system to review the show in 5 broad criteria.. . Its been a long time since I last reviewed an anime. By no means, this show really deserve detailed reviews. Infact I wasn't planning on reviewing this show until something happened in the last episode.. . Well before mentioning about why I even bothered with writing my thoughts on the show, I would prefer to mention the usuals.. . The animation & artwork used is quite good (definitely not great). I didn't observed any negative in this department.. . Sound effects & dialogues are pretty good & feel quite natural (to ...
Since it's my first foray into the Fate universe (this arc starts the series chronologically), I found the world building, back story and exposition to be quite sparse in the beginning. As the summary explains, a magical war is fought between several prominent mage families for control over a powerful object none other than the Holy Grail, with each side represented by a champion magic user who can summon a servant, generally some powerful warrior based on world mythology, etc. A few extra champions are selected seemingly at random by the Grail itself to take part in the war, adding variety and spice ...
Scarlet Bond is a moderately entertaining movie with flashy animation and a subpar plot. It's just mindless fun - there's nothing egregiously bad about it, but your time would probably be better spent doing something else.. . My main issue is how bland the plot is. The big conflict could have been easily solved if some of the characters were to use their brain or common sense for even five seconds, but for the sake of artificially raising the stakes, they have to follow along with the villain's stupid plans.. . The new (good) characters are okay - they were occasionally entertaining, and I do like their backstories - ...
Gintama is finally over (Except for the final). . It has been one hellva ride holy. . I have been watching Gintama for over a year actually, with taking month long breaks within the seasons haha.. . This season? I did not enjoy. . First off Ill get the good off the way.. . ...
Itou Junji is a well known figure in Japanese horror known for a lot of body horror. I've talked about him once before with the Gyo anime. This time around we're delving into the Itou Junji collection from Studio Deen. Specifically, the Tomie special adapting one of Itou's best known titles.. . Story:. . We open with Tomie's funeral. Apparently, she was murdered and horrifically mutilated. Her teacher is discussing the incident with his class when Tomie herself strolls in like nothing happened. This quickly leads into a flashback of the actual incident and the gruesome details of what precisely happened.. . The big problem with the ...
Mikagura Detective Agency is a very fluidly animated, dark hentai mystery. The three episodes follow the adventures of three young and innocent understudies of a detective, investigating strange goings on in a rural village. Said strange goings involve sex, surprise surprise, leading all the heroines into witnessing and participating in suspenseful and erotic scenarios.. . 10/10 visually. Very appealing animation and character designs in the relatively small pool of uncensored hentai. For those who enjoy rough roleplay and an adventure. On a kink level, really enjoy seeing demure heroines loose their clothes in sexual encounters.. . I'm not a fan, however, of anal sex, and there's ...
This is a good short episode (<5min) to watch if you like Miss Monochrome it really is just another side story in her quest to become an idol. No development of plot or anything but can be view as more of her efforts to make it big as a top idol. The fact it is a soccer themed episode has little effect on the plot. If you know soccer a few of the happenings in the back ground might give you a chuckle otherwise no soccer knowledge necessary to enjoy the episode. I was told i need to add more information to my review, therefore ...
'Good Night World' is as wide as an ocean and shallow as a puddle. It heavily suffers from trying to fit too much into a short runtime. There's just not enough time spent on each thing that it does, and instead it all just ends up feeling like an amusement park. It keeps grabbing your attention with something, but before that idea sets in the story has already moved on and might never bring it up again. It seems that the story author was trying to cram in so many different cool ideas that would be good enough to develop into an entire episode or ...
Good Night World might decent anime TV to watch where the theme about programming, gamer, game developer, family, shut-in, real life, virtual world, and human-like AI. The anime focus on character driven where most storytelling character driven is really good, however, it lack of world building, skill explanation, and fighting scene.. . The characters have many personality, but a bit of cliche that you can found typical anime. Some plot twist is not make sense, like a green apple that not ready to eat. The character driven result in multiple POV (point of view) where it get interesting, but the viewer could get confused.. . The ...
Ever wanted a strong future waifu who motivates you to be stronger? Ragna is, at best, a C-tier dragon hunter who devotes his life acting as nanny to a 12-year-old A-tier dragon hunter named Leonica, nicknamed Leo. To protect her from a particularly strong beginner dragon, Ragna joins forces with his future self.. . Acquiring OP-ness is a classic shonen trait, from One Punch Man to My Hero Academia. But what I like about how this trope is done in Ragna Crimson is that this OP-ness was already inside Ragna—just from the future. You often see a shonen protagonist work hard to make his future self stronger, ...
This show is an enigma.. . In a lot of ways, it's one of the best shows I've seen in many years. The worldbuilding is excellent, the characters are wonderful, the direction is nearly flawless - the whole thing feels lovingly crafted by all involved. Episode 8 in particular was one of the strongest single episodes I've ever seen, and I would happily recommend people to watch it just for that.. . Despite how strong it can be; boy howdy does it fail in some really spectacular ways. Specifically, there are some aspects of the storytelling which had certain characters feeling like they behaved completely out-of-character, and/or dismissive ...
Rating: 6/10. Unique:. Concept: Id: Invaded has a unique and intriguing idea. It follows a detective who can enter the minds of criminals to solve crimes. This leads to some surreal and visually stunning sequences.. Art style: Id: Invaded has a unique and stylish art style that differentiates it from other anime. The character designs are distinctive, and the backgrounds are often beautifully detailed.. Great:. Music Id: Invaded has a great soundtrack, with the opening and ending themes particularly memorable.. Voice acting: The voice acting in Id: Invaded is top-notch, with the Japanese cast delivering excellent performances.. Mystery: The mystery at the heart of Id: Invaded is well-crafted and engaging. The show ...
Horrible CGI, absolutely unhinged story writing and humor, borderline hentai fan service.. I finished the season and still don't really know what I watched, but I want more.. . CGI is comically bad. Which is fine because it's basically a spoof series, and the CGI components aren't the focus of the story.. The animation is also very simple, and combined with the bad CGI you can tell the budget for this show wasn't high. The animators did a phenomenal job of creating something fun with their budget.. . I won't try to rate the characters or the story because I still have no idea wtf is happening even after finishing ...
“Guilty Crown” is a visually stunning and emotionally charged anime that takes you on a rollercoaster of action, drama, and suspense. The series is set in a post-apocalyptic world where a deadly virus has ravaged Japan, earning it a well-deserved rating of 8/10 for its setting. This dystopian backdrop provides a rich and intriguing environment for the unfolding story.. . The animation is top-notch, with beautifully designed characters and breathtaking action sequences that keep you on the edge of your seat.. . The story revolves around Shu Ouma, a high school loner who obtains a mysterious power that allows him to extract weapons from people’s hearts. As he becomes ...
Yea, this is far the worst season if Kimetsu no Yaiba.. I am not joking. I loved all the previous seasons. . The story is pretty mid (I am not sorry). The only thing I can find interesting is they put 2 hashiras instead of 1. Oh, and genya. Blud didn't do anything in this season, so I am very disappointed in his return. If they want to add more supporting chars, they should've at least let us know their personality, characters first, but no. They introduced them like in 3 episodes and then they went into a full fight from episode 3-11. The way how they're tying ...
A tear-jerker, that's definitely over-hyped.. . Sure I shed tears on the right cues, so I could've rated it higher, but the fact remains.. this anime is just average.. . - Things aren't explained. Random events just happened. Stupid flying dragons suddenly turning red and dying, with no explanation. They don't even bother explaining much about the "EVIL EMPIRE" (people seem to be happy, was the empire even evil or not?).. . - The loom nonsense is just a bunch of gobbledygook with elves (or "Iorph", whatever they wanna call Elves in this) being all depressive and child-like (can't have anime without sexualizing 5000 year old children). Only time anything with ...
Digimon Adventure. . Either you loved Digimon, Pokemon, or both. For me, it was without a doubt Digimon and with this season my love for this Anime began. Each day before school, I watched the episodes and kept listening to the music over and over again. That was undoubtedly a beautiful childhood, unfortunately, childhood memories are always different.. That's why I sacrificed my childhood memories to watch that show again. This resulted in a very unpleasant disaster because as expected, it's far worse than you can imagine.. For kids it is still highly recommended, children are not interested in anything but an emotional story and that is exactly ...
DO NOT JUDGE OSHI NO KO BY MY REVIEW. I AM NOT THE TARGET AUDIENCE.. . Oshi no Ko is a show that everyone freaked out about when it was first released. It was lauded with praise and placed near the top of many "best anime of this year so far" lists. And this show is one of the most boring, uneventful slogs that I've ever sat through.. . The first episode is a movie. I watched it at my college's anime club. Two otakus die and get reincarnated as their favorite idol's twin babies. There's some...weird (read: illegal) overtones, but the ending of the movie was great. ...
A very normal High school romance with some mystery sparkled over. The show shines in its character writing and realistic character arc progression, which follows a very natural rhythm without using the usual big moment big change/realization character development seen in most shows, anime or otherwise. After finishing it, you feel like you can actually understand the full scope of the main characters, with mayaka maybe being the only exception. The writing and dialogue is exceptional in its subtext, though my poor grasp of the language hampered my ability to appreciate it to the fullest extent, and the English dub, sadly, lacks the same quality. ...
For all my strife with Kazuya, and some of the anime, I have to give it's just dues this season. Loved the character development for Chizuru and others, they did a really good job showing that growth. Even some for Kazuya at the right moments, but seeing him overtime, it's like I was watching a drop test of a smartphone where the phone survives the first few runs, but ultimately breaks on the last few drop test. I really want to give him credit where it counts though, moments of importance and the way he bust his butt for the movie project, makes me still ...
Expect brilliance and you'll be let down.. Come in for a laugh and you'll be presently surprised.. . Your enjoyment will skyrocket if you don't take it seriously.. . At first starting as an over the top social commentary on class in ye olde England that revolves on titular character Moriarty, antagonist to Sherlock Holmes.. . The world is seemingly crafted around this man. We get a few episodes of establishing his beliefs and why the people that surround him do so, gaining a little insight into their backstory.. . Then along comes Sherlock, who is a sparkling playboy that acts smart and 180's to goofball every scene he's in. Wanting you to root ...
An anime that belatedly reveals that it is based on the theme of revenge. As a setting, the anime adopts a Harry Potter-like magic school where all is rosy during the day and all hell breaks loose in the unseen parts at night. The reason I watch this anime is that the characters to be avenged are serious characters, unlike those in The Rising Of The Shield Hero. These characters are the teachers and the headmistress of the school; especially the headmistress, I got the impression of an Esdeath-like super-powered, monstrous female character. But the anime has 3 major downsides: The prologue is a bit ...
"Frieren: Beyond Journey's End" is a unique offering that leans more toward the contemplative and emotionally evocative style, akin to "Violet Evergarden" with a touch of "Wandering Witch: The Journey of Elaina." Set in a world where elves can live for over 1000 years, this series follows the story of Frieren, an elf who fought alongside humans and embarked on a remarkable journey with them.. . The tale begins with an unexpected twist: the demon king is already defeated. This story unfolds after the main events have concluded. A party of four, including an elven mage named Frieren, has vanquished the demon king, seemingly setting the stage ...
Nanatsu no Maken ga Shihai suru (2023). . Overall, it is like a 7 but it has a massive issue. This isn't supposed to be the power of friendship and slice of life, it is supposed to be dark, gritty, and full of revenge. It was supposed to be deep but in the end, it is Harry Potter with more selfish characters. People hide their powers when it matters and you get a deep set of allies everywhere but they basically do nothing.. . One minute you get a deep backstory, see the targets, and get ready for some revenge and it was great but then suddenly it ...
This was such a wasted potential. . This show had a very interesting premise, with some deep complex emotional and psychological topics, a nice story progression, a very interesting plot twist, with some relatively deep character development, just to throw it all away near the end, rushing into the finish line and disturbing their own established lore and logic.. . The characters are basically a family of strong players in a game, they help each other and act like a real family, but under the curtains they are people with miserable lives, using the game as an subterfuge to escape from reality, the main twist making it all ...
The second part of War of Underworld is a clusterfuck of magnificent proportions. Though the main storyline is consistent, the subplots are very chaotic and constantly changing what's happening.. . The story has lots of twists and turns while maintaining the goal of extracting Alice from the Underworld. Some episodes feel like collections of various deus ex machina while attempting to fit as many different characters into the episode as possible to create a big crossover. The anime also decides to display a blatant disregard for the concept known as death by randomly having characters that died appear both spiritually and physically. Basically every concept that ...
Through 3 episodes, Frieren appears to be a unique masterpiece in storytelling and worldbuilding, a bright spot in the middling fantasy genre, and one of the leading anime of the season, no, anime of the year candidates; I do not recommend it to 70% of anime fans.. . Don’t get me wrong, this show is absolutely amazing at pretty much every aspect of being an anime, and through 3 episodes, I literally can’t find a single gripe that I have about this series. However, I can easily see how the average anime fan would find the series “boring” or “uninteresting”. Frieren isn’t a flashy series: it ...
This anime gave me an identity crisis. I call myself a shoujosei fan but didn't like Nana? Scandalous.. . *Note: Since both the main girls are named Nana, I will use the primary narrator's nickname Hachiko when referring to her for clarity's sake.. . The first half of this was pretty interesting - it definitely felt like we were building up to a very touching GL story when watching Hachiko's various failures in dating men. There are allusions to it as well in her internal narrations ("Nana, if you and I were lovers, I wonder if things would have been different...") but overall, we spend most of our ...
It was fun, I mean it wasn't spectacular? It was fun. Do you know what I mean? As stated before by others, it's incredibly predictable and unoriginal (that sounds so bad but come on, what did we really expect) but it's still a pretty good time. I would say it is not necessary to watch this movie to understand the series at all. It has some lore but I don't think will affect the main series in the slightest.. . Art style remains the same from the series, very high quality.. . The characters are as you would expect from the series: kind of generic, predictable (sorry but let's ...
Definitely the best season, although I could never take it seriously because of the plot, but surprisingly here it is well crafted and doesn't cause much cringe. . And honestly I did enjoy the chapters, funny and entertaining, also, beautiful animation and very pretty girls. . Still, I hate Kazuya, tremendous ugly character and also the concept of renting a girlfriend. . But yes, the last chapters were very emotional.. . . . ...
This anime as a whole is written sloppy. Has it's well written moments that will tug at your heart strings, then rollercoaster into something cringy.. . Only difference is, this season right here was absolutely bad. more cringe than heart-string pulling. I've rated the first parts as fine, but this season I just couldn't.. . this is me writing a review for ANYTHING on this site that's how cringy it was to me.. . ....does this site really make you write something super long before it allows you to post your review, how silly, I prefer to keep my reviews short, simple and to the point, how dare you make me ...
After some months of thought, it finally clicked with me why I was super duper lukewarm on this anime. Jigokuraku has potential indeed but it's the little details that build up by the end of the season and bog down into an anime that is not bad or good, just middling.. . . Story-. Credit where it's due, this anime does accomplish a lot in its first season. Like the characters are already introduced to the villains, the power systems, and the history of the setting and I feel like the anime would be perfectly paced if it wrapped up in season 2.. Jigokuraku has an amazing setting, an ...
This anime is using the same recycle theme of Seven wonders but seems to not go for any character growth, meaningful lessons or feeling of progression towards a goal. This is a slice of life with tint of humor, horror and some supernatural.. . The only memorable aspect was the unique art style of the show. A unique color palette and style of framing was the only salvation of the show.. The animation is very limited and subpar, the character are quite forgettable and their goals or motivation are absolutely weak.. The movement are very stiff, they put a lot of still frames which are okay but when your ...
Honestly, for a Yoasobi song, this does exactly what you expected: a catchy beat, interesting chants and lyrics that perfectly captures the themes of the show.. . However, when you consider the nature of Sousou Frieren, which is an anime that does not follow the usual fast-paced and excitement of its fellow fantasies and is more of a tranquil and slow journey like Violet Evergarden, the OP really feels out of place here. A rare case for Yoasobi as the band usually has perfect ops or eds for the respective anime (most recently Oshi no Ko or The Witch from Mercury). Compare that to the ED by ...
Stupid, but fun. . In a world where necessities and usables such as food or items come from the drops of defeated monsters in dungeons, adventurers exist. Our isekai'd MC ended up as one of these dropped items for an unsuspecting and quickly-friended adventurer. And here it is guys; Even though our MC is level one, he has a cheat skill that gives him better and/or unique items from drops, which gives him the edge over everyone else. His journey continues with the typical isekai grinding and waifu collecting.. . An interesting premise that sounds pretty fun to watch, though it couldn't be said that the anime exactly executed ...
At first glance, this looks and feels like the average 90s sci-fi mecha show (because it is just that).. This anime goes by the idea that "you get (exactly) what you paid for" and it sticks with it until the end.. . . It is a good watch if you want your brain to reset and relax. There's no convoluted story nor adrenaline rush scenes. Although the anime doesn't shy away from nightmare-inducing scenes or mild nudity (so keep that in mind).. . . . . Unless you don't have anything better to watch, and you enjoy the 90s aesthetics, I recommend this anime.. If you don't like sci-fi, mecha, or those 90s jank ...
Rating: 7.5. . 156 episodes in, I've gotten a solid idea of what makes Gintama enjoyable/unenjoyable, let's keep it short:. . Good:. - Well-rounded, likeable and peculiar cast of characters that have great chemistry. They're one of the main reasons why I keep on watching. - Heartfelt moments; Gintama is anything but shallow. - Mostly engaging fight scenes. - Diverse in genres (action, adventure, comedy, horror, mystery, romance, supernatural, SoL, etc.). . ...
Basically the first season of SAO, but with better plot which still isn't really good, but at least things make more sense.. Sword Art Online is a series that popularized isekai genre, would seem that it's boring, but here is story with actually great pacing and art style that fits perfectly. I think this and the first movie are better choices to watch the series and it's worth to mention that animation is great but that is a movie so nothing special.. . Music gives really good vibe and fits the story, probably we all can agree that music in SAO is the biggest adventage.
This is a pretty average movie story-wise but with a very high production value. There's really nothing in the story or characters that stood out or made a big impression on me, it follows a very safe template yet somehow has a disappointing ending all the same.. . The animation is easily the strongest part of it as despite the middling story everything is in a lively Ghibli-esque art style. The soundtrack and voice acting are also solid, I have no complaints in that department. Despite the lack of charm it's worth a watch if you want a very safe movie that won't challenge you but will ...
ENGLISH:. The story is based on the classic anime model with a cold and calculating protagonist, bringing the main character (Yuuichi Katagiri) into a plot of psychological games between him and his friends.. In my opinion, it's a good anime to pass the time, but as the stages of the games pass, throughout the episodes, the results become predictable, but nothing that gets in the way of the experience.. . One unexpected thing is the use of violence, so if you don't like blood, it's not a good option to watch.. In general, it's an anime that I recommend, but it's not the best scripts and developments, fans of Classroom ...
in terms of story and pacing and characters the show is an average shounen anime, the only thing that really kicks it up from a 5 to a 7 is the animation and cinematography, it is DROP DEAD gorgeous. the action is great, the fights track nicely, the visuals are jaw dropping at times. this is a beautiful anime, if it had a plot as beautiful as its visuals it would be a 10/10.. . adding stuff at the end so the machine will let me publish:. . . Is the story unique? If it was predictable, did you enjoy it anyway because you like this genre/set-up?. Do you think the ...
Imagine watching a great political intrigue show, like LotGH, but every second episode it would switch to being a generic high-school romcom. That is kind of how this show feels to watch: I was blown away by the complexity of the negotiation scenes, and the main character must use her special abilities with skill and nuance, instead of being completely overpowered. It felt great to watch her be so smart about everything, unlike so many other isekai MCs. But then came the romance scenes, where she showed no more intelligence than an oblivious high school romance MC, which felt incredibly frustrating. The show tries to ...
For a series all about sweets, it is incredibly salty and bitter,. . I can't for the life of me take this series to heart with the number of infuriating moments the series has to offer, it's a good show with a lot of moments that makes or breaks your enjoyment of the series,. . The style of the anime is amazing, the animation, not so much considering there's little action and most of the times its still frames with only the mouth moving and that's alright since its focused on romance and making confectionaries with a lot of dialogues to begin with,. . The story is fine, the ...
"100-man no Inochi no Ue ni Ore wa Tatteiru" is at first glance the typical cardboard cut-out isekai anime we get every season, however this anime has an intriguing world building and base plot with lots of initial potential, this made me super exited for the future of this title but sadly it ended up not living to such expectations due to all the other factors especially the lack of compelling characters in the main cast.. . Plot: As mentioned this is the average isekai fantasy world type anime where the characters are viewed as heroes by the civilians in said world, however the whole ...
Honestly it is overall a good, meh-ish show you get what I mean ?. Like the mc carried this show on his back LITERALLY. Aside from his damn terrible taste in women he’s a pretty solid guy.. . I SERIOUSLY don’t understand why the hell is the female MC even the female MC, like the other side girls are bettter written and wayy more likeable. I don’t think anyone likes the female mc, she isn’t even given much emphasis in a lot of the episodes her only point of being relevant is that the mc likes her FOR NO REASON.. . Like some characters are top waifu material ...
That was really poorly done for a finale - 4. . . As the title says, this could've been written alot better especially for how long we waited for this which was 6 YEARS.. . To start off we had 2 filler episodes which you can skip because it has near no impact to the story later on.. . Then there's the whole Gasou Arc which was very swiftly dealt with eventhough she was meant to be the big antagonist of this story separating Masamune from Aki. Like this was meant to be a big issue for Masamune to have to get around but instead she was easily dealt with and ...
I Robot, U Robot.. . In a sci-fi future where Artificial Intelligence and technology have advanced past the point of stealing and regurgitating work by human artists and can create their original art, highly advanced androids called humanoids are becoming part of everyday life. They look, think and feel just like humans, only told apart by their amber goat eyes. Through the story of Dr. Sudou who specialises in treating humanoids, The Gene of AI explores the thorny philosophical and the morality of a future bordering on dystopian.. . Through his medical practice, Sudou hopes to find clues to the whereabouts of his humanoid mother's copied personality. Copying ...
In my opinion, this 3rd season of Rent a Girlfriend is quite different from the previous 2 seasons. This season is rich in emotions, and you can feel a real evolution in the characters, especially Mizuhara. Musically, just like the first two seasons, I found it to be very good. Rent a Girlfriend has always excelled in its music, especially the melancholic piano pieces, which I find exceptional!. . In brief, it's a very good season. HOWEVER, in my opinion, it's not a good season for the anime "RENT A GIRLFRIEND." Let me explain:. . Even though this season is well-executed and more mature, paradoxically, that's what bothered me ...
The reason that I came to watch Blue Orchestra was because of its theme, which is about orchestral and classical music. Ever since I had the chance to finish watching Your Lie in April, classical music has been a type of music that I have always been aware of. Besides that, coming of age is another element that’s a good accompaniment to the music genre of anime, making it more interesting by depicting the story of youths dealing with their struggles and chasing their dreams. In my perspective, the anime does have some flaws in terms of animation, but the story telling was somehow beyond ...
I actually had high expectations for this because it's an 8.15 rating on here (as of October 9th 2023) but I felt like this season is more of a set-up season. I expected either insane action or character-building, and there was a good balance of both, but they didn't really do a great job at either. This series needs to be great at one thing at a time. If you like gore you'll like this. It's a bit over the top. I DO however like the relationships that are built throughout the series. They feel meaningful and if I'm correct in the assumption that this ...
I've now watched 11 episodes of Jujutsu Kaisen series 2. There is nothing ostensibly wrong with this series: the animation is crisp and beautiful, the voice acting is engaging and expressive, the pacing seems to be fairly irreproachable. However, no matter how many manga readers try to tell me it's excellent and the rest of the current arc is amazing, nevertheless MAPPA have failed to grip me PERSONALLY. This is no slight on the writing of the source material, nor the production (which is extremely excellent)). Therefore, I must conjecture that Jujutsu Kaisen Season 2 is simply not my kind of anime
Well, how can I say it's basically an ASMR in anime form in a 40 minute OVA, if you like this type of content it's a way to spend your time. Issho ni Sleeping: Sleeping with Hinako has a trace for the time in which it was developed but seriously this is the last thing you would expect to worry about along with the development of our only present character. (Hinako), However, the very few interactions she has with us bring a little depth and richness to the work, even though it doesn't change anything at all.. In addition to the things mentioned above, it is ...
This is the most 5/10 series you could get. An isekai in name only with some cool spells and rules and boring creatures, characters who appear out of nowhere that are great in concept but get barely used, crucial character traits that are completely forgotten near the end and to top it off the most boring and repetitive character designs wearing decent outfits... I only watched it for the lesbians and even that aspect is mediocre. The core couple gets an imperfect and rushed development at the start, barely speak to each other for half of the series until the last 3 chapters and their ...
The second season of Hamefura is sure to please enjoyers of the fun vibes and warm empathetic notes of the first season. Catarina once again excels in being what fans have come to call "Bakarina": an amusing yet charismatically caring buffoon who seems eternally oblivious, but manages to stumble backwards into solving problems with her friends and her five brain cells. The dissonance between the situation and how Catarina perceives (or doesn't perceive) it makes for great comedy and permeates much of season two. The large, jovial, central crew of characters who came to love and admire Catarina in the first season reprise their roles, ...
The World Ends With You: The Animation is based on the 2007 Square Enix cult classic RPG, The World Ends With You. This came 14 years after the original and seemed to be released in tandem with the sequel game, NEO: The World Ends With You. As someone who played the original game and has it as one of their favorite games of all time, I was utterly excited for an animated take. That being said, I was ultimately disappointed with what was given to us. It would be unfair if this review were based on my feelings toward the game, so I will do ...
This is simply a special episode featured in the blue-ray version of "Ganbare Douki-chan" and as such it's just a filler episode and pretty skippable if you wish to do so, however it follows the basic blueprint of the main series so if you enjoyed that it's more content and having in account the fact that the episode is only five minutes I don't see why not watch after watching the main show. As usual of these blue-ray special fillers it has a bit more ecchi than the usual episode but nothing too outlandish.. . I usually separate my reviews by plot, art, etc but since ...
I think the anime is okay to good, but mainly because of the animation, which was definitely something for me, in 2 and even the 3D animation.. . Story: 5-6. . A typical story of a boy loves a girl and thinks he will never be able to get together with her, the support because of the forgotten glasses provides one or two good moments but after 13 episodes the fun factor also decreases quite a bit. . Characters: 5-6. . Kaede Komura seems pretty annoying after a while, but he is by no means the worst protagonist in a romantic comedy that has ever existed in anime and somehow there is something ...
I really really REALLY wanted to give it a 10, but after finishing this part , I just get the feeling that things were left out. I read the manga like a decade ago, and while I don't remember the details, I KNOW that we should've seen some particular fights and new reveals back in Seireitei before they went to the King's Palace...... am I remembering wrong, what's going on? Did they cut the content? Some reveals are really huge so I can't believe they done this. Maybe I'm remembering wrong, or maybe they will rearrange the events timeline tho that makes no sense because ...
Suki na Ko ga Megane wo Wasureta, or "My Love Has Forgotten His Glasses," is an anime that effortlessly weaves together the threads of romance, memories, and personal growth into a captivating and heartwarming tale. Within its concise storytelling, it manages to leave a lasting impression that resonates deeply.. . The animation in Suki na Ko ga Megane wo Wasureta is a visual delight. The soft and warm art style creates a soothing ambiance, perfectly complementing the tender emotions portrayed. Each scene is filled with subtle nuances, capturing the intricacies of the characters' feelings with remarkable finesse.. . At its core, this anime tells a relatable story of young ...
I watch subs and dubs. I tried this show dubbed first, looking for an easy background watch, and that was a mistake. The voice actors perform well, but the English translations were all 80's Hollywood action movie clichés and no substance. If that were my sole metric, I'd give the show a 3/10.. . Switching to the subs and re-watching the initial episodes made things much more palatable, hence the bump in my score, but even so the characters are boring stereotypes and flat. I couldn't get invested in them whatsoever.. . As for other redeeming qualities, the animation isn't stellar but it is good, and the ...
Honestly, I can't outright say this anime is a must-watch, but there's something pretty amazing about it. It's like your typical romance anime, but with a twist involving NTR that gets pretty weird as it goes on. It reminds me of those rumors in Japan about how messing with someone's feelings can lead to dangerous consequences, just like what happens in this anime. But setting that aside, the soundtrack is off the charts. I never expected it to be this good; I'd even put it on par with the soundtrack from "Seishun Buta Yarou." I'm seriously reconsidering my rating for this anime. You've got to ...
I changed my rating system back to default out of being fair to the creators. I think this show is average, so 5. With that out of the way I can get into this.. . STORY. . First time I watched One Piece I made it to episode 626 - 625 being my last episode and quit. Second time I made it to 'Water 7 Arc' somewhere between these episodes (227–263), I quit because it makes me fall asleep even after a good nights rest and can't finish an episode. Been trying for two months now and same result. The reason I restarted instead ...
Made for those of us in our 20s who want something even just a LITTLE more relatable out of the romance genre. Here our cast is split between working adults and college students, and the situations explored make it a perfect getaway from your overdone Festival arcs and Beach episodes.. . Sing "Yesterday" For Me benefits greatly from not having a traditional anime opening. The spared runtime alongside the perfectly-executed pacing early on allow each episode (at least the first 4-6) to feel unusually, satisfyingly long.. . Unfortunately, the second half of the show becomes a little sloppy. Evidently, this is around the time when a lot ...
You have the Avant Garde animations that in addition to providing interesting visuals and sounds they tell a story that is innovative, unpredictable, and thought provoking. These are the Avant Garde animations that are appreciated by most of it’s watchers - an example of this would be Perfect Blue.. . Then you have Avant Garde animations that put their heart and soul in the visuals and sounds, but in attempt to be a showpiece, they sucker the story making it entirely incoherent, and the conclusion lucid; leaving the viewers to interpret their own story by over-analyzing the conclusion, trying to make sense of it all. Some ...
Warning: This series reprises the original Arise story (and adds one new story arc), but it does so out of order, starting with the conclusion! Don't watch this series until you've watched the original films, or else start the series with episodes 3-8, then watch episodes 1 and 2 (the original Arise conclusion), and then episodes 9 and 10 (the new content) followed by GitS: The New Movie (2015).. . Now, some details: First off, GitS Arise: Alternative Architecture (or GitSA:AA) is a more-concise version of the four GitS: Arise movies, which basically focus on the creation of The Major's team (which eventually becomes the core ...
Weird, perverted, but fun. Maybe that's what came to mind when watching the first three episodes of the Gleipnir anime. Not only does it have a strange power system, this anime is also full of perversion that is presented erotically.. . However, as an anime viewer who doesn't really like the ecchi genre, for me Gleipnir is still fun to watch because the story is interesting, the pace isn't slow, and of course the action scenes are quite cool.. . So, from the first three episodes of the Gleipnir anime, it can be concluded that the story is quite interesting and intriguing. Especially about the origin of his type ...
If you dont have much time this is *fine* and servicable,. . but in reality I suggest watch the anime.. . The anime will give you chills and really make you ponder behind the struggling lives of Mangaka. This one is okay, but I feel it does not have the same emotional weightage as the seasons. . Basically this is the first two seasons, two high school boys want to draw manga for a living and they spend their high school and college days drawing manga. There are many interesting characters, such as the editors Hattori and Maori. . They are all nice people'. . ...
I genuinely did enjoy this anime in the beginning, up till around episode 5-6. The arguments and plot overall felt rushed and although the backstory for Yano and Hime were good, the build up and the argument just didn’t seem like overall that exciting. It did keep me interested in the story, but not too interested that if I had homework to do I’d prefer to do it then watch the build up and argument a second time.. . I started losing interest around episode 8 and found it hard to keep myself interested in the story, the way Kanako is trying to made into a villain ...
Super Star Season 2 is at its best when it is pure goofy comedy, e.g., with the gender bender dynamics. It is passable, sometimes good, when we see characters working hard to overcome challenges. It becomes nearly unwatchable when its cartoonish (lol) villains are part of the plot.. . I'd recommend this for people who expect to like this kind of story. It's not my favorite, but I still overall enjoyed the donghua and I'm glad I picked it. Animation quality varied.. . The villains are portrayed as magnanimously powerful, a huge corporation with access to lots of resources, but at the same time they never seem to do ...
I think this series storyline familiar some serious, and gender transformation and kill ayakashi, this story also similar some series, I don't want to mention it, because I don't want to spoil this series. But if I have a bigger objection, if this series is 17+, so why nudity part is covered? It doesn't make any sense. If this recommend Ecchi part, it can see in this series, but it is biggest disappointment for Ecchi (R+) lovers. So I am big disappointed to this series, story can acceptable, but this series doesn't fullfil viewers expatiation. They can make this Ecchi part more freely. That's all.
I loved the animation, art style, and music. The romance is a bit awkward and kind of bait but nothing out of the ordinary for a romance anime.. . What turned me off is the constant fan service and bleak MC. And that's saying something because I personally enjoy ecchi and I see myself as a connoisseur of said genre, but not when someone who looks like they're from middle school is the main attraction of the fan service. It's anime logic but lately I've been sick and tired of the stereotypical trope where they sexualize underaged looking girls but actually their real age is 18+ so ...
The story is very good and inspiring even though it is a bit dark, so the story is unique, a healer who can take anything with his healing skills. The plot really has a revenge story, although for some people this is a bit unpleasant and makes you emotional.. His character is strong and second to none, like he can rule the world. The supporting characters are also okay, their emotions are understandable and their behavior is difficult to predict.. creating a genre like this in my city seems funny and challenging.. At the end I didn't really like the storyline but it was still okay
I decided to watch this anime because of the good references it has, I had very high expectations, I won't deny it, but no matter how much I tried to find something interesting in it, I couldn't.. I knew beforehand that the anime was somewhat confusing, that it had a lot of symbolism and also something metaphorical, from my point of view they did not know how to take advantage of these resources appropriately.. The story develops in a flat and unfunny way, the ending did not surprise me, I think it was somewhat predictable. In my opinion it would have been better if in ...
Panty and Stocking is a nice anime.. . The problem with this anime is it felt too "American". Panty and Stocking was an attempt to appease to the western market.. . It did not work well. The jokes were fine. I like on-edge jokes, Ghost Stories Dub was just that.. . This one felt very lazy though. It tried too hard and barely tried at humour I felt like.. . . The story is about Panty and Stocking and they are trying to go back to heaven. Instead they are stuck fixing peoples problems. Either going back to high school, etc.. ...
When I watched the first season of Umaru-chan years ago, I found it quite entertaining. But unfortunately I cannot say the same for the second season.. . Without making the review too long, I will say that I don't care about Umaru's group of friends, all of whom are very annoying. The entire entertainment value of this anime was the goofy but sweet things Umaru did during the time she spent mostly in her room and the relationship she had with her older brother. While character development is very important in fictional stories, Umaru-chan is not that kind of story and it should have stayed the way ...
2023 is now upon and the GOAT MAPPA or so they say brought one of the dark shounen trio hell's paradise, this anime's story is pretty engaging, gabimaru the hollow is a feared ninja that is indestructible that was quote on quote betrayed by his village and now is sentenced to execution and long story cut short sagiri an asaemon clan samurai takes him on a quest to find the elixir of life to escape execution and go back to his wife. Pretty decent storyline more or less but it's execution leaves something to be desired. First of all, it's world building is incredible ...
This show relies on gore and rape as a gimmick to "entice" you to watch, but after that it gets stale and generic really quick.. . The premise is OK, but gets stale in which the MC is only interested in, you guessed it - slaying goblins. He has the personality of a potato, but for some reason every female character seems to fawn and dives head first into his "harem", if you even call it that. This is an asexual, one-dimensional character.. . Doesn't break the mold, you can watch it I suppose but for the life of me I don't see the appeal. It's alright, ...
like other horror anime this show fails horribly at scaring viewers. the visuals simply are not scary, and the characterization is none-existent so you cant even worry about what fate they may potentially suffer if you don't care about them in the first place. . the mystery is at least interesting and unexpected with it's twist. but there's not much reason to care if the show is just otherwise uninteresting.. . so why did i give this show a 6? because i think it's funny, it's horror slop that can be pretty fun to watch. the ending sequence never fails to make me laugh with it's weird logic. ...
Reideen is the epitome of a slow starter. Though it does find its footing a bit towards the end of its run, it's a show that requires patience in the early going, because the first 10 episodes or so are a real slog to get through.. . One reason for that is the uninspired setup. If you've seen one "high school student is chosen by an ancient artifact to pilot a mech and defend Earth from an alien invasion" show, you've seen em all, and Reideen certainly does nothing to distinguish itself from that crowded field early on. Another factor is that the big mech action setpieces ...
I love summertime render, it has become one of my favorite anime on every rewatch! It has surprisingly stunning art direction. I am a big fan of Ushio, one of our main characters. The series animates her hair with this strand like quality. Her movement is fluid and satisfying, and damn whoever voiced her in the sub did a good job.. . But major warning for anyone getting into it, the series has a very large tone shift midway.. . Originally, I pegged the show as some kind of indie mystery horror anime, which it excelled in. But as the story progressed the show became more of an ...
This is a twofer review (aka Letter of Complaints) for Aries and Orion.. . In terms of art style, the new series has it in spades. It's not perfect, but it is most certainly quality. Watching the Reloaded special episode (23 in Orion), it was awesome to see some of the old strange designs ironed out for past characters. Unlike the original, the pacing of the story has ramped but not because the over arching storyline was complicated, but rather poor pacing of character growth. Like the original series, lots of characters don't get much development (ie. Handa, Shourin), but this ...
I was feeling meh the first 2 episodes but in my opinion, the final minutes of the third episode captured a magic feeling that the very first FLCL gave me. A very flawed and questionably animated sequel but ultimately I enjoyed the feel it was going for on the third episode. I think it could've been better for the first 2 episodes though. None of the jokes really landed for me and the dialogue felt a bit stiff at most parts, Haruka and Orinoko were definitely the highlights for me. I also think people are a little too harsh on the amount of CGI in ...
An interesting anime story about japanese mythology, young love, idol culture and the purposefull spreading of misinformation on the internet. I'm only partially joking.. . I won't go into detail about the story or anything, so I'll just say that the anime begins as a pretty standard japanese low-fantasy plot, with the MC setting out to help supernatural beings. The twist is, that every encounter takes what feels like hours and nothing really happens, because the gimmick of the series is that it's about crafting compelling stories to satisfy the curiosity of the listener. It's structured like interesting detective work, and while the stories told aren't bad ...
This anime is so pretty, but beyond maybe about episode 6 or so, it's so frustrating how irritating this anime got. I really want to like it more than I do because it's a really cute show but AUGH THE AMOUNT OF MISCOMMUNICATION AND CRAP SHE'D GET HERSELF INTO BECAUSE SHE'S BE SO STUBBORN IN TRYING TO DO THINGS ONE SPECIFIC WAY WAS SO ANNOYING. I **WISH** I could have liked this anime more than I did but the irritation got to me, unfortunately.. . I know it's a period piece and isn't really meant to be judged by today's standards, but it got hard to ...
The animation was pretty good as expected from Antechinus. Character design as usual was great, the NTR premise was repetitive for sure but not horrible or cruel like other animations. Both episodes definitely suffer from having a 16 minute duration since they end up cutting scenes entirely. Removing the final sex scene present in the source material honestly disappointed me since Antechinus usually keeps everything when adapting a doujin,occasionally removing small moments of dialogue instead of flat out getting rid of full sex scenes. Overall a 7/10 for me, would've been much higher if they hadn't removed certain scenes and instead had a longer run ...
This is without a doubt an anime to "pass the time", one of those animes where you turn off your brain and don't worry about understanding the story or the character development, one of those animes that you put in the background while you do homework or clean .. . It's actually not bad, it's just mediocre, just another isekai to kill some time.. . You will like it if:. ◼ Do you like isekai. ◼ You don't like to think, or you don't want to do it. ◼ If you just want something to kill some time. . You will not like it:. ◼ If you are looking for a deep story with development ...
A3! is a perfectly fun anime as long as you don't take it too seriously. Does it have the best animation, or the most solid plotline? No, not by far - but if you enjoy a little tomfoolery and a whole bunch of pretty boys, I'd say go give it a watch.. . Now to delve into it a bit deeper; A3!'s about a theater that's about to be demolished when director Tachibana stops it and promises the owner that she'll make the company profitable by the end of next year. And so starts a rotation where each 6 episodes 5 new guys prepare for a theater ...
this could of been good but its to focus on visuals which are good but everything else ends up a mess. . story 3. there needed to be more narration. while normally with movies and shows it should try tell things more with showing. do to the history and connections there needed to be more telling. to help the viewer to understand the connections and characters. the main character and the emperor are the only connections and place in the story that is clear. when it comes to the women it is pretty hard to follow and becomes incoherent. which is bad as in a ...
Pacing problems, pacing problems, pacing problems. This season should have been 15 episodes or so. In the pursuit of a 24 episode season they stretched the content to the point of breaking.. . If you were the list the sequence of events, it would be a very good story. It IS a good story; we have the manga right there as proof. But so many sequences were repetitive, establishing information we already had. It became exhausting.. . It’s definitely better to watch this season now that all the episodes have been released, since you can actually power through to the plot lines—simple arcs take 3 or more ...
Helck has a interesting fantasy premise, compelling mysteries with large-scale consequences for long term payoff, and humor that delivers more often than it doesn't. However, I ultimately found this production disappointing.. . STORY 4/5. The two primary story beats of Helck's motivation and identity plus the political and supernatural intrigue between the demon and human nations is really interesting and promises a really satisfying payoff.. . CHARACTERS 4/5. Helck as a story point is very interesting, but seems to require more patience than I have to be invested in him. The female MC is both the straight man and the voice of the audience, specifically in relation to our questions ...
Charlotte (2015) is a supernatural anime series that follows a group of teenagers with special abilities. The protagonist, Yuu Otosaka, has the power to possess other people for five seconds, but he uses it for his own selfish gain. However, when he is caught by a mysterious girl named Nao Tomori, he is forced to join her student council and help her protect other students with special abilities.. . What makes Charlotte unique?. . One of the things that makes Charlotte unique is its concept of "special abilities." Each character in the series has a different ability, such as the power to collapse space, read minds, or even travel ...
This had SO much potential, but ended up going into so many tangents that it ultimately became boring. The main character becomes involved (not romantically) with a bunch of different girls, that it's almost like THAT'S the actual plot of the anime - him helping out a bunch of random-ass girls to figure things out, see things from a guy's perspective, and/or self-improve. Meanwhile, the actual story we came here for gets put on a hiatus until the last 2 episodes.. . I'll give them props for actually having a SOMEWHAT decent ending, because to be honest, I was half-expecting them to completely screw us out of ...
I've heard nothing but praise for this movie through the years and I know it's very influential, so I decided to check it out expecting to be blown away by a masterpiece... That didn't happen. I don't know if my expectations were just too high but I found it hard to enjoy it.. . Its strength is definitely the animation quality. It's very good for the time it was released. And though the art style is not my favorite, there are some really beautiful visuals such as when we see Neo Tokyo for the first time. And the sound design is pretty cool too. I'm sure it ...
This anime has a lot of heart, though it's a big shame how poorly it's presented and written. I got into this thinking it was a story about a war between dogs and bears, which is a fascinating concept. In actuality, the story revolves almost entirely around the dogs, with the bears merely being an evil group of monsters who are barely more intelligent than regular animals. There are many plot holes and every cliché imaginable within the plot, and if not for some strong characters, I would probably not even give this a pass. Overall, it's highly flawed, but charming, and a mercifully short ...
The best season of Kanojo Okarishimasu, it's good to follow the entire process of creating the film and the way they worked on Mizuhara's feelings towards her grandmother.. . The other girls end up being pretty subdued this season, but unlike season 2, it's possible to understand why they focus much more on the Mizuhara-Kazuya-Avó nucleus.. . The only thing that stops this season from being even better is the protagonist, even when he's being nice and doing sweet things he still manages to be stupid and annoying, everything about him has to be a gigantic overreact and he manages to interpret absolutely every situation in the wrong way. ...
Birdie Wing is a surprisingly engaging show about the world's most boring sport; golf.. . I'm surprised how engaged I got with all the matches and genuinely cheering for Eve and hoping she could get out of her bad circumstances with her family. The stakes of them losing their only home gave what could easily feel like repetitive golf matches the necessary tension. With the addition of her beginning to reach higher and care for her craft Eve was given plenty to work with as a character. Gave her some good depth.. . The characters definitely are the highlight of this show. They're all very charming with unique, eye ...
Story: 2/5 unique. Art style: Good. Character's well-roundedness: 3/5 author took one or two traits and went with it. . The anime itself is a fun watch if you are looking to skim or speed through something during a meal. It does have unnecessary fan service, an unnecessary amount of "I love my brother""I want to bath with my brother" moments which is annoying. But if you are just skipping around, its not long enough to disrupt the plot.. Would not suggest this anime to anyone looking for a serious-not-skipping-a-single-moment watch.. Only reason I have a somewhat higher rating is because compared to some other bottom of the barrel reincarnation ...
“Level 1 Demon Lord and One Room Hero!” is what happens when You dial up a bromance up to 11.. . The Hero Max and his companions are able to defeat the Demon Lord. Ten years later the fiend reawakens. In the body of a small androgynous child. Eager to fight his adversary again he quickly tracks down Max. Unfortunately the last decade wasn’t kind to the former hero. He became a lazy slacker neet. After the initial shock the Demon Lord decides to move in with Max and get him in shape both physically and mentally so they can have their rematch.. . Not gonna lie, the premise ...
This is a budget version of The Eminence in shadow.. . Instead of MC being chunni, it is his sister who becomes chunni after watching anime via MC's magical streaming skill (yeah. MC is almost god level as he can do almost anything including connecting to google search). And she has all these delusions of our MC being a secret hero of justice, fighting some evil organization etc.. and MC can't refuse his sister's desire because she too cute, so he goes out and fights some evil now and then.. . I will be honest. while i was watching this, the only thought in my mind was ...
I watched Yoru wa Mijikashi Aruke yo Otome, also known as The Night is Short, Walk on Girl. Here are my thoughts:. . This movie is the spiritual sequel to The Tatami Galaxy (Yojouhan Shinwa Taikei), and I enjoyed this movie much more because it didn't have the awful whiny MC that made me dislike The Tatami Galaxy so much, although other familiar characters are present, such as Higuchi and Hanuki. The art style is also quite similar to The Tatami Galaxy – I appreciated it. The visuals are creative, unique, dynamic, and entertaining to admire; it is a nice satisfying visual feast. Overall this is a ...
I watched both seasons of Youkoso Jitsuryoku Shijou Shugi no Kyoushitsu e, also known as Classroom of the Elite. At the time of writing the third season has not yet aired. Here are my thoughts:. . This anime is about classes of exceptional students who compete with one another for ranking and currency within their school system. The story feels like it was created in the mind of a teenager, but it is watchable and does create suspense. The plot is sometimes impressively intricate and does a good job of weaving together the actions of many independent parties in a competitive environment. That's essentially what Classroom of ...
I watched both the Haikara-san ga Tooru movies, also known as Here Comes Miss Modern. Here are my thoughts:. . This anime is about a tomboy who is pressured into an arranged marriage with a half-jap soldier in the Japan army. The story takes place during the first couple decades of the 20th century and has a socio-historic flavour that some viewers may find appealing. It involves a lot of social issues in Taisho-era Japan, mainly involving female gender roles. It is somewhat interesting from a sociological perspective, although the plot velocity and runtime constraints limit the depth to which these themes could be explored. Even so, ...
I watched Minami Kamakura Koukou Joshi Jitensha-bu (including the Taiwan special), also known as Minami Kamakura High School Girls Cycling Club. Here are my thoughts:. . The title of this anime accurately describes the content. There's minimal 'filler' material in here – the screentime is nearly always focused on cycling in some way. I appreciate anime that consistently stick to their theme, unlike so many other highschool anime which devolve into formulaic episodes unrelated to the show's main selling point. Minami Kamakura Jitensha-bu could be described as formulaic as well, in the sense that the storyboard is what you'd expect for a show about novice cyclists, but ...
Reading some of these reviews and seeing people compare this to the likes of Mushoku Tensei - or saying that this is a rip-off of Mushoku Tensei - I mean, come on. I can understand that, for some people, this might be their first isekai, but comparing anything to MT is going to lead to disappointment. Even in the realm of "great isekai" such as 'Reincarnated as a Slime' and 'Overlord', MT stands out as a work of art.. Although, if we are being honest with ourselves, EVERY isekai follows the same general premise - they just go about it in different ways.. . Anyway, let's talk ...
English.. What a great episode, I think what was most expected from the series was this, a match between this group of extraordinary people in basketball, for me an episode that I think we all wanted and it fulfilled us in every way.. Not only is it an episode in which this group of friends got together, it could be that they haven't played anything in the entire episode and have only put mini frames but I'm still satisfied, for me a great farewell to the series, not only do we see a farewell to the series but ends with a celebration towards the series itself (although ...
I loved the Anohana series. It was amazing.. . This movie was good. It had one glaring problem, it had almost 0 new content. If you have watched the show, you can legit skip this and go on.. . I feel like they rushed the last episode and this movie was meant to be a replacement for the last episode cuz I also agree they rushed the last episode.. . What I thought is that there would be completely new content in this movie.. . This is basically retelling the last episode with extended scenes, and at least a quarter of the movie was recollections of past when menma was alive. . ...
first of all this anime is just another rom-com with simple story and rather uninteresting characters.. . animation: nothing special really. so normal not like MAPPA or Ufotable. 6/10. story : simple yet fun story and sometime predictable 6/10. characters : there are not very top tier characters but some of them are fun to watch like the boss and Shinozakis sister. 5/10. sounds : music is good but not god tier. of course what do you expect? its a normal rom-com show. the voice acting is fine. shimazaki Nobunga is great in his role and does well in his role again. 7/10. op/ed : the songs are so ...
After the brilliant first season, which I enjoyed more than anything that has come out in recent years, my expectations for this were brutally shattered by the nonsensical mess I witnessed. Watching this part of the season felt like riding a rollercoaster (don't you just love it when your favorite shows slowly get fragmented into parts? I'm just thrilled. Will we get a Part 3 of the Final season here too, in let's say, 10 or 15 years?). The first three episodes felt like a long, slow, and rather dull build-up to a potentially good start for a classic Mushoku Tensei magic adventure character-driven story. ...
I don't usually watch the harem or ecchi genres, but this one caught my eye simply due to the animation, which is the first thing I consider when starting an anime. Studio Gekkou outdid itself with this anime. The character designs in this anime are truly exceptional. If you are someone who enjoys appreciating good animation then I suggest you watch Temple. Overall, Temple isn't great, but it isn't terrible either. Obviously, there are several sexual themes, dirty jokes, and misunderstandings. I feel that this anime does all of these right. It's actually funny and not just, "Hey, look! Boobs!" However, the plot is lacking, ...
The show is just some mid tier revenge porn for impotent poor people that needs to parasitically latch on to a famous body of work (Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's) to even manage to be remotely successful.. . The setting is quite uninspired, the characters are one-dimensional, the premise is far-fetched and far from believable, and the plots are for the most part basic. The visuals are fine, albeit bland.. . The intro and ending segments are a terrible mismatch, but at least they can be skipped.. . All-in-all, if you're poor and feel powerless in life you'd probably enjoy it. If your standards are high, odds are that you won't.. . And it ...
The Maneko of the House.. . The Masterful Cat Is Depressed Again Today is the antithesis of a Studio GoHands anime. Not only is it a GoHands anime that is actually watchable without vomiting all over yourself due to the studio's nauseating gimmicks, but it also captures its strengths as an animation studio without relying on those very same gimmicks.. . The story is simple. Adult mess and cat lover Saku takes in a stray cat who becomes more than she bargained for when that same cat grows twenty times its size and becomes her live-in housekeeper, chef and emotional support system. She doesn’t understand why her overgrown cat, ...
Sama kaya seri Jojo lainnya, nontonnya capek. Lawan Diavolonya kurang berasa, kaya cuma kabur-kaburan terus oper-operan panah stand requiem, tapi gw suka suasana mafianya sih,apalagi yang pas bagian kiriman balok es itu.. Openingya boleh ya, Requim wo wow woah~. Endingnya Jojo gw jarang denger, palingan yang Roundabout karena itu juga karena meme.. . Just like other Jojo series, it's tiring to watch. Against Diavolo it doesn't have much of a feel, it's like just running around and passing the requiem arrows, but I like the mafia atmosphere, especially the part where the ice blocks are delivered.. The opening is okay, Requim wo wow woah~. I rarely hear the ending of ...
First thing I noticed since the first episode, is that the animation is amateur.. Maybe the animation company is relatively new and makes its first steps into making anime, or the budget wasn't so flexible, so many scenes feel a bit awkward. The music was sometimes too loud or out of place, and the background also poorly decided.. Nevertheless, they did their best in putting up a cute anime together, and I enjoyed how the relationships of the characters developed, even if each scene very expected. You can tell they tried hard.. The scenes at the bookstore had a very nice atmosphere and the introduction of a ...
Re:Zero kara Hajimeru Isekai Seikatsu 2nd Season Part 2. . I like Re Zero, it's an anime that I would love to see multiple seasons of. It's interesting and can be very compelling despite its flaws. HOWEVER, I don't think Re Zero is a good anime. The concept is interesting and has great potential, but the author is not able to use it efficiently. As a result, a lot of character development potential is wasted, in this part, for example, it would be Echidna. I still don't understand what her presence in the series is for and why she was degraded from an interesting character to a ...
Re:Zero kara Hajimeru Isekai Seikatsu 2nd Season. . . After a mediocre but still entertaining first season, the anime managed to convince me reasonably positively with a decent sequel.. Of course, the Anime/Novel is not an award winner, but for an average series, it can be relatively proud of itself. The episodes still have very balanced pacing, the subject gets to the point quickly and there is hardly any tension lost.. Re Zero thrives on some subtle twists and revelations within the plot. The way from one main moment to another can seem a bit monotonous from time to time since you also know how often the protagonist ...
Drenched in pastel shades with a distinctively cute art style, this anime might first appear as a typical heartwarming slice-of-life series. However, as the episodes roll on, certain consistent undertones become hard to brush aside.. . The central fox deity, despite her age-old backstory, is presented with a jarringly childlike appearance and behavior. This heavy lean into the 'loli' trope, complete with recurrent jokes about her youthful demeanor, can detract from the intended comforting theme and make for some uneasy viewing moments.. . While some might breeze past these elements, for others, like me, it tends to overshadow the potential charm of the series. As with any show, it's ...
I will start this off by saying that I have not read the source material for this series so keep that in mind. I really enjoyed the first season of this series, I thought that the pacing was good and the characters were interesting. I was intrigued by the story of these kind of misfit spys coming together to make a team I thought for the most part season two lost everything that made season one good.. . At times I found the pacing for season 2 felt random was hard to follow, the story seemed to have done some for of time skip from season ...
A very chill and kind of short movie that somehow manages to feel like it's two hours long despite being barely an hour long.. . It starts off with some neat sllice of life scenes from the NEETs, we see their daily life here and there but for once it felt kind of, how should I put it...emotional? Like we've seen time and time again just how pathetic their life is and how little meaning they seem to have in their privacy. They do nothing but laze around, walk around and jerk off until it's either time to eat, take a bath or sleep.. . But then Totoko ...
This is a slice of life variant of that time I reincarnated as a slime. It is set during the first season of that time I reincarnated as a slime and you can't really watch it without watching that first. You don't have to watch the second season though.. . The story is, as you'd expect from a slice of life, not very consistent or interesting. Every episode is about something new, generally a holiday from Earth that Rimuru tries to implement into the world he finds himself in in some way, shape or form. Some of the episodes actually contain additions to the main anime; ...
Mashle has an extremely intriguing premise that easily sets it apart from other anime: a comedy shounen parodying Harry Potter that has a gym junkie for a protagonist? Sounds great on paper. That said, the execution falls short of the potential, and Mashle ultimately stumbles in trying to balance its tone and storytelling.. . It has to be said that this anime is comedy/parody first and everything else second. Yet while mostly funny (though far from a laugh riot), its surface-level lore never manages to grab one’s attention in a meaningful way, and its attempts at serious storytelling fall on deaf ears as these moments become jarring ...
This particular cour was the worst by far in what is otherwise a fantastically done anime. Misstep after misstep. It wasn't unwatchable by any means, but it was oftentimes painfully boring. The characters and the relationships they had with each other were put on the wayside in favor of drawn out battles. The political intrigue plot was so poorly done it was almost embarrassing. Also, was the long Levi backstory really necessary (I'll admit I never was particularly fond of Levi as a character [sacrilege, I know!], so considering the prevailing attitudes towards him I assume most people will enjoy it)? Though I did appreciate ...
well the story is mid as it tires to do everything half baked ! the humor is too illogical to digest, the action scene had some potential but executed half heartedly, the background score was average at best, male lead is somehow a good one but not utilized by the plot well & the plot theme is so much interesting but is ignored several times, honestly i started to watch this series because somewhere i saw that this has harem & romance with an op male lead ! boy i was wrong ! as the male lead is powerful but not shown that much which ...
Insomniacs after school is not a bad anime, but neither is it a good one.. I felt sort of bored throughout the story, as if I was just watching it for the sole purpose to watch it rather than for enjoyment.. There were definitely many scenes that moved me, and I related heavily with the main characters and their issues with insomnia/sleeping disorders, but most of the characters felt quite bland and unoriginal.. . The art scenes with the starry skies, golden clouds, or shots focusing on Isaki were beautiful, and the animators definitely did a good job on those. This anime is basically just eye-candy. The animation is ...
It's fine. It's repetitive, and most of the beats you can guess what happens. This isn't a revolutionary anime and definitely was born out of some weird fetish for big-chested soft-spoken shorties. It's an office "will they/won't they" anime.. . But overall it's not inherently annoying or problematic in any way.. . Characters - 5. They're mid. Shinozaki is super mid and more of the interesting characters are those around him than anything else. Their chief boss Akina is actually my favorite in the office.. There's actually a different pairing, Hayakawa x Akina, that comes up a few times -- and I actually prefer that pairing to the main one ...
It's an alright anime adaptation but I think it pales in comparison to the manga. The art style didn't translate super well to 3D and loses all the rough and mutable charm of the drawn style.. . Story sort of loses some of the bite (pun intended) with the art not being as strong as well as Legosi's thoughts being voiceover instead of written around him. There's not much they could have done about that so I don't blame them but this story seems well suited to comics and much harder to bring to animation.. . All in all, it's okay. I'd personally recommend the manga over the anime ...
Jumped into "Another" expecting spine-tingling chills, and in terms of atmosphere, it genuinely delivered. The whole "cursed class" theme felt fresh and wasn't something I've come across often. But while the plot kept me engaged, I found it somewhat predictable, perhaps due to my affinity for the horror-mystery genre.. . Visually, the art style was spot on - dark, moody, and perfectly fitting for such a creepy storyline. It accentuated the suspense, and the intricate details in certain scenes enhanced the overall eerie vibes.. . Character-wise, I had mixed feelings. On the one hand, I appreciated that Kouichi and Mei weren't the typical invincible protagonists. They had their flaws, ...
the art is strange, and the anime have some problems, especially on the first episode the constrution and the way the things happen dont make much sense, but not like the nosense of the original flcl,the things just dont work, but ep 2 and 3 are really good, i think thats not really bad or good, but its underrated, the points of view are really nice, the ost (the pillows never fail) and caracters are good too. so, thats a good anime, but doesnt have something really especial to watch. i wish that FLCL shoegaze can be FLCL in a better way
I've been watching this anime for quite a while, and now on my third rewatch, I think!. And here I decided to Mix Feeling, I want to say it's a recommendation but it's not very good, I want to say it's not a recommendation either, but I liked this anime at one time.. . The weakness I feel is that the story has too many problems, and the only one at the center of the problem is one character, If I don't count wrongly, maybe around three times he got into trouble and that many times the MC had to save him.. In other words, this character is ...
I liked the first season, but the second season took a nosedive. It went from pretty good Overpowered MC anime to just nonsensical in season two. The whole rumors and traditions thing seems confusing and arbitrary, and in the end really seems like it was more created to drive the plot than to plausibly explain how an entire race works. It's possible that this is the reason that the spirit race appears to only actually be a handful of entities, though there is no explanation for why only those rumors and traditions were personified.. . They spend a TON of time in the time travel ...
The Deer King is not like Princess Mononoke. It is not trying to be. It is not about the same things as Princess Mononoke. This movie has a character that rides a deer and there are wolves, but that does not make it the same. Don't let all the media-illiterate reviews drawing parallels between this movie and Princess Mononoke/Studio Ghibli movies bias your attempt to understand The Deer King. Trying to view it through that lens will just decrease your ability to understand it.. . Pro:. Visually, this movie looks very good.. . There is some interesting world building and a decent story.. . Con:. The most glaring issue is that this is ...
I played football.. Never played volleyball and basketball.. But Blue Lock worse then almost any spokon.. This anime - just mix Hunter x Hunter on football theme.. Just pretend - scorers with only scorers skills plays how defenders a most part of time . . . already such nonsense.. Their learning and matches even not close to real footbal.. 3D graphic is just horrible, most time we see just static view already. Nothing visual pleasure.. Interesting competitions between characters - is all that have this anime.. Character breakdown for main person too sharp and not reach ur soul and feelings.. May be before wasn't anyone cool spokon on football theme, but this ...
One of the most popular anime. An anime that is often recommended for beginners. Which was also one of my first anime. The series is based on a very simple story of good and evil.. . The main character Tanjiro, is a typical shonen protagonist who is a simply written, generic typical nice guy who is perfect and has no flaws. Unfortunately he didn't get any further character development in the manga, so he remains as flat as he is now.. Zenitsu is a character who is supposed to be annoying, loud and obnoxious.. Insouke is an energetic character who is also the best of the main ...
To be honest, I almost gave up on this anime around episode 5, as at that point despite the good vibes of the show in general, none of the jokes had really landed. I'm glad I stuck it out, and really when the episodes are as short as these it wasn't any real struggle.. . The strongest point, for me, was how visually interesting this anime ended up being, despite how few setting changes there are. I really enjoyed the styling of the various booksellers and employees. I also tend to like episodic structure, and that was no different for this anime.. . The main sticking point for me ...
A lot of the time, video game adaptations are hit or miss. You will undoubtedly enjoy this show whether or not you are familiar with the Nier videogame series, but it will certainly be helpful if you are to understand how things came to be because many technical terms were just thrown around without much of an introduction or explanation.. . Since there are little discrepancies between the animation and the game, it cannot be said that the animation is an exact replica of the game. Except for some poorly executed CGI, the animation's visual design and acting were excellent. With the original voice cast from ...
I'll watch any isekei anime, even this one! If you love isekei anime, this is worth watching. If you don't absolutely love isekei, I recommend you give this a hard pass so you don't hurt your brain. It's fun to watch, but it really makes no sense how barrier magic, the protagonist's only skill, can substitute for literally anything. The MC is way too OP, and has no ambition just like this anime. So why did I give this a 7? Because I will take any isekei, even this one. This is one of those shows you watch once and then forget about forever. But ...
It's kind of difficult to start reviewing this anime because I still don't really know what to think about it.. . The entire theme covered in it is something that particularly attracts me. The conception of advanced technology at a level we have not yet seen in our real world.. In Ai no Idenshi, the world and the beings that live there are completely technological, in addition to human beings, there are humanoids, coming from the advent and advancement of technology that I had mentioned and the anime's main theme is the dilemmas experienced on a daily basis. by these humans and the relationship of these problems with ...
The eighth Pokemon movie begins with a sequence showing events from years ago, during a medieval looking era. It was when the main Pokemon of the movie were introduced, Mew and Lucario, and also Lucario’s trainer/master Aaron, a kind of knight from a palace or kingdom. At that time, there was a war happening between different kingdoms, using Pokemon and people as soldiers. At the end of the sequence, Aaron abandoned Lucario and his kingdom, because of the war. Unfortunately, this left Lucario sad and confused. That was the most interesting part of the movie, maybe a good idea for a spin-off about that time.. . Back ...
Don’t hate but also don’t really care for this sort of anime. It’s just not my thing. I can sometimes do gag humor and cute girls doing cute stuff, but i don’t know if it’s the cast or what, but I was not jelling with it.. . I would say character designs are pretty strong, along with the animation in general. But I think the characterization just also isn’t for me. Feels more obnoxious than funny personally. I can’t really enjoy it all on its own.. . The voice work is also just fine. Not particularly noticeably good or bad either way from my viewing.. . Some gags and episodes in ...
I have to admit that I'm bias towards this series. It's based upon a game which I rather enjoyed; otherwise I probably would have completely overlooked it.. . But I need to put my bias aside and give it a fair score: it's okay. 5/10.. . It's a competent show. The characters are well fleshed out, they gave Tao more relevance than in the game (which is welcome), and it follows the story from the game rather accurately. There are even little scenes in the show that had me pointing at the screen recollecting the occasional side-quest. The sound design was on-point, and they went through the effort of ...
Another generic isekai with an overpowered main character and a simple generic plot. Though it still functions as another simple and comfortable way to spend your time.. . Am I Actually the Strongest plot revolves around Haruto, who is led to believe he is weak and barely has any powers, but actually is incredibly strong. You then follow him trying to build a lifestyle where he can live as a shut in, that just can have a simple comfortable life. He is of course forced to use his powers to protect the lifestyle he so desperately wants, which slowly makes him realize that he might not be ...
"When one trope starts, all else starts to follow." - A random anime weeb. . Do you remember a little show called Senpai ga Uzai Kouhai no Hanashi a.k.a My Senpai is Annoying? It aired back in Fall 2021, courtesy of Doga Kobo, and it was one of the popular shows in that season (that was dominated by Mushoku Tensei Season 1 Part 2 and Komi-san, to name a few), that was heavily influenced by Spring 2018's Wotaku ni Koi wa Muzukashii a.k.a Wotakoi: Love is Hard for Otaku, also another popular show from that season. And within the span of 5 years, we get yet another ...
BLEACH-Complete Review. . Thousand-Year Blood War Arc - Review part 1 and 2 (contains spoilers from part 1). . Prologue. . I can't be the only one who have shed tears though out all of these early episodes.. It only took about ten minutes when I first heard Orihime and Chad, then saw them to ACTUALLY FIGHT.. Of course ICHIGO came in with a Bankai. I can't even imagine what fans of the series must have felt after they’ve waited 10 years to finally see and hear them again. It's crazy emotional, even for me who only knows them for like a year now. I have to ...
This show is starting to make me mad. You can't stretch out a romance Anime and have it be good. If there is a fourth season to this I dont know if I'll be able to watch it. Season 3 had barley and romantic development between the MC's and I'm thinking that season 4 won't be any different. Rance animes are not ones that you can stretch on for seasons and seasons without the MC's being together. Usually I wouldn't bash too hard on an anime if I watched the whole thing but this is starting to get repetitive. MC tries to get closer, once ...
Don't hate me after reading this. The main reason I give this series a low rating was my poor languages skills. This anime is rich in metaphors, personification etc, which makes it hard for a person with poor communication skills and grammar to understand.. But on a personal note, this movie has one of the best animations that I've seen in anime. The natural sceneries and smooth animation is so good that I made it my PC wallpaper at some point of time.... Regardless, if you can spare 40 mins of your time you should give this anime a GO...
A fairly classic edgy "Victorian all-stars" detective action show that will instantly amaze you with its incredibly cool combat animation and strong atmosphere in the spirit of Black Butler or Princess Principal. If you like these types of shows inspired by The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, then here you will find everything you could be looking for. Ranging from Victorian homoeroticism (FoYay between Shizuku and Carmilla is one of the best I've seen in an action show) to a full cast of 19th century memetic characters. Although the mention of Aleister Crowley among fictional characters made me laugh a little, yes.. . I'm glad that three ...
This movie is the definition of "okay." It's not bad, it's not good, it resides cleanly in the middle.. . You'll have a moderately amusing time watching it and it has some interesting designs and visuals. I'm not too big on 3D anime but it did an adequate job, I think the more unique art style helped it in that regards. Stylization can go a long way in making 3D look less plastic and soulless.. . The story is the biggest weak point. It's very disjointed and forgettable. Even though I watched it very recently I'm having a hard time remembering how all the different scenes and plot points ...
Eh, it’s cute enough.. . This is pretty much just a filler OVA, so I’d only recommend it if you REALLY love Full Moon wo sagashite and want a little snippet of extra content (based on the story, I’d assume this is set within the first 10 episodes or so). I don’t exactly get why they couldn’t transform into their normal Shinigami forms and fly there (subsequently avoiding the dog and bird mishaps), but this little adventure is otherwise alright. Plus, I have to give it props for not being particularly fan-servicey like most OVAs of the same nature.. . Overall, I’d give this a 6.5 (rounded to 7)/10. ...
This one was great as a child, I would rent it at a video store over & over. With that said; that is the mindset you need to get into this one. It does have some mature themes going on yet introduced in a soft manner for basic understanding.. . It does fall flat however when you are older and watch or re-watch it. I never had the privilege to watch the SUB so the DUB is all I'm familiar with. The voice for 80's TMNT cartoon Donatello is the main protagonist's voice in this show.. . Essentially it has slice of life vibes that ...
Mushoku Tensei is a masterpiece, but unfortunately the anime completely flops the first part of season 2. Once we finally get to the conclusion we've all been waiting for they change what happened and it's much less emotional and speaks much less about the character than in the manga. I can't advise enough to just read this arc and once the arc is over whether you continue reading or not is up to you. But the anime is a major downgrade from the manga this season. I would say it stays consistently good throughout part 1, but never strives to be more than just "Good"
Did you ever think about what a mix between Monster and Time of Eve would be like? It’s called Pluto and it’s a very good manga that’s getting an adaptation coming out in October. AI no Idenshi is not that series, but it’s the one that could have been, as it presents a setting with artificial people living among humans, blending in in ways that on occasions the rest can’t tell much difference, while also the main character initially wants to know more about an underground illegal seller of artificial brains, or well, more like, a “fixer” of them, and possibly the one who ruined ...
“Death March to the Parallel World Rhapsody” is what happens when You have a generic boring premise and equally boring and cliche execution.. . A 29 year old programmer has to work late to make changes to a game his company is developing. Exhausted he finally is able to go to sleep after a crunch. He wakes up in a world similar to the one in the game he helped develop. He even uses his nickname as his new name. Because of an unfortunate event and the fact that his idea, he wanted to implement in the game happened to be his new reality, he goes from ...
Disappointingly mediocre is probably the best way to sum up this anime. Borrowing on the CoTE high-school competition formula this aims to be a little less serious and a bit more.. 'colourful'? Truth be told that's probably the best that can be said. Overall it doesn't do anything inherently wrong.. it's all just so average that after the end of 12 episodes it feels very 'meh'.. . The plot involves our mc typically battling through various confrontations to an underlying story (and motivation) that only briefly comes up a couple of times almost as though an afterthought. The characters whilst delivering on their roles don't really have ...
DNA-focused anime, ID:Invaded, Plastic Memories...what has become of this barren land of science fiction that's not much focused in the world of AniManga? Is it that authors have a burning desire to share with the world the possibilities of AI, or are unwilling to cash in on a niche product that'll not catch on?. . This season, there was one show that's more than enough to take on the premise of the world at large and its studies on AI, and that's mangaka Kyuuri Yamada's AI no Idenshi a.k.a The Gene of AI, a manga that lasted 87 chapters within 8 volumes, serialised between November 2015 and ...
I shed a tear to Rent-a-Girlfriend??? What has the world come to? Is this reality?. . Rent-a-Girlfriend is at the butt end of a lot of jokes in the anime community, and hated by many, understandably so. You might ask, then why are so many of these losers watching this absolute joke of a show? There’s a simple answer. We eat unhealthy foods all the time, we have fast food, instant noodles, sugary junk, that we all know is bad for us, but we still eat it anyway. If anything, RAG does a nice job in keeping the fools coming back for more, by sprinkling in some ...
The Hot Vicar of Dibley.. . If you’re looking for a slice-of-life rom-com that is cute but predictable, safe and at times a bit boring then here is Saint Cecilia and Pastor Lawrence.. . The story revolves around Pastor Lawrence who lives with and looks after Cecilia, a mythical Saint said to be sent by god to solve the people's problems. However, Cecilia harbours an enormous crush on Lawrence who is so dense you could mistake him for rock. This is the beginning and the end of the joke spread over twelve episodes.. . Okay, that's a bit harsh. The show can be very funny in that cute way ...
An anime that contains many logical errors and has a main character who is still a teenager despite graduating from university. An attempt was made to fill the gaps in the script by focusing on the comedy element, but I can't say it was very successful. Okay, the first few chapters were fluent, although they had their shortcomings. However, after episode 8, I changed my mind. It would have been possible to have a different end of the world instead of the zombie element, considering the characters. For example, a very deadly epidemic. There are places where it is successful, but it is not enough. ...
Only watch this if it gets another season. If it doesn't, you might want to reconsider. This anime is left EXTREMELY unfinished, with a lot of unanswered questions at the end, and so the overall experience might be rather meaningless to some.. . All things considered, the reason I'm giving this an 8/10 is because despite all that, it's still an enjoyable and cute story, with a lot of potential. The plot is interesting enough for you to want to figure out what'll happen next, despite the constant mystery elements that keep getting brought in. It also really helps that the art and animation are on the ...
This was one of those animes that I was content with. It wasn't anything new or crazy in terms of story progression and theme. The 3-D visuals were definitely something that the animation studio was playing around with and I feel it made some scenes feel out of place because of the choppy transitions from 2-D to 3-D. Episode 10 is where this anime peaked. The emotional connection between the two MC's was developed quickly yet smoothly through that episode which made the final 3 episodes feel slow. The ending episode was really disappointing as well, I was hoping for something bigger but I guess ...
Darling in the Coffin.. . Synduality: Noir is a futuristic sci-fi anime where the mechs are small and chunky and also require an R2-D2 shaped like anime waifu’s or a butler or even a black guy, in order to function properly. Drifters use these mechs to scavenge a post-apocalyptic setting for treasure and resources to bring back to their human colonies called Nests whilst fighting off weird alien bug things called Enders.. . There's not much about Synduality: Noir’s premise that you can point to as original. In fact, now that the season is complete I can say that it's honestly a bit derivative. However, that doesn't change ...
Sexy Transformation Jutsu.. . If you’re looking for some completely shameless yet delicious anime trash to shovel down your gullet then may I recommend Ayakashi Triangle. A show about exorcist ninjas, spirits and big anime titties.. . After his battle with the king of Ayakashi, spirits that can be either evil and a danger to humans or small, cute and pull pranks that conveniently result in the viewer viewing panties, and sealing him away after he tried to eat his childhood friend with magical powers, Suzu, Masturi is struck with a curse changing him into a hot girl with big anime titties. Now they need to figure out how ...
HIII BARBIE HERE >.<!!!!. Another review by me into the perspective of a woman.. YES i loved the soundtrack theme in general, the photography, the patrons and the following of the story, the great director and creative dude who helped in princess tutu and evangelion and my fave karekano did that labor, the talented and incredible CHIKA UMINO, did this well put it.. My trouble is something more social focused, I liked the characters but my female girls DESERVED better, idk why the fascination of women in asia writing about man, what she did with morita and takemoto she could do it with hagu or ayama, but she ...
My mind played a trick on me, convincing me I watched this when I was a child. Guess I was wrong (or I really can’t remember it at all). So before reading this review please note that there is no nostalgia involved which will clearly affect my rating as well.. . Animation 7/10. As expected from Studio Ghibli movies the art is beautiful and makes you feel like you entered a completely different world. However, compared to other Ghibli movies I watched, it seems to lack in some aspects. It’s still beautiful and lovely. Especially considering the time this movie was made. I’m sure it was ...
There are a lot of mixed feeling about The Devil is a Part-Timer!! out there, with a lot of them being somewhat justified with how long it took to get a second season and it feeling rather disappointing. The story in season 2 part 2 (really hate the part system) has picked up in pace from part 1, and even though it hasn't regained it's full grasp it had in season 1, I had found it to be enjoyable.. . Whether you continue to watch after this point is hinged entirely on if you're hooked into the story or not, since this seems to be one of ...
This anime only beckons me to ask y'all a very realistic question: How would the shows you loved in the past turn out to be in a few years' time...or in this show's case, 10 years' time?. . In the span of a decade, the reverse-Isekai fantasy comedy surprise that is novelist Satoshi Wagahara's Hataraku Maou-sama!! a.k.a The Devil is a Part-Timer, went from being a classic relic of the early 2010s, to an absolute sad state of a dumpster fire of the 2020s being no different from just about every other Isekai cash-cow work-turned-anime that has been released over the last few years.. . As a venerable fan ...
Season 1 of Spy Kyoushitsu a.k.a Spy Classroom — getting to know the main characters and the setting...that ultimately overpowered itself in its own heft to do an adaptation right.. . Season 2 of wannabe spy girls ready for their mission — it's Lights, Camera, Action!. . There has always been the saying that novelist Takemachi's Spy Kyoushitsu a.k.a Spy Room is one of the most notorious hard-to-adapt anime adaptations that absolutely butchered the impeccable LN when it first came out back in Winter. And with one more season of the anime to prove its worth, does Part 2 a.k.a Season 2, finally justify what its prequel season set ...
The series follows a female protagonist suffering from Japanese Nutcase Syndrome (JNS): a condition where the individual is extremely and excessively polite, apologetic, and worrying of everything around. She meets special people who are diagnosed with a zodiac condition whereby certain events trigger their morphing into their respective animal. The story revolves around her and her attempt to resolve their problems.. . The artwork is typical for this year and therefore, I would say it is fine and under expectations.. . The story script is finely written and considered abnormal, given the focus on the protagonist's JNS, constantly.. . The characters are considered well designed and acted. Each character presents ...
This is my first review so, bear with me if you want to.. . Fr having a heart attack when Mitama called herself as "boku" when they first met. I thought to myself that, holy shit am in a meth right now? But I guess that is just what Mitama likes to call herself as. Or is it?. . But take that aside, the show really has a fucking interesting first episode with the suspension, mystery, and all that including a surprisingly good animation and character expression throughout. But all that just dipped down especially in the second half of the show when it start to be obvious that ...
As someone who likes to graciously pen at least one review every quarter, this season was uniquely terrible to write for. This summer constituted a unique combination of shows that I largely can’t/wont review for a variety of reasons that I will now list: the show is getting unceremoniously delayed because the anime industry never ceases to be incompetent, the show is two cours so it won’t finish until December (there’s like three shows I considered watching in this category), shows only notable because its studio is a living meme, sequels to shows I haven’t seen or caught up on, spin offs and sequels to ...
My reason for giving this anime a "mixed feeling" is because I can not recommend this anime to Everyone.. I personally loved it, but if you expect a fantasy anime then this is not for you.. The story itself isn't really focused on the fantasy setting, and it's more of an "everyday" story set in a fantasy setting.. So if you expect a lot of magic (and for the magic to matter), it might be better to watch other animes.. For everyone else, I can definitely recommend this anime.. Every episode finishes with a cliff hanger that makes you yearn for the next one, and every single episode is fleshed ...
I initially thought with a promising first episode and music that made a good impression, that I would have another shot but good series on my hand. Turns out I just happened to lose interest in this thing and just didn’t jive with the plot.. . How things developed felt… clunky. I don’t really know how to put it. And I thought the promising stuff from earlier on that made for a good impression sort of faded over time to a pretty standard and meh show.. . VA work is fine but nothing to really applaud.. . Still enjoy the music.. . I even do think there is some decent action and animation ...
A wholesome show with a unique look that unfortunately leaves much to be desired with its story and characters.. . The strongest point of this anime was the unique combination of CG backgrounds and objects paired with 2D character animation and vfx, as well as the cool but sometimes goofy camera animations. This alone is already enough to recommend the series, but not with much weight because its weakest point was the lack of interesting narrative and progression in the story. It's all very much in a bubble that stays still in time.. . There is not much payoff to be had here. Suki na Ko ga Megane wo ...
"Undead Girl ANIME Farce". . POSITIVES:. - Character-filled. - Art Quality. - Voice acting. - Bop OP, good ED. - MCs chemistry. . NEGATIVES:. ...
Undead Girl Murder Farce was probably the talk of the season in many circles. From Reddit to various YouTubers, this anime showed a lot of promise to a lot of people, but unfortunately, it never delivered on its promise.. . At the end of the day, I feel like it was still kind of entertaining. The fights were somewhat cool, the character cast was interesting, and the mystery parts in the show were also pretty interesting.. . But unfortunately all of it fell apart when there was no proper "glue" to stick them together into a coherent, interesting storyline and there are a few key problems in the ...
Kengen Ashura has returned with the first part of its second season and is exactly what you'd expect. Some good fights with way too many characters to actually follow what's going on.. . I must admit, going into this season I did not remember what had happened in the slightest from the first season and needed to watch a recap. I say this because this likely influences my opinion of the overall plot so take it with a relative grain of salt. That being said, Kengen Ashura is definitely a show that benefits from the binge watching model of Netflix. The large number or characters from fighters ...
If you enjoy collecting shoujo animes, you might want this movie to pass time.. . Animation: Nice but low-budget. It has a pretty art style, so the lack of actual animation isn't bothersome.. Plot: Rushed. It could have been great if it was a 13 episode anime.. Characters: You will barely get to know them, as there's not enough screen time. The male leads have potential, but the heroine's background is not relatable (sheltered rich girl).. . This movie shows a reverse harem with 5 suitors; they are competing as a team in a "handome boys popularity contest", with a 10million reward for their team, so the whole plot consists on ...
Well this movie is pretty solid, its not bad and not that good either, the word "pretty good" pretty much sums up the entire show.. . This show is centered on parallel worlds and how people from another timeline or world line could somehow swap with themselves from another world line and stuff. Well the premise is pretty interesting and has a lot of potential but somehow I don't feel like they explored the topic enough.. . Story: 7. Like I said before, the plot is pretty interesting but the execution is lacking, the way the story is told somehow feels rushed and lacks emotion, stuffs are happening all the ...
One of my favorite animes this season. The relationship between Komura and Mie is very nice and Mie is a very funny character. The romance that builds between them is satisfying and sweet. They did not kiss at the end or even confess. 1 star.. . The trend of romance anime that builds and builds the relationship, where the characters obviously have feelings for each other but never end up actually dating is sickening. It's absolutely disgusting. While the buildup is nice and the situations are funny and it has cute, wholesome moments, this anime was never going past season 1 and we were never gonna see ...
The way the anime unfold remind a bit of a Movie . A massive advantage of this anime is that have a very good representation of how many year of abuse can trap someone to live a lonely and sad life. Although it is very amiable that show the healing processes of the abused mind and a lot of time the greater enemy is ourselves . Other than that i wouldn't describe it as amazing or a must watch anime .It is pretty chill with nice animation , coloring but is lucking in other perspectives as is story telling and or character development. Defiantly ...
Why does everything feel so unearned in this arc.. . Nothing scratches the itch. The Upper 5 is underwhelming as hell and the Upper 4 probably stands toe to toe with Daki and Gyutaro (those two are the best thus far). More plot armor and the way we find out about the plot armor is infuriating. The emotional conflicts and decision-making/strategy barely has any effect on me as a viewer.. . I was one of those people that dropped KnY a few episodes in then gave it a chance years later so I've been binge-watching and was just thinking that even though I could see where people are ...
Onimai could be seen as a passable anime but in my humble opinion I do not see the enjoyment in this show.The concept of this show is different and original but the thought while writing this show seems a bit strange and the concept is strange in my opinion.I do not want to give instructions or put my ideas before others but I do not find the thought of the dedicated and wonderful staff of the studio to change their focus from the elaborate and expressive world of Mushoku Tensei to the strange and inferior world and idea of Onimai. Even though I personally find ...
One-Misfitted Man.. . The first season of The Misfit of Demon King Academy balanced a fine line between the satire of the overpowered magical high school chunibyo light novel protagonist just like what One-Punch Man did for Shonen battle manga, and just more mediocre light novel bollocks that must be taken seriously by the viewer. I couldn't tell the difference and I genuinely enjoyed the complete and utter “Did you really think stopping time is enough to stop me?” nonsense of Anos Voldigoad.. . Unfortunately, season 2 answered my question and the answer is mediocre light novel bollocks that the viewer must take very seriously because this is now ...
"The Girl I Like Doesn't Realize She Can't See Shi* Until She Gets to School" xD. . Positives:. - POV male protag exists!!!!. - Aesthetically beautiful. - VA quality. - Bop OP theme. - Wholesome. . Negatives:. ...
I watched Koi to Uso (including OVA), also known as Love and Lies or Koi to Kuso. Here are my thoughts:. . Koi to Uso is about a group of highschool students in a world where marital partners are assigned by the government. Most of the story revolves around the MC's affections being divided between his government-assigned partner and the girl he naturally desires.. . My first impulse was to drop this, and for about half a year I did, but I ended up coming back to it out of curiosity. What I discovered is that Koi to Uso is an utterly ridiculous show but it has enough redeeming ...
I watched Sengoku Night Blood. Here are my thoughts:. . This is first and foremost a reverse-harem show (it's an otome-game adaptation). If that doesn't appeal to you then you shouldn't watch this. If you don't want to be surrounded by hot vampire werewolf warrior men in a historical Japan setting, then this is not the anime for you.. . Unfortunately I think the premise of this show is not used to its full potential; the supernatural elements of the story aren't really explored at all, even though they are what makes the show most unique – definitely a missed opportunity there. Instead, much of the dialogue revolves around ...
I watched Onihei. Here are my thoughts:. . I dropped this halfway through but picked it up again a few months later and managed to complete it. Overall it was pretty mediocre but did have a couple positive qualities. Foremost, this show does a good job of depicting the 18th-century Japan setting, both visually and from a sociological perspective – many social themes that prevailed during that time period are featured in the writing (ex. caste system, prostitution and infidelity, criminality and law enforcement, gambling and drinking). This anime can be interesting from a sociological perspective. That said, I found the constant focus on burglaries became boring ...
Nothing of note happens in this show. The mix of CG and "traditional" animation is awkward and unappealing. Unnecessary musical performances by an idol-like figure are positioned within episodes at random - this seems to be a marketing stunt if I had to wager a guess.. . The partners that accompany each mech pilot are slaves. They might be "robots", but they have zero distinguishing features from their human counterparts except that they are required by some sort of hardware-bound contract to obey their owner's command. Things get even more strange when it is suggested that humans can have sex with these contract-bound characters.. . The titular character "Noir" ...
I watched Vatican Kiseki Chousakan (including OVA), also known as Vatican Miracle Examiner. Here are my thoughts:. . This anime is about two religious scholars who travel around investigating the validity of various miracles on behalf of the Vatican. This show has an intense Roman Catholic theme that is quite unique – I really appreciated this aspect of it. However, aside from its strong unwavering commitment to this rich Catholic theme, this show isn't well directed. The actual screenplay and script are kinda dull. Furthermore, as much as I love the premise, the writing is undeniably super amateurish and feels like a novel you'd find in the ...
Is it possible to form a relationship through a girl forgetting her glasses and the boy that is in love with her, then helps her with everyday problems. But is she really forgetting them or is it just an excuse to get close to him?. . The girl I like forgot her glasses is another romcom that follows two highschool students and how their relationship evolves. It works from the premise that Mie often forgets her glasses and thereby leads to lots of problems throughout her day, Komura, who has a crush on her, then starts helping her with these problems.. . The premise gives room for a lot ...
from a huge fan of the game already, it felt rather underwhelming and i dont quite think it did most of it justice - if youre interested in the. franchise, i feel like playing the games and reading its stories would be a far better experience specially since a lot of it gets cut out or. significantly trimmed (with an example being jingle bells getting boiled down to a single episode with barely half of its scenes at best). i. guess it could do its job as an introduction, but i feel like if you arent into it already itd be. extremely forgettable. . gets a six ...
Story: A boy likes a girl because she always forgets her glasses.. Animation: Sweet Lord Jesus, it's a mesmerising blend of 2.5D and 3DCG...that could it hail the comeback of the infamous studio GoHands?. . If there is a lesson in AniManga that the veterans have suffered through and the newbies have not, it is that "less is more". No, I'm not talking about lowering quality for quantity; rather, it's setting expectations straight. But to that, you might say: Come on, when it comes to works from the infamous, primarily 3DCG studio that produced one of the god-awful shows of the 2010s (a la Hand Shakers), how can ...
I don't know why this doesn't match the synopsis I read.. There are many anime whose plot initially looks promising but doesn't go forward, just like this anime.. After growing up, MC knew that his father's actions were wrong and MC decided to improve himself. Yes that was the initial plot but what happened? Why are you trapped in a temple full of girls? How stupid is the MC in this anime? Or if you don't know why not look for another temple, that's something you should do if you really want to repent.. . Basically this is just empty talk from the MC, and as long as I ...
First show back to the good old days of OVA action. Thankfully, my expectations are rather low for 90s OVAs as in the main, the best you can expect is just above average. I guess this is a good thing as Gunnm really did meet my expectations.. . The animation to good for the time. It's definitely nothing special but it does a gold enough job. The pallete is nice, varied for the time. It doesn't stick to the low saturation, pastel colours that linger in the space between grey and beige. Again, same with the animation itself, the colour is still average, not bad, not brilliant. ...
After a period of zombie genre overexploitation, this anime is released without much ambition to be relevant in this realm. Having only watched 8 episodes (all the main characters have appeared), I have come to the realization that this series is primarily a comedy lacking in humor, a drama lacking in interest, and a romance based on the most insipid ecchi elements. The zombies themselves possess a mishmash of characteristics but lack any distinct personality beyond bleeding rainbows. It is entertaining to watch due to the spectacle of its visuals, but it feels empty both in terms of its characters and its messages.. . The combination of ...
There's a lot of style here, from the fairly uncommon setting, to the unique (if hit or miss) soundtrack, to the distinctive character designs, to engaging action sequences and relatively high production value. The first episode and the last 2 episodes are especially good, so it starts and ends well.. . The thing that ruins it is that the creators left pretty much nothing for the characters or plot. The show clearly is trying to do too many things and it really needed to cut some of the content off so everything was more cohesive. If they cut the kid, the show could be more focused on ...
An inherently intriguing premise and a bubbly lead character comically fighting fate itself give Hamefura a lot of promise, but poor pacing and a tendency to stray away from the main story end up undermining the show's momentum and cheapen key moments. It's still a fun and playful watch with bountiful humor especially carried by the antics of Catarina, the lead, but the simultaneous potential for depth and suspense set up by the show early on ends up being disappointing.. . Hamefura is powered by a great premise and a compelling twist on the isekai model: with the protagonist Catarina reincarnated as the lead villainess in an ...
This season was kinda mid compared to last.. . I will not bore you with the details, but realistically it was a letdown. There was way too much fight and devil scenes compared to the everyday life part.. . Comedy was also hit or miss. Alus Ramus is amazing though and deserves most of the credit this season.. . Animation is actually not too bad. . . OP still is quite bad. ...
I liked the characters, they are all socially awkward and imperfect. That makes them relatable to me and human. There's a depth to these characters that makes the tragedy of Miyo's life all the more heartbreaking. The story is complex with twists and turns that keep the viewer guessing. I like that because predictable stories make something not worth watching. It is hard provide examples how such, as it'll create spoilers that would ruin the series. What I can say is that Miyo's constant Self-deprecation will resonate with some viewers who can relate to being made to feel worthless and unneeded. Kudo is a ...
This show tells a story that you won't find anywhere else, it keeps you hooked episode after episode, and I honestly think this could have been a 10/10, but they fumbled the bag so hard, that I was left sitting in awe.. . The first half of the anime is amazing, it tells a great story, and uses perfect juxtaposition between the 2 main characters, but also uses that to its advantage by showing they both have another side to them.. . When it comes to animation, the first half (yea, again) is amazing, their use of cgi brings the show to life more than any other anime.. . Sadly, ...
I really wanted to like this. But I can't score it over a 4. I could debate giving it a 5 cus the girls are cute. But for an anime being about ASMR, I would at least want the ASMR to be more decent. It has its good triggers but I get pulled out instantly from the talking and then of course the ending theme. If it was more soft spoken I would've given this a 7 for sure. It really feels like it was made by someone who only had a basic understanding of ASMR and has never felt the sensation in their life. ...
I've seen plenty of anime in which someone challenges another to a game in order to gain status, or points from another. To name a few. Baka and Test, Classroom of the Elite, Kakegurui, even the good old Yu-Gi-Oh. And I usually like them all. However, I feel this one was poorly done.. . It started out good. You got new student who becomes top of the class by obtaining the liar star, by accidentally beating the best girl on the island in a game he had no idea how to play. Then has to lie about being the best to keep her secret, while also ...
I'm gonna come out and say it. This is just discount Xenoblade Chronicles 2 with a sluggish, meandering setup and a smorgasbord of tropes and character archetypes from some of the more illustrious mecha franchises crudely mashed together. I'm hard-pressed to believe that this show's story and setting was drafted by Hajime Kamoshida of Aobuta fame.. . That said, the aesthetics and character designs are quite easy on the eyes. But the character themselves do not get a passing grade, unfortunately. Starting off with Kanata: he's just a run-of-the-mill "got something to prove" main character who stumbles upon a macguffin that conveniently pertains to something his ...
As a huge fan of kentaro yabuki's To Love Ru, and someone who enjoyed Black Cat, this show sort of missed on all cylinders. It basically tried to fuse those 2 shows, and it didn't excel in either. What happened. Why is everyone so apathetic towards this show. Needless to stay, this probably isn't getting another season based on comments from twitter, so we are reviewing this based on what is here so far. Yabuki may not get another series animated for a while.. . It wants to be an ecchi, wants to be an action show with lore, wants to be a romance, wants to be ...
That season is absolutely disappointing. As someone who read the whole LN multiple times I can say that while they're following the story quite well, they are throwing out some of the small but important phrases and jokes so some of the scenes make much less sense and may be confusing. What's even worse, the quality of the show in general dropped drastically compared to the first season(which was amazing, by tha way). It's painful to look at those cheap animations, poorly drawn frames and other stuff after what the've done in the first season. Hope it would change later, because the story itself is ...
Can someone tell me: has the Mecha genre really grown over the past few years? And no, I'm talking about everything else other than those affiliated with the Gundam franchise. In my mind, certainly not.. . Mixed-media projects are always a big gamble for companies, especially when they're new ones looking to stamp their reputation from the get-go. One recent example that I can think of was of Square Enix's Deep Insanity project, which was collaborated with Ubisoft, and look at how that turned out: the anime was a douche of an embarassing flop back in Fall 2021; the manga adaptation, which had its own standalone timeline ...
So...Skip and Loafer. I heard about it through Amazon recommending the manga to me quite a bit, and I skipped out on the anime version when it came out because I was busy watching other things. Then some of my online friends were praising it up the wazoo. One day, I was bored and decided to sit down and watch it. I will say, while I do like the anime, and it even does a lot of things I wish more romance anime would do...I feel like it could have done more. The premise goes as follows: 15-year-old Mitsumi Iwakura is moving to Tokyo from ...
BONES, once again, fails to include a few 'not-so-important' yet intriguing elements from the manga in the fifth season of Bungou Stray Dogs. It feels like they're rushing to churn out another 12 episodes, resulting in a noticeable budget cut. This budget constraint makes it challenging to enjoy the series; for instance, even when a character is just one meter away from the screen, they lack eyes. A glaring example of this is when Ango takes a photo of Dazai in his hand; they didn't bother to draw his eyes, only depicting a smiling face.. While the story of this season remains engaging, BONES' negligence in ...
By far the worst season of Mushoku Tensei. This season grapples with a lack of a cohesive narrative direction, particularly noticeable during the initial five episodes and with later episodes with pacing. Plus, it seems like the earlier seasons' charm is somewhat missing, with more talk & less action, not to mention Rudeus doesn't show as much growth, both in terms of maturity and character development.. . Critique and explanation of MT Season 2's mediocrity:. Quick TLDR (for those in a hurry)- Introduction to the season took too long. The plot feels rushed for Fitz. Rudeus gains almost no character this season besides "ED" and a wish for ...
As for the first impression, I think this anime is quite good to watch, but I'm quite bored with Isekai anime. Moreover, this has a level 1 theme but has unique skills, What complete nonsense!. The first thing I will praise is the design of the girl character which looks good, beautiful, and I think this was made seriously. But not for the male character, who I think is just normal.. . The thing that doesn't make sense is why the MC suddenly appeared with the excuse of dropping items? Doesn't anything make more sense than this?. The story is also not interesting, it only contains food such as ...
This season feels like a colossal waste of time. Did we really need to spend an entire 12 episode season on this little detour arc? This feels like something that could have been handled a lot better in a 3-4 episode OVA series.. . There are a few good episodes that feel like they are advancing the main story from Season 1 along a little bit, but a vast majority of this season just feels like a massive detour, and it's frustrating because I'd much rather have spent this much time and detail on the adventures that were happening in the Demon Continent from Season 1. ...
Well, now that I'm catching up again with this franchise, the only thing left to say is that each season I watch is a recycling of previous ones, but well, that's beside the point and I don't want to emphasize this since everyone will know where they take their opinions from. "references". . At first I wanted to give it a rating of 6 but for one reason I preferred not to since it is that case in which the plot does not catch you and does not stand out but it entertains you (for those who have seen several seasons will know what I am talking ...
Did I like the simple story line and the plain old trop of being super strong OP in another world... yes I enjoyed it quite a bit, its not a hard story to comprehend and its easy to breeze through if you are not looking for something serious in an anime.. . Here is what I like about the anime, the Easter eggs. Yes I said Easter eggs as there are some characters from other series that appear in the back ground. I just found another one today and I have re watched this series multiple times... And I still find new characters. This one was ...
I am typically very much an enjoyer of very cliché, generic, isekai/fantasy trash animes.. . This one in particular though just has nothing going for it - with the only standout of this entire anime being the designs of the MC's potential harem.. . This anime tries to go the comedic and ecchi route (like most trash in this genre) for making itself stand-out, but the comedic moments are extremely childish slapstick kind of gags with the MC being a complete idiot 90% of the time and having 0 maturity throughout the series, despite him supposedly being the "Great Hero".. The ecchi moments are simply fanservice with specific ...
Season 1 is where you will find all the action great animation and storyline,If you wanna build character with some of the characters and see some romance watch this one,not alot happens you can basically do a 5 min recap to catch up to it. . I think if you really enjoy romance animes that end on huge cliffhangers and would leave u happy at the end this season is great 4 u. . Personally LOVED this season and couldnt get enough,even tho i dislike the entry of the main characters background.. . Again if you Really enjoyed season1 expect a diffrence in season 2 they are extremely different,if you ...
I watched Aho Girl. Here are my thoughts:. . The episodes for this are under 13 minutes long, so I'll try to be brief. This is basically a silly comedy show that is mostly episodic. In a nutshell, the comedy itself is objectively terrible but the delivery is good.. . Most of the comedy in this is either slapstick or sexual, neither of which I'm fond of. Much of the humour in this is just utterly generic school-anime comedy that any anime viewer has definitely seen before. However, the delivery was good enough to keep me watching.. . The VAs constantly yell and the dialogue is pretty fast-paced. Yoshiko (the main ...
i recommend this... ¡Only if you like ecchi!. . This anime its made with the objetiuve to be an ecchi, nothing more. And it makes it incredible. It is one of the best in its genre, it is everything it proposes, all the reasons why someone would want to see an ecchi harem this anime fulfills perfectly!. . a really good variety of girls to pick and choose, the mc its not that boring like other harem/ecchi mc. I really rnjoy Rito actually, he´s funny and he is kind-hearted, i can kinda understand why theres a bunch of hot chiks in love w him.. LOL XD. . don´t watch if you ...
Even if this is only fanservice, like, pureley fanservice... as a fan of this franchise its surely refreshing not seeing Rika dismembered or stuff like that.. . If you are not a actual fan of higu you are NOT going to like this tho, its like, a gift 4 fans of higurashi, not something for the general public... I get why people don´t like it, but judging it like a regular anime its kinda silly since its not meant for people to get into higu.. Thats all.. . So if you really liked higurashi you should watch it, its going to make you happy to see the characters in ...
I watched Dive!!. Here are my thoughts:. . So, as you might have guessed, this is a fairly typical sports show that is focused on diving. Much of the show revolves around the preparation, and selection, of athletes for the Olympics. Going to the (Tokyo) Olympics is certainly relevant to recent world events at the time of my writing this. Overall this show has a pretty amateurish feeling and seems low budget.. . Considerable attention is paid to the technical aspects of diving, certainly moreso than I expected. This is a very unique feature of this anime and one of the main reasons I stuck with it. It was ...
I watched Re:Zero kara Hajimeru Isekai Seikatsu, also known as Re:Zero − Starting Life in Another World. I watched both seasons (including both parts of season 2), as well as the two movies. Here are my thoughts:. . I should mention that I watched the director's cut for the first season, which supposedly had slightly more content than the original TV series. The first-season director's cut consists of 13 ~50-minute episodes, instead of the 25 TV episodes that composed the original version. For this reason my viewing experience might have been slightly different than others', although I've heard anecdotally that there's not much difference between the director's ...
Guys, it's just a cute old isekai with a frickin vending machine protagonist. The writing in this show is very basic, and the show is simply mid tier. It's not unbearable to watch, and I only watched it in the first place because it is just so conceptually funny. Overall, nothing to be impressed with by the show, which is what I was expecting walking into it. I'll watch season 2 purely to finish what I started lmao.. . 7.5/10, simple.. . The review isn't long enough so I'll be more detailed. This season feels more like a slice of life, just watching people learn to live with ...
Story (4): It's just a premise to put a 12 years old girl with two guys on a room and they rape her for no special reason.. . Art (7): It's not bad, the design is pretty good, but it use too many gifs with few frames.. . Sound (7): The dubbing is good and the moans are more realistic than the majority of h-animes.. . Character (5): They aren't developed at all, they're just guys with stupid minds and a irrational grudge against the female character.. . Enjoyment (8): The suffering and shame of the loli are quite enjoyable to sadistic lolicons, if you're not one, stay away from this hentai.. . Overall (6): ...
Decided to pick up a quick series that plays out as a slice-of-life, even though it takes place in a bit of a different world. My understanding is that it's based in the world of Rage of Bahamut, a different series, but it's not a required watch at all.. . Story & Characters: Mysteria Friends is a quick, ten episode series that takes place in a magic academy, and focuses on two princesses from different kingdoms. Anne is very dedicated to her duties, but you can tell she'd rather have a bit of her own life. She's a bit of a prodigy in using ...
This very well might be the most controversial anime of the last few years. I want to make one thing clear though. Mushoku Tensei is an anime and Light Novel, NOT a political statement. Are the controversial aspects of MT cause for concern and gaping holes in the consistency of the show? Depends on how you look at it. But it isn't fair to the series if it is judged based on today's standards as it is clearly in some medieval/fantasy world.. . Mushoku Tensei season two can be separated into two arcs essentially, the post-Eris adventuring arc and then the Ronoa school of magic arc. ...
If you were given a second chance at life, would you take it? For the 34-year-old NEET we know as Rudeus Greyrat, the answer couldn't be more of a resounding yes. However, his new life in a brand new world, as all lives go, is far from perfect. After a triumphant journey around the world and back, he realises that everything about his hometown has changed. His home turned to dust; gleaming golden-brown wheat farms became swathes of barren wasteland; smiles on villagers' faces all wiped away; and adding onto that his companions Eris and Ruijerd leaving his side, Rudeus starts his journey to the ...
From a comfy little slice of life series...to Classroom of the Elite wannabe Chuunibyou heroes? What the...?. . To speak of this series called Eiyuu Kyoushitsu a.k.a Classroom for Heroes, we need to go back into history just a teeny bit. Novelist Shin Araki is someone that most people would not recognise, though I did, and that's thanks to one of his works called GJ-bu a.k.a GJ Club, which started as a LN in 2010, then to Doga Kobo's Winter 2013 anime, which to this day, is still one of my low-key favourite anime of the 2010s that despite the dwindling numbers, had a lot of discussion ...
This is your average OVA with your average filler story. It' a side story with no bearing on the overal plot progress, there's no depth other than just being a stand-alone short story and no depth is really expected. This is mainly for people who just want *any* additional content with the characters they like.. . The character design, especially for the main characters, makes them look somehow ET-ish, though that is not fault of the OVA alone. Other than that, the visuals are okay, about to be expected with the tighter budget of an OVA.. . But hey, the cat was cute, so at least there's ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (7). The story is about a man who's bearing his father's burden. His father left behind a bad burden which made Him to pay a lot of money. In the middle journey, He's gonna bumps into a girl and the temple. That's where their journey begins.. . Art (7). The art of this anime is good. I like how they make the ecchi and comedy scenes. But I think they need to make it more animated.. . Sound (8). All the sounds that they used were very good and adjusted to the animation.. ...
Anime family but no children, no authority, no way to be safe, his brain is working hard but he has no intention of raising a family, I hope season 2/3 is already a family and have children, it's hard to make such a plot. . versi bahasa indonesianya. anime keluarga tapi tidak ada unsur keluarga nya ( mengajak nikah , mempunyai anak dan sejenisnya ) , tokoh utamanya atau authornya mencari jalan aman , yang jelas dia otaknya bekerja keras tapi tidak ada berkeinginan untuk berkeluarga , semoga season 2/3 sudah berkeluarga dan mempunyai anak , apa susahnya membuat alur cerita seperti itu , di anime yang mc ...
This is my first review on here but I had to write one for this show. The first episode of this show is god tier. So much potential, animation is exquisite, plot is set up b-e-a-u-tifally, characters are both intriguing and interesting...and then episode 2 says "hey remember all that shit you cared about in episode one? Well fuck that we're going a different direction.". I don't understand why they made this the way they did, maybe people who played Cyberpunk 2077 would feel different but if this is your first and only foray into this world I'd guess you'd feel ...
First off, lets get the elephant in the room out of the way. Each episode can be its own season almost, espescially the baseball league episode. For those who are not accustomed to Studio Trigger, their story pacing is probably the worst out of the anime studios, but their art style is one of the best. Their story telling once you get accustomed to it is alright and downright good, but they need to stop trying to fit four to five seasons into 12 episodes. BNA is one of those victims sadly, its best to rewatch it a few times before putting a solid ...
This new season of Horimiya is quite interesting. While the first season technically covered up to the ending of the manga, it left out a lot of content which left a lot of manga readers unhappy (for context, there are 16 volumes of the manga in total). Therefore, the purpose of this season is to adapt some of the chapters that were skipped over in order to flesh out the characters more. That being said, I have very mixed feelings on this season overall due to this approach.. . Originally, I really thought this season would be a hit as it was giving more time with the ...
Aggretsuko has been running on fumes for several seasons, and the finale is sadly no exception.. . It's frustrating, because the season has several great scenes and the basic core has always been solid: anxious and insecure Retsuko working a menial office job, trying to find love and using death metal as an outlet for her pent-up rage. Combine that with some typical modern day life issues, bad co-workers and employers, demands from family, and so forth, and you have plenty to take from – without having to get too outlandish with the plot.. . Instead of focusing on Haida and Retsuko and giving closure to any side-characters and ...
Wholesome, light hearted, with moments of drama, it’s a good slice of life anime. When it gets interesting is when we look at Mitsumi adjusting to the dynamics of more complex relationships with some of the other students acting in less than honest ways than her.. . I did wish that it delved into this part more. Mistumi’s pure heart wins people over, but it would’ve been interesting to see more exploration in this realm. It’s touched on a bit with one slightly antagonistic character, but that’s it.. . Shima’s storyline is somewhat interesting, yet I know it’s part of the wall he puts up, it would be nice ...
The BOTTOM LINE: The show is 80% tired old tropes and 20% something really cool.. . Out the gate the show is fun and sets it's characters up with difficulties about themselves and their lives to overcome. Though during the meet of the first season until about episode 11 it meanders with a lot of characters that don't matter and wastes more time with flashbacks for these people who still don't matter. The meet here feels uninspired and only in place to set a few things up while also pacing it out so that the characters have something to grow from. In other words the plot needed ...
Starts very strong but the pacing is very poor. They introduce several important plot elements but do not resolve any on them, the final episode felt like it would be the 6th in any other 12 episode anime. There are so many important questions the viewer asks through the season, but literally none of them are answered by the end and there was nothing indicating a second season. The title of the anime is also very misleading, as the main character actually rarely uses a blade at all in the last 6 episodes.. . That being said the characters are enjoyable and the animation is well ...
I honestly think Kudou and Miyo are so friggin adorable together but I just felt having the supernatural genre and the heavy political family matters shouldn’t be even there in the first place. It would have been better if it was just only a peaceful slice of life historical romance drama then it being way over the top and silly. What even made me put off with what I said is the fact that the fighting scenes were just meh and no hype around them. I mean it’s always Kudou trying to face off the “bad guys” and not involving Miyo. The rest of the ...
My Next Life NOT as the Villainess.. . The Most Heretical Last Boss Queen: From Villainess to Savior is another in the increasingly common sub-genre of isekai where an ordinary Japanese girl gets hit by Truck-kun, reincarnates as the villainess of her favourite game/visual novel and tries not to be evil so she doesn’t die a horrible death at the hands of the protagonist and her reverse harem. Or bisexual harem in the case of Bakarina.. . Unlike others in its genre, Last Boss Queen goes for a more melodramatic tone rather than comedic. Reincarnated princess Pride Royal Ivy uses her knowledge of the visual novel as a ...
A Love Hina-like ecchi, rom-com harem that's not that bad? From the illustrator of one of AniManga's most celebrated works? I highly question my doubts.. . Yes, you heard me right. From the illustrator of mangaka Kenji Inoue's high-octane, no-holds-barred comedy fest that is Grand Blue (which everyone celebrated both the ongoing manga and anime, and the Summer 2018 anime is certainly one of the best literal Summer sensations of the 2010s) comes Kimitake Yoshioka branching out in September 2018 with his own series: Temple a.k.a TenPuru: No One Can Live on Loneliness, a shameless clone/carbon copy of the harem trend that has been set since famed ...
A lot of us were confused when we saw Horimiya getting a new season. Hadn't it already concluded? Horimiya rose to immense popularity and it left fans looking for more, especially manga readers who were infuriated by the fact the adaptation only received 12 episodes when it could have easily gotten 24 plus. As a standalone season, the original Horimiya was honestly a great watch if we exclude the fact that they cut out a bunch of chapters. It honestly felt very seamless, probably because they focused specifically on Hori and Miyamura outside of the extensive side cast. That's where Missing Pieces comes in. It ...
Let me preface this by saying that season 1 of Link Click was one of the most enjoyable original "anime" (I know it's a donghua but it's my first and so far only one besides Scissor's Seven) that I'd seen in a long time. It instantly made it to the top five of my personal favorite time travel stories, just behind the legendary Steins;Gate. I loved the framing device of using photos to jump into the past, I loved that the main characters weren't the main focus for the majority of the show but still likable and intriguing enough to care about, and that the ...
The rating for this show doesn't make a lot of sense to me. Watch at least until episode 6 to get a good feeling about the shows flair.. . The dialogues and decisionmaking of the characters are unusually down to earth at times, the animation is mid but ramps up quite considerably in some important moments (up to ep 10) and overall i must say that the underlying plot is actually highly thrilling. Entangled with the main plot surrounding the MC, the show establishes the potential for a lot of growth for the main characters, which is more than a welcome trait in a modern day ...
I had an overall good time watching. The story didn't feel any special compared to other romance and raunchy anime, but the unique characters helped to keep this show interesting enough to continue. However, with how much sexual content this anime revolves around HIGHSCHOOL characters, this would be one of the last shows I'd recommend to anyone who isn't acquainted to this perverted and raunchy side of anime. What really stole the spotlight was Funimation's English voice over. Hilarious dialogue with great deliveries from the actors made this C tier anime fun to watch. The animation appears alright, at times looking cheap.
To have a sequel for this anime is definitely a dream come true for those who love it. Back in 2017, I was an entire newbie as an anime watcher but a Naruto die-hard fan. Masamune kun no Revenge is on my list of anime that I really wish to have another season of, as the concept of the story is remarkable, and I would never have thought I would be writing a review for the second season of it after 6 years.. . . Although I can barely remember what happened in the first season, the MC, Makabe Masamune, left no stone unturned in seeking revenge, and ...
TLDR: If you don't like wishy-washy cliché romance, don't bother watching.. . Animation: Great (it's a netflix anime after all).. Plot: Good. (Nothing exceptional, but has good pacing).. Characters: Awful. (Character's personalities and development is very awkward.). . Heroine: A Cinderella that is very submissive, her voice actress makes it sound like she's always on the verge of crying (honestly, the voice really got on my nerves), she's always almost whispering (she's noticeably quieter than every other sound or voice in the anime), and she is weak-willed, accepting all abuse from her family even though she's officially a daughter of that family.. . Male lead: He is a rude guy that mistreats the ...
tldr; Idol/Acting anime that ends on a cliffhanger almost every episode. A few episodes feel long, but others seem short.. . The characters are alright, though there wasn't that much character growth. There was one small-to-mid-size development in the story, but I guess that's what happens when there are two "main" characters. I understand that when it comes to these types of stories, it's hard to rush things, but it was still unsatisfying. The end of the season just left me with a "Is that it??" type of feeling.. . On the other hand, I may have had too high of an expectation because of the hype ...
I’m close to finishing this show now. I love Kazama, but somehow this show introduced its worst characters as the main cast. Takao and her other game club are great characters and Kazama’s friends are fun. The main 4 Game creation club provisional girls are so boring or annoying though.. . Humor: 6.5/10. The comedy is great. I love chaotic and character based comedy. It didn’t do anything new or special, but the characters play off each other well.. . Animation: 8/10. It fits the show perfectly and even has some moments of great timing. It also has some 3d wide shot animation which actually looks great ...
This anime is pretty good. You have to get through the first few episodes for it to be enjoyable. It's pretty much a "turn your brain off" and enjoy the awkward interactions this dude has with his crush. If you like to get frustrated by the lack of communication skills this dude has then you might enjoy it. So far I stayed watching it because it is like a train wreck you just can't look away from. Overall I find myself yelling at the screen like "BOI! You Baka! Tell her you like her coward!" Yeah I find it funny at times. Can't wait to ...
I will refer to the entire anime in this review, up to and including S2 part 1.. . Have you ever wondered what a cosine wave really looks like? Seriously, think about it for a second. Think about its shape. Open Desmos if you have to. Alright, ready? Good, now let's see, if we put Mushoku Tensei right next to... oh my god. I'm literally shivering right now. Can you see it? But of course you can: it's exactly the same. The same shape, the same curves. Science believed it was impossible; yet here it is, despite all odds. What can possibly explain the existence of ...
If Televisa made an anime.. . If romance is not your jam, then don't even bother. If you do like romance (even if it's trashy and fanservice-y, like me) then well, it depends on your mushy, telenovela-like, evil stepmother-slapping tolerance. In my case, I basically continued watching for Kudo (male MC) and in my hopes the female MC, Miyo, to start changing her actual MADDENING victim mentality. Like, we get it, you have trauma... but this is just too much. Just to clarify, I may come off as if I didn't like the series, but what I did like is the plot, which I won't spoil, but ...
When you read Synopsis you might think this might be an awesome anime if you into action and fantasy, well.... you might be wrong and right, let me quickly say why.. . The animation style is really kind weird compared to other mainstream anime, so that can put you off, as it did for me at the start, but as i watched it i got used to it, so it didnt bother me later on (although i still dont like it).. . So if you can get pass that then this anime isnt that bad actually, it has action, erotic characters(a bit fucked up and i didnt like that ...
It was not that bad how did i expected it to be. Characters were pretty cool, animation was alright, the story was kinda simple but beautiful. The soundtrack was pretty nice to listen to. Lots of emotion an simping xd. but yea iam glad that i watched it.. I think its worth to watch, since it has only 24 episodes you can watch in a week.. Of course we all have different taste so.. i cant tell if you will like or not, you have to try.. how long tf i need to make this review for mal to be satisfied with that.
I'm kind of disappointed by it; I expected more. Maybe the manga is better; I will check it out.. The characters, even though a little shallow, were okay.. The setting and plot are pretty average.. The problem is the animation, especially in the beginning, is straight up a slideshow.. The pacing, execution, and presentation of the plot are pretty bad. It feels too disjointed. It gets better halfway through, though, and the animation also gets way better.. Even the characters show a little more depth, but the first half is a slog, and the payoff is just not worth it. If you came for the ...
Part 2 of the continuous fairy tale of sugar confections that the apples now don't inspire that much, and with intense drama, does it hold up as well or better as Part 1 should? Maybe, but my feelings are largely unchanged as per Part 1, except with some aspects that Part 2 did better than its Winter 2023 premiere counterpart.. . To remind ourselves again, Sugar Apple Fairy Tale targets the Shoujo demographic, so whatever romance elements it had between the main leads of Anne Halford and her warrior fairy of Challe fenn Challe still remains the same as Part 1 does. Only that in Part 2 ...
It has a HUGE promise in the first episodes and then disappoints us with lack of plot related to the Princess Ivy herself. The heroine is always terribly scared/worried/careful not to become the vilain of the game that she played, but there's absolutely no plot that indicates that a bigger unknown force will turn her into someone she isn't. Throughout the anime we are shown different characters within small arcs that describe their current story, and there's a lot of focus on comparing the current story X story of the game she played while alive in Japan, and feel like her personal plot develops less ...
The good:. - Nice art and impressive animation.. - Great music. That OP is just wow.. - I like the way they change things up with the story structure. Instead of self-contained episodes, this season is one lengthy, continuous plot with new and quite interesting characters.. . The bad:. All the magic from season 1 gradually faded away. It has become something entirely different but not in a good way.. . Season 1 was fantastic that I watched four times already. Season 2, on the other hand, dragged on for too long with endless cliffhangers and zero explanation, all for the sake of season 3. Even in the final episode, nothing was resolved ...
Coincidentally the last review I wrote was about Link Click. As I anticipated in the release of the new season for 2 years, I don’t think I can give it a 9 this time around.. . If you look for traces of season 1 in this season, you won’t find it. It’s migrated, or at least try to, into the “mystery” and “crime” category.. . Plot:. The whole season is one case they are trying to crack. It’s not even cracked at the end? It’s full of pacing issues and bugs. I don’t even know where to begin because I stop caring halfway through. The “villain” Qian Jin is motivated ...
I recommend the first few episodes, this anime somewhat really hit me hard and I could empathize with the MC in different ways. SO MAYBE, JUST MAYBE YOU COULD EMPHATIZE WITH HIM?!. . I see this story or at least what the MC experienced, as based on what I have watched, was some boy(The MC) who got hit by reality, growing up from being a child and became a teen who knows how to be considerate of other people's feelings.. . I say the first few episodes simply because, after a bit it felt like the "dreaming boy" no longer exists. The MC is a capable person to call ...
This anime anime is kind of... Unic.... . The title and the topic are daring and call for attention, what does surprise me more is that it completely delivers you what promised you.. . A small little slice of life stories with an "absurd isekai" situation of a man reincarnating in the most unusual things as a contrast.. . With episodes that have a time line with some multiverse sensation, changing a little bit the absurd isekai in each episode, is possible to be surprised in every episode by the new "absurd isekai" situation.. . Is probably not the most epic anime you are going to watch, but is for real unforgettable and ...
A nice ending for Wotakoi.. . This shows the origins of the green haired girl and the orange haired boys origin of their love story.. . The first and third episodes were really nice. Second one misses the mark.. . I gave Ep. 1 a 3/3. . 2nd Ep. a 0/3. . ...
This anime did take time to grow on me, I persisted because I really liked the world building and overall mysterious vibes from the show. I cannot in good faith recommend this to anyone who does not like naïve main characters. If that's you, it will probably take a lot to get through the first few episodes (5, for myself) as the main character is the absolute worst at taking hints.. The show itself has an interesting premise but the way big mysteries are revealed tend to feel lackluster, if more time was spent with the relevant characters revealing the secrets themselves and actually responding ...
Hello to all of the readers around the world in MAL.. STORY: The story is so predictable IMO and disappointing in some manners such as character development and the plot is boring overall. the only characters that I cared about are Jingi and Ibuki. the Main character is ok but he needed more development. There is no villain in this story which makes the stakes lower and ara mitamas are not good villians the most problems with this show is by its story and there are no impactful scene that you will remember in the next few years.. ART/ANIMATION: in this department I ...
Great Cleric is a tough one to rate because I did want to like it. I like the art style, the character designs and the concept of an MC who is not OP from the start, but has to grind and train constantly to improve was appealing. Sadly, for me at least, the show took 8 weeks to get good and for most people it’s just not an investment they can make. Had this show come out the gate with the energy we saw in the final 4-5 episodes, this could have been a really good show.. . I tend to believe the problems with Great ...
A salaryman-turned-healer who accepts equality and fairness in a world where there is unequality and unjust? I want to be part of the party!. . We have healers located everywhere in AniManga. Shows like Seijo no Maryoku wa Bannou desu a.k.a The Saint's Magic Power is Omnipotent, brings out the potential of the typical Isekai reincarnation that ordinary, summoned people can harness to their fullest potential. But in the case of author Broccoli Lion's Seija Musou: Salaryman, Isekai de Ikinokoru Tame ni Ayumu Michi a.k.a The Great Cleric, the road to becoming a certified healer, is harder than you think, especially if it's one that (thankfully) the ...
Hey, I dont hate cliche romance. If it's done right, it's entertaining and could be wholesome but this ain't it. I have high expectation since the studio first announced it and all the manga reader i know seems to enjoy this one so much. They literally hype it as the best romance of the season, lol. Animation and design wise it is appealing. It has so much potential to be wholesome but the pacing is kinda awful. The first 3 eps seems great, but it quickly become boring after that. And then eps 10 and 11 happened and I lose my shit lol. Nothing in ...
You know that very new MAL feature that allows you to see your own statistics in a fun way? There is this section called "MAL Score vs Anime Score", and to me, this show in a nutshell belongs to the criteria of "They loved it, I didn't". Now you know, thanks.. . We've had like the Isekai villainess/Otome game sub-genre for like what, 3 years now? HameFura was a lot of fun (and still is to this day); AkuLas was kinda OK in spots; TsunLise was really fun mashing both real life and virtual reality at the same time; and the most recent of all, Kanojo ga ...
The only reason I gave it a 6 for the second season is because the art style is gorgeous, the animation is top-tier, and the soundtrack is amazing; otherwise, it would be a 4 or a 3. Note that I gave it a 9 for the first season, so what went wrong? Simple: 0 levels of satisfaction regarding all storytelling decisions. I will not give any spoilers, but will make some analogies for you to understand what I meant. And YES, I KNOW, Fate/Zero is a prequel to the story. I get it. But every anime has to provide you with some level of satisfaction ...
I honestly just can't help it but to love this anime. It's a really good show in my opinion and i love the mc so much. The female mc is really just killing it. This anime doesn't define antagonist and protagonist but they show for each characters the spot it needed and also because this is a 'josei' anime of course. But its just feel nice watching this show and i genuinely think it deserve more attention.. . Overall i really enjoy this show but i do think that it's not for everyone. One might say this is just a waste of your time, and to ...
It seems that the story is disjointed because they're trying to compress the manga into a 50 minute movie. There's no development of the characters and we can't understand their motivations at all. Why does Betty fall in love with the male lead and marry him within 3 minutes of their first meeting? Why does he immediately cheat on his "beloved" wife other than his being a stereotypical 80s dude? Even on the plot level nothing really makes sense. People are fighting each other because of... reasons?. . This is interesting as a historical look at the art of its time, but not for anything else.
The combat is well done and interesting, there's some pretty "unique" combat moves there. It does get quite bloody and intense at times. Unfortunately the overall story is fairly generic, predictable, and quite simpy. It does have some cool character designs which is a definite plus for me. Nice art style with a unique little world they created, looks very nice visually. Characters all had their own flaws and developed over time which is always nice to see.. . A higher score would have been given if it wasn't so perverted. It's like it was written by a bunch of horny teenagers.. . If you're a sexually ...
How to make an a "mid" protagonist:. 1: Make them an Egotistical, Loud & Obnoxious Character.. 2: Give them a modernized One Piece art-style, but make it feel lifeless and dull with a corporate design style.. 3: Very cringe interactions between characters.. 4: The MC is legitimately made to be a self insert that is power tripping. (He is so like me ong, fr, fr...). 5: Have the show given an R17+ rating, but it seems to not use it at all to further development and keep it from having well made fight scenes.. . Cut that, make this a horrible main character. The MC is so bland & uninspiring that I ...
"My Happy Marriage" started off with such promise. It held the potential to be a more mature version of Cinderella with a captivating Japanese twist, one that delved into life after the prince's rescue. The combination of historical context and an arranged marriage gradually blossoming into true love seemed like the foundation for an engaging narrative.. . However, as the story unfolded, it became apparent that the FMC hadn't undergone significant character development. Her entire persona revolved around martyrdom, persistently fixated on pleasing her husband, her whole personality is being sad. While her past mistreatment certainly justified her yearning for love, the husband's affection did little to ...
I thought the synopsis was very interesting, but the anime itself was a bit disappointing.. If you want something running in the background, you might want to look into this, otherwise... well, if your ptw list is empty, you could try.. . To summarize:. . Negative:. - More or less instalove. - Not a lot of character development, Miyo overall stays weak and submissive. - Action scenes aren't that actiony, you don't feel suspense or anything like that. - Kiyouka is not very cold and cruel (if a character gets described that way, I want them to at least do something that warrants that description). ...
Can't escape feeling like a spinoff rather than sequel.. . I enjoyed the movie and it's quick pace. The core relationship between the three main characters was interesting enough, and the show had plenty of callbacks to prior events in the Universal Century timeline of Gundam. However, beyond some the delving into the power of Newtypes and the Psycommu system, the show can't shake the "direct-to-dvd unofficial sequel" feel.. . As someone who enjoys the supernatural aspect of the Newtype mythos, this movie was very informative for me, confirming longheld theories I had about what a newtype is and how key events in earlier shows manifested themselves. This is ...
As someone who’s read the Web novel, manga, and Light Novel for this series, I have to say this is the best adaptation by far. However while I do “enjoy” reading it, this is definitely a story that was suited for the faster pace of an anime, and that’s the main reason why I don’t like the Manga or LN.. . In case anyone is wondering, the anime differs greatly from the source material. One such difference is the main event of the last episode should have instead taken place somewhere around episode 6 and occurred very differently in the original story. I think this ...
Directionless: The anime starts off strong with introductions to Yohane and friends, beautiful artstyle for the animation, and great music. Then comes the middle of the show where each episode just felt like time filler for the next song that will be performed and the main antagonistic force at play is completely forgotten about so much so that the show felt like it was dragging. Fantasy setting? Very underutilized. World building? Not much of it. What danger is there? Just a few deer in 2 eps... While the final episodes finally turned the gears for something to happen in the show, the emotional parts fall ...
Watashi no Shiawase na Kekkon seems like the type of anime that would be for me. It's got romance between adults, a historical setting with some fantasy elements, and good production values. The problem is that it lacks any real heart - not to the extent of completely ruining the anime, but it feels like a pale shadow of what it could have been.. . Saying an anime lacks heart is a bit of a cop out answer, since it doesn't give any indication of what the actual problems are, so let me flesh those out here. First and foremost, everything is just a little too perfect. ...
Netflix gets a bad rep for the anime it produces but I think they have outdone themselves with my happy marriage. I glossed over the manga (the Light Novel is slightly different I think) and I wondered if Netflix would be able to capture the attention to detail that a work like this demands. I think they did wonderful. The tone of My Happy Marriage is what sets it apart from the rest. It is rather slow and has this pensiveness to it. The early episodes are dark and depressing and while it enjoys its brighter moments down the line, the lifeless feel that the ...
Episode 6.5 of Vinland saga is a 150 second scene that could have been in the main anime but was left out, probably because the episodes would become too long.. . The scene is about a flashblack/nightmare that Thorfinn has about his past when he was part of the invasion of a village. Since the second season has very little action you may want to watch this to add more action to the anime.. The animation, voice acting and sound are all the same as in the main anime.. . Overall it is worth watching if you like the anime and want to experience the entire thing. ...
A charming little stop-motion picture, that sadly seems to have been mostly forgotten despite being an award winning film.. The puppetry is almost beautiful enough to make up for the lackluster and incoherent story, but not quite. Despite that, I don't at all feel it was a waste to watch, as it feels exactly like a story that would be told, and a puppet show that would've been made, in the time the film takes place in.. . As mentioned above, the story is mostly incoherent and harder to follow than most, but the style its told in, and the art of the puppetry makes it interesting nonetheless, ...
So I wanted to try Chinese anime, well, not anymore.... . The issue with this piece is basically everything. While you can be halfway happy with plot, animations and characters, it's really plain anime without some deeper connection towards you. It simply feels impossible to enjoy it.. . I don't know about others but I had to watch this in English dub. The Chinese version was basically not acceptable for me as some character said 10x the same word and it actually was some sentence. Maybe it's some my problem with the Chinese language or the dubbing was just poor, who knows.... . It felt like a fresh air from previews ...
Honestly i didnt think this anime would amount to much, but after a year or so seeing such high rating i decided to give it a try finally.... and oh boy i got exactly what i thought it would be... an average anime with no major "feels" moments, no action basically no anything in particular.... . I have no idea how this anime got so high ratings, its not really a comedy since there is nothing funny there like not even basic jokes or basic funny moment attempts, the drama starts decent, you think it will develop more, but nope stays on that level and slowly fades ...
We all have seen Cinderella, but have you ever seen it in a setting with super powers? Well, that's basically what Watashi no Shiawase na Kekkon is.. . There are blatant problems with this show, and the most obvious one is the protagonist Miyo, it is understandable why she would behave and think the way she does after living almost her whole life being abused by her family, so she came as extremely passive, submissive and apologetic, this in itself is fine, the bad part comes when she starts developing and switching back to how she was before. We saw her standing againts her family and rejecting ...
I don't know what's the best way to describe this anime other than a Cinderella-esque story, just told in a Japanese timeline where magic is power and such. Other than a magical fairy godmother coming to give you the wish of what you truly desire, this tale is about a man saving a woman from a life of abuse and neglect. Without further ado, here I want to provide you with the pros and cons of doing something the audience is familiar with.. . (Warning: There will be mentions of Cinderella in here.). . First, let's talk about the merits of starting on a familiar story everyone is adjusted ...
My Happy Marriage is an interesting combination of a very shojo-style period romance mixed in with what one might call more typical shonen-esque features that focus on supernatural powers, setting and combat. The show likely finds a large part of its broader appeal, and therefore positive reception, since it does blend the two elements relatively cohesively. Yet this also highlights that the show does not develop or dig down into either of these elements to turn its story into something exceptional, or perhaps even anything above adequate. To an extent, the show does exactly what is described on its metaphorical tin. There is a focus ...
Actually I'm just regret about the animation because the production decision that choose to made a movie than the new series of last season. That's why I was sad and disappointment about the movie even they're successfully made it beautiful. Then when I noticed about GnH special featuring by TBS Animation with a another studio, my opinion about that is absolutely amazing for me and that's more heartwarming and affected about Yotsuba's and sisters conflict development than the movie before that was seemly hurried.. . So, I have an another hope once again to TBS and Shaft a studio had done it, make a last series ...
CGDCT should not have drama on it, this one have,1/4 of the anime is pure drama, from 10 to 12, and the full spectrum of drama to, from 1 to 9 it is a good CGDCT, if you do not stand boring meanless drama, skip this one.. . From episode 1 to 9 a good CGDCT, Onsenn, Beach, Festival, MC family meeting, everything is there, from 10 to 12 boring meanless drama.. . MyAnimelist is telling me that my review need more information, so ignore everything from this point on, the anime's storyline treads a middle path, neither bad nor excellent, it unfolds with a certain predictability, often ...
I loved Masamune-kun no Revenge. I read the manga over and over again. The story is unique, fresh and unpredictable. It's quite enjoyable to read. I think most stories in that generation more or less like that. Therefore, I am very much looking forward to the continuation of the anime which in the previous season ended up hanging.. . But once again, the studio crushed my hopes. There have been several times when anime that I've been waiting for were made carelessly. All the good scenes I was looking forward to were done half-heartedly. I started to question why they decided to take on this project if ...
Alright, Masamune-kun no Revenge R was great up until episode ten.. The last two episodes killed it's "steam" and some of my enjoyment.. It's like a bait & switch sorta thing. You go in expecting something cliche, then get played like a fiddle, then watch the expected outcome with a more grimy ending then I personally would want to enjoy.. . This show is a Harem with the fixed elements of Aki and Masamune.. The others don't matter at all within the story, not to mention the anime does a horrible job of wanting you to side with Yoshino or Neko, since they both, maybe, get 10 ...
As a reader of the light novel I was a little excited about this, I even liked the first chapter, but everything else was even more boring than the light novel and that's saying a lot.. . The plot was very slow, the only good chapters were that Mina was the main center because of the rest Aika being the heroine was very stressful.. . The designs were pretty cute for my taste, but the OP and ED were fucking bad and unfunny.. . Mina, Sasaki-san and Wataru were my favorite characters, the rest were pure garbage, especially Aika.. . I wouldn't recommend the series even to a hater.
I'm unsure about how I feel about this anime. The story started off well, and I found its unique approach interesting. However, halfway through the second chapter, it seemed to lose its meaning in terms of how the relationships in the story were developed. I understand it's a short anime, but it lacked context and proper character development. Everything related to the characters was quite confusing. The ending is left open to interpretation, which wasn't necessarily bad, but it wasn't outstanding either.. . One thing worth mentioning is the outstanding animation and character designs. They have a very aesthetic appeal, and I appreciate the dramatic shots ...
The movie continues to delve deep into the characters' motivations, feelings, and thoughts. Naturally, the primary focus is on Eren and the rumbling, but we are also granted further insight into his reasoning behind this cataclysmic event. We witness how he grapples with accepting the inevitable.. . With all the characters now united, we are treated to some truly fascinating interactions among them. They still struggle to comprehend Eren's decision to unleash the rumbling, but through their collective efforts, they begin to glimpse the driving force behind Eren's actions—the Founding Titan, the mastermind orchestrating this destruction.. . The movie certainly doesn't shy away from depicting the sheer devastation caused ...
Akebi’s sailor uniform feels like your standard cgdct anime that doesn’t have anything that helps it stand out nor doesn’t really have any major flaws. It’s the type of anime that could be forgotten in the background after some time has past due to not having a concept nor execution that helps it stand out.. . The problem with Akebi’s sailor uniform is how plain the plot can be. Though that’s a problem many slice of life can have and is not just a problem Akebi uniquely has. However the way the relationships the protagonist felt instantaneously like you catching a Pokémon in a game. And a ...
(REPOST BECAUSE REMOVED). . Me: Can we get No Game No Life Season 2?. . Mom: We have No Game No Life Season 2 at home.. . Liar Liar was a frustrating watch for me.I really wanted to love it, and I will still give the Light Novels a shot, but the anime just never really got going for me. On one hand, it does have an interesting Kakegurui-eque school setting where disputes are settled through games in which cheating is allowed, hot waifus and a somewhat intriguing story. But, it ultimately falls flat due to poor animation and pacing.. . In a series where strategy games are important, it’s kind of ...
Honestly Naruto is pretty good for getting into anime and stuff, but it has some flaws like too many fillers and somewhat bad female characters. Like for example the character Sakura just so plain with how they handle her, another character would be like imo she’s even meh tho she dose stuff but mostly talks about saskue like Sakura way too much. The art style is alright it gets the job done. My fav arcs are sasuke and Naruto fight and cin exam. Some events can drag like I’m the cunin exams but just good arcs. Overall would rec for those people but for me ...
This anime is a classic example of things that should’ve ended way sooner but continued to air anyway and as a result, the writing quickly fell flat. What started as an interesting concept that pulled in viewers for its comedic and novel value, ended as just another anime out of thousands riddled with irritating tropes.. . The stark contrast between a middle -aged man who was a pessimistic loser and the slice-of-life fantasy world he landed in created a hilarious tone that had me binging the first season to see how that would continue to be incorporated. Unfortunately, the whole foundation this anime was created on ...
I thought it was a charming "classic" kind of shoujo that id been missing as of late, an enjoyable pass time.. . Id love to give it a higher rating, I especially enjoyed little mythril lid pods character, but the general characterization of the characters and particularly the antagonists was really flat, they were all frustrating to watch and repetitive in the obstacles they'd bring Anne. and somehow despite encountering very similar scenarios repeatedly, and building trust between the main duo, falling for the tricks, miscommunication and doubt rang true whenever a problem occurred lol. I DID say it was classically shoujo, so technically that problem ...
Genjitsu no Yohane is a visually appealing spin-off, that boasts some of the best songs in the franchise, but at the same time fails to tell an interesting story and does a huge disservice to the original cast.. Being a Love Live fan, the announcement of this spin-off came as a pleasant surprise. An alternative setting with our favorite LL girls, which could be filled with fantasy and adventure. Each girl had her own shtick, with Kanan being an engineer or Mari being a demon queen, and these things had a lot of potential to tell an interesting story.. . But unfortunately, none of these came to be. ...
Now this anime has no storyline. They just put some random events, connected, and gave this shit to use.. . There are certain events that occur but are never addressed like the gift he bought for her birthday but never gave it.. . I don't mind watching this anime if I don't have any good stuff to watch it's a good time pass.. . I am mad because it had some potential for a great story but the Author was so high he gave us this dog shit.. . Characters: The characters were good I would say but were not used correctly.. . Animation: The animation was okay nothing fancy. But I like the ...
I did not like the last two episodes, as they were full of empty philosophy, which is the weakness of the anime as a whole. The writer also continued to express his psychological and mental illnesses with exaggerated violence, justified and unjustified, and disgusting scenes that should not be shown directly, but he was too lazy to find a way to present them appropriately. But the damned knows how to build a world and knows how to bring you into it with the magic of adventure and discovery and always shocks you in different ways with a boldness that I loved in some things but ...
Lair Lair introduces itself with promise, a tale that combines the realms of gaming duels and school life into a potentially intriguing concept. Animation-wise, it starts off well, with decent visuals and skill effects that catch the eye. However, the quality begins to decline significantly after the first few episodes, with poor-quality drawings and a noticeable drop in art and animation quality, particularly in the action scenes towards the later part of the series.. . The story displays potential in the beginning but takes a sharp nosedive after following the Noa route, never quite managing to recover its initial promise. The progression maintains a well-balanced pace overall ...
Short answer. Honestly speaking its not that bad. Long asnwer is.. The ending is exacly what you expect to happen. And honestly the anime made it so HARD to root for the main characters, that i really had a mixed enjoyment i truly hopped for a diffrent ending which made me stick out with it.. Idk disapointing thats all i shall say. I mean if the ending was diffrent i truly would have maybe even given a 6/10 or 7/10. if the building actually mattered and something interesting happend.. . Characters Mid Litteral filler. Wolrd building Mid Nothing interesting. Ending Mid Boring and are exacly what you expected. Music Ehh. ...
Deep down I actually wanted to like this show, but with the horrible writing, two-dimensional characters and awful Roblox CGI I just couldn't. In addition to this, both MCs were insufferable, especially Hitomi. The show constantly put her on a pedestal. It was so bad you knew what was gonna happen next.. . Moreover, I'm not one to complain about sexual themes in anime especially when they're done right, but this anime clearly didn't care. It was all eye candy. From clothes ripping, panty shots, and even rape-related scenes. I may be asking too much, but if the show spent half the time developing the female ...
I watched Hanasaku Iroha, including the Home Sweet Home movie. Here are my thoughts:. . I really wanted to like this anime; at first glance, it seemed like something I would really enjoy. Unfortunately however, my viewing experience was mixed at best and certainly didn't meet my optimistic expectations.. . During approximately the first third of the show, my optimism persisted but began to wane, and in retrospect the earlier episodes were the best part of the series. As the story and characters continued to develop, my opinion of it soured, and by the time I was halfway through the TV series I knew I was watching something mediocre.. . At ...
I watched Gyakusatsu Kikan, also known as Genocidal Organ. Here are my thoughts:. . I feel like military-themed sci-fi media such as this is one of the rare things that western entertainment does better than the Japanese (or at least used to).. . This movie does an okay job of creating suspense. The pacing is fine and it is competently directed.. . There were relatively few action scenes. I was expecting this to be a lowbrow sci-fi action movie, but it was slightly more complex than expected. However, you should be warned that there is a female love-interest character in this. Thankfully she does not suck up much screentime, although her ...
Ladies and gentlemen I present you the snowboarding track of this season. This show goes up and down and up and down in terms of interesting locations and things to do... but at the same time it's always going downhill. Episode eight jumped the shark for me and I am finally degrading initial score I gave it to a one closer to average, because that's all it is... just average. World building and setting might be different and initial premise was interesting but it completely devolved into "happy go lucky I hope to find a girlfriend lets visit hot springs together" kind of show. We ...
Let’s start this off with by saying I’m making this as spoiler free as I can, so might be a bit vague~ That being said✨. . The main character is okay, I don’t love him and I don’t hate him~ and would lean towards more of enjoyment. He is “cringe” but I think that’s on purpose, and I feel there is a very natural build in character development. This isn’t a anime that I expect to blow anyone out of the water, but I watched both seasons in a single sitting~ so it’s enjoyable enough to binge. I feel like the issues that come ...
Story:. - Protagonist confess to a girl -apparently on a whin- who really looks like his sister. The porn he watches the actress looks like his sister and so on. Whether or not all of that is coincidence is not very clear. What do you think?. Sis has a boyfriend but he barely appears - just for the sake of Netori feeling. What sis actually want is to be even more close to her brother ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°). . Characters:. - Male protagonist is annoying. He keeps denying his sister words even during sex. "You are enjoying this, aren´t you~?" his answer: "No" *procceds pouting or ...
(review is not critical in any way). . i remember getting blue-balled by this shit (watched while airing). i was so excited to buckle up for several seasons, but turns out i was hyped for nothing. and i remember weird incest moments that got me thinking. "hm.". . the look that the show is going for is really pretty, and that's what brought me to watch it in the first place. hey, it's an isekai with high saturation. that's average in my books. i just knocked the score down bc my balls haven't recovered. . "This review needs more information!" cmon man let me have this
This anime is average. I am well-versed in the shoujo/romance department so I'd say it is quite cliche. If this is going to be your first exposure to the romance genre I'd recommend you to watch anothers like Kaicho wa/maid sama for example, Lovely complex, fruit baskets, nana, 5 centimeters per second, Kimi no nawa, kokoro connect.. This anime is very very VERY melodramatic (the manga escalates that even more, so it does not get better in that aspect). So if you are into that then go. It has cute moments and good comedy but it's not enough to keep on watching. It's not for me, ...
night is best boy and that should be your main reason to watch the show. on a real note it was a decent show with a pretty loveable cast of characters and story but i do feel like im a in a relationship that more give then take lol like all i want is main quest aka main story stuff but it just keeps just THROWING me SIDE QUEST, SIDE MISSION that i didn't really care much but was nice to see just wish is was less since im here for the main issues and not little issues that doesn't really matter to the ...
if you into some anime with romcom school setting and from light novel adaptation, maybe this series its worth to try.. . this is long version, caused MAL forced me to write long paragraph.. I agree with mixed feelings and not recomended series after 3 episode, this anime not giving audience a good strong first impression. And if you anti tsundere Female Lead, I suggest you to avoid this series, this FL is typical tsundere type girl to the max. but despite her flaw, i kinda understand why she act like that.. . the story its predictable but i kinda enjoyed and its head on nail with my ...
Basicaly: breast tamer. By here i mean colect wafu like pokemon.... It's not realy a bad anime but not especialy a good one.. Just watch if you dont have anything else exept trash or low-tier one.. It s not realy a generic anime but if you already watched many anime you might be able to predict few event but some time you might be surprised by character's react and i guess it's why you gona watch the next episode.. There is not that much else to say about this anime just take a look if like me you start watching top 10 anime with (idk) where anime coming from ...
It breaks my heart to say that the second season of Mushoku Tensei is a shallow imitator of the first. This does not mean that it was bad, but it certainly pales in comparison to the first season.. . Where does the second season fail? Unfortunately it does so in almost every aspect.. . - animation quality is stilted. - visually, both scene and character art is downgraded. - the shot angles and panning shots are beyond atrocious. - the pacing is ridiculously slow. Scenes linger, moments are held too long, the story goes nowhere. . Fortunately, the worst of the worst is saved for the first 4 episodes (including episode 00). After these ...
Imagine Oregairu with shittier writing and a 10th of the artistic and animation quality. That’s Yumemiru. Whether or not that appeals to you really depends on how much you like the witty/psycho-social analysis style of romcom.. . This was truly a difficult one for me to rate because on one hand, I did actually enjoy the show for the most part. It started slow, but picked up after a few episodes and had some genuinely interesting social scenarios in which the MC found himself needing to help other people. But it’s frustrating because it squandered a lot of potential, was poorly paced and focused on some ...
Yelp, one of my most anticipated shows of the season, seemingly spat on with some of the worst animation in the history of forever. Nah, it ain't so dramatic...or is it?. . Some say that this is the "OreGairu of the season", but honestly, I beg to differ. That said, novelist Okemaru's Yumemiru Danshi wa Genjitsushugisha a.k.a The Dreaming Boy Is a Realist is a fairly known work to some in the know, and if you get the chance to read the LN, it's a really nice work that may sound like the typical cliche rom-com at first, but I promise you that the story changes little ...
Oh Mono-NO-gatari, have you become the Monogatari that can finally be appreciated by the (lowly) masses? Apparently...yes and no.. . Mangaka Onigunsou's anime adaptation continues where we left off with Part 1 back in Winter, and I'm not gonna lie, it felt like a work that was awfully dated by the time the anime adaptation came out almost a full decade since the start of the manga (almost 9 years to be precise). The story of spirits crossing over to the human world and possessing objects to gain its physical form to become tsukumogami, and a boy whose life was scarred by the evil ones so much ...
Man, I gotta say, I was head over heels for Evangelion! The story was just off-the-charts incredible, the character development was top-notch, and the characters relationships evolving over time. And let's not forget that retro animation style - it's like a trip down memory lane.. . But then, oh boy, things took a wild turn around episode 21. I mean, what just happened there? It's like they pulled a "plot-twist from outer space" on us, and I was left scratching my head so hard, I might need a new scalp soon. I just wrapped up the series, and those last two episodes? Kinda left me yawning, not ...
Liar Liar. Ah, yet another strategic ploy often employed in the realm of anime, where the protagonist dances through battles with the grace of a master tactician, seemingly possessing an unerring knack for victory. Even in their apparent defeats, these setbacks merely serve as threads in a meticulously woven tapestry leading to ultimate triumph.. . The overarching concept, a school steeped in battles fought for stars and dominance in strategic games, lacks the luster of novelty. Regrettably, each character within this narrative feels like an echo—a recycled replica of personalities we've encountered in past anime sagas.. . For those freshly venturing into the realm of anime, thirsting for the ...
Masamune-kun's Revenge IS BACK? NANI DA HECK!?. . Out of all of the past anime that has since got revived for another season years down the road, there were two that got greenlit after the same amount of time: Isekai Smartphone (which first aired in Summer 2017, then its sequel in the last season), and Masamune-kun no Revenge, which first aired all the way back in Winter 2017. The prequel presented us with the anime adaptation up to Volume 6 of the manga, and the sequel is finally here to finish where the anime left off with the remaining volumes 7 to 10. That's 6.5 years of ...
April 1, 2022. It’s April Fools’ Day in Japan, and we’re all rolling our eyes at the 82392nd joke about No Game No Life Season 2 being announced, and I’m sure many were also thinking the Masamune-kun sequel was also fake. Turns out they trolled us hard, and here we are with Season 2 of the dumpster fire that is Masamune-kun’s Revenge. I hated Season 1 a lot, because I thought it could be good, but it just ruined every possible good, or heartfelt, emotional moment with some stupidity. Season 2 has these problems as well, but it turned out to be more entertaining this ...
The worst arc is almost over YAY.. . Almost no worldbuilding, almost no politics, almost no spectatcle, and still it is satisfying enough if you're invested into the relationship of Rudy and Sylphie.. . This season gives off the same vibes as AoT 2nd season. It has a completely different tempo and tone and still it is very important to the story. There's like five big arcs inrtoduced this season. For that alone you should keep watching into season two.. . However, I can't recommend it 100%. As I've said, it is pretty boring prologue to the big stories later on. Season one's story was independent enough and could stand ...
The typical story of a world that lives in a cycle of endless pain, in this case it is the pillar and in Final Fantasy X it is Sinh and where someone has to sacrifice themselves. themselves for the cycle to continue but unexpectedly a character from another world appears to break this cycle. In this case, the legendary fighter in Final Fantasy X is Tidus.. . I found the anime overall entertaining and I liked the colorful and detailed animation but in my opinion the anime seems too long, I think half the episodes of each season would have been enough.. . What I hated the most is ...
vending machine isekai.. . VENDING MACHINE ISEKAI….. . V E N D I N G M A C H I —!. . Although the aforementioned phrase of shock, frustration, and pure bewilderment was my initial reaction to this series, I have since grown at least somewhat fond of it even in spite of the several flaws on display.. . 「Jidou Hanbaiki ni Umarekawatta Ore wa Meikyuu wo Samayou」, henceforth referred to as “Vending Machine Isekai” for obvious reasons, is understandably on the radars of many just for the sheer absurdity of both its title and premise. All things considered, however, it isn’t entirely the “pure hate watching” or “so bad ...
The production and animation quality is stellar, if not for some underwhelming character designs (*cough* Hua Cheng *cough*). The pace and writing, on the other hand, is a glaring issue with this adaptation.. . The original TGCF book is one of my favourite pieces of fiction ever, by far the best romance story I've ever read, and I was a bit underwhelmed with this. The pacing was very strange, making the story's opening even more scattered than it was in the book (which is by far the weakest arc already). I haven't read the first arc in a long time, and even watching the donghua, I ...
Let me preface this by stating I have not watched Love Live! Sunshine!!, but I am at least familiar with the original Love Live series and the concept of idol shows as a whole. At least from its advertising, Genjitsu no Yohane didn’t seem to require any prior knowledge of said series, so I will be predominantly reviewing it as such.. . ☆ Story: 4/10. . Genjitsu no Yohane is- definitely interesting. While it had a good premise at the beginning, the show does fall short on fully explaining its lore and narrative as a whole. For the most part, the storyline was either disjointed or rushed, the whole ...
I was really torn on wanting to watch Heavenly Delusion, but heard relatively positive things about it. After watching it, I'm still torn on it. The story feels horribly incomplete and I don't feel like a single thing was answered. This is the tough thing with adaptations that have long-winding stories, but is there enough to be excited about here?. . Before we start, this is your trigger warning for a sexual assault that does occur in this series, so be aware of that before deciding to watch.. . Story: Heavenly Delusion starts us off in a post-apocalyptic Japan, where it looks the entire country has ...
If I were in the mood for an anime where a kid incessantly screams at me and had hoped for a more captivating experience, I'd opt for Black Clover. The initial episode seemed promising, setting the stage for what could have been an intriguing anime, but instead, it shattered my eardrums with one of the most unlikable, one-dimensional main characters. Oh, the protagonist quit his job to complete a bucket list – how profoundly moving, right? It's like, super deep, man, you just don't understand, bro. I do hope there's an incredible overarching plot that I missed out on, but from my perspective, it's just ...
I don't want to be harsh on this, cause I'm very happy to have a Love Live Sunshine spinoff at all, but I feel like Sunshine in the Mirror could've been a lot better than it was. Specifically it seems pretty halfhearted in a lot of what people want from something like this. It doesn't get rid of singing and performances, but there's less singing than one would expect from Love Live. It's set in a fantasy world, but with plenty of modern amenities (and some tokusatsu elements?) and it never leaves the single town of Numazu. It has everyone from Aqours, but other than ...
I watched Kubikiri Cycle: Aoiro Savant to Zaregototsukai, also known as The Beheading Cycle. Here are my thoughts:. . This is an OVA by Shaft, and it certainly feels that way. The visuals are signature Shaft and resemble past works by the studio. I did not particularly like the character designs or art style, personally. I also wish there were more visual detail in general. However, the visuals were still mildly interesting due to the way Shaft uses cinematography.. . The OST is by Yuki Kajiura. It is decent but it felt like not a whole lot of artistic risk was taken. It uses the same kinds of ...
I watched Aria the Animation, also known as season 1 of the Aria anime series. Here are my thoughts:. . I like how sci-fi elements were mixed into a comfy SoL show, although this aspect could have been made more prominent. I think I would have found a stronger sci-fi theme more interesting than the generic SoL episodic plots I've seen many iterations of before.. . A lot of the characters have catchphrases that don't take long to become annoying, and result in a lot of seemingly repetitive dialogue. The script in general is mediocre and, although there are occasional sentimental moments, it's nothing beyond what I'd ...
The show is meh.. . The songs are good and female characters are cute but they are too stupid.. The MC is the most biggest problem to me. He's not good looking, he doesn't have any quality, he's very plain. His character felt too robotic. I wonder did those waifus saw in him. I know he tried to be fair in his relationship, but he looks like he tried very hard to be fair. Unlike Fuutaro Uesugi, this guy seems like a terrible simp. Simping on girls just because they're cute and have better sex appeals. Hell, even Kazuya Kinoshita is better than this Naoya guy. He belongs ...
I watched Joshiraku (including the OVA). Here are my thoughts:. . Having somewhat recently completed Shouwa Genroku Rakugo Shinjuu, I thought it would be interesting to watch Joshiraku with the memory of it fresh in my mind. However, I quickly realized that the two shows are completely different. Joshiraku is a comedy and consists of short skits. The main characters are rakugo performers, although rakugo itself is not a major aspect of the anime. The rakugo theater (usually backstage) is only a setting for the various comedic skits (which are usually unrelated to rakugo). So, don't be like me and expect this to be a rakugo-themed show. ...
"A single lie can save someone... A single lie can gain you many new friends, A single lie can change your whole life". . So.. the anime teaches us that Lying = good? Not really, however, if that lie doesn't affect others and it helps you achieve your goals and basically your life depends on it, well.... . I'm gonna say this from the beginning, this anime is not something special, not something revolutionary nor unique, it's a pretty average series with a fine art style. But does this mean it's bad? Not necessarily, it does have some interesting characters and some bland ones but i would say ...
I watched Konohana Kitan. Here are my thoughts:. . The characters are kind of bland but there is good chemistry among the cast. Some of the character designs are cute, and there are some nice kimono outfits. The show has a fairly rich traditional-Japan theme, and primarily takes place at a large rustic ryokan. Most of the characters are so-called ‘fox girls’ who are ryokan employees. The fox girl thing is mildly cute but it's not a major reason for my watching the show, although I'd imagine there is a passionate audience out there for this kind of thing. There are some mild supernatural themes that creep ...
I watched High School Fleet, also known as Haifuri. I watched the TV anime, OVAs, and the movie. Here are my thoughts:. . This is basically the maritime clone of Girls und Panzer, which I didn't enjoy enough to watch more than the first season of. It's been years since then, but I think one of the main reasons I dropped GuP was because of the crappy characters. I remember also thinking that the battles were very drawn-out and often boring. Anyway, enough about GuP — I only bring it up because the comparison is so common.. . High School Fleet involves battleships which are operated by crews of ...
I watched Sakura Quest. Here are my thoughts:. . Sakura Quest is a 25-episode show that is mainly focused on the efforts of various civic employees working to promote commerce in a small rural-Japan town and restore its tourism industry. The show is fairly self-aware and is clearly meant to be a social commentary in some ways. Although it is genre tagged as a slice of life, it usually felt more like a drama to me, albeit a slow-paced and not overly emotional one.. . I liked the main female characters in this. They were all relatable in various ways and felt like real human beings. Much of my ...
Have I played the game for this one? No, I have not. But this anime is pretty fine on most aspects. Just some friends who want to become adventurers and that's pretty much all that is needed to be said. There are some characters that I completely dislike. You'll know them by how much they complain about doing stuff and how much they just won't accept their fellow peers. Now the main character is doing most of the heavy lifting here. And the animators love to emphasize or empa-thighs a certain body part of hers. She and another character get along pretty well and actually ...
"My happy marriage" is shoujo, romance based story. While it revolve around magic.. . This story is as your usual shoujo romance story where a miserable girl meets a good looking boy and she start enjoying her life, becomes popular with people around her. And create some rival for the male lead. "My happy marriage" also followed the same trail.. . Though I don't dislike shoujo and the starting was great. Writer chose romance as the main theme, while magic is the way of progressing the story. But romance and magic -action genre really doesn't go well. Because this action is predictable without any thrill, If the main ...
Well, well... Kakegurui.. . An anime about addiction, basically. Gambling addiction. Of course, this isn't necessarily the message that the anime wants to send us, but it reflects a big problem in our society, so that's always a plus.. . I understand that the anime exaggerates with Yumeko - the main character - and her body, and I'm not necessarily a fan. Sometimes it's really exaggerated, sometimes uncomfortable, but I understand that she plays on that. That said, I don't watch an anime about gambling to see someone have an orgasm every 5 minutes.. . Obviously, it's not really an anime to be taken seriously and there are still some fun ...
Bakumatsu is really intriguing.. . I love the genre and especially the era so I quickly jumped into it. It's beautiful and the characters are endearing.. . I would describe this first season as okay, average. The fights are surprisingly nice and everything seems logical, it's fluid, and even if the story can sometimes seem to get a little lost, the atmosphere and the relationship between our two protagonists makes up for its flaws. However, not enough to go beyond 5.. . A little bonus point for the antagonist that I really liked. To better describe the anime and better reflect my rating of 5, I would say that it is ...
I have a really weird relationship with this show… I really loved the original series and watched it all the way through, when I heard we were getting new horimiya I was excited, when I realized it’s pretty much just 12 episodes of OVAs (yes, I know they’re all manga canon, they’re just unimportant to the plot) I was pretty disappointed. I watched most of this season begrudgingly, forcing myself to watch each episode, and I would always enjoy it enough to have not been mad I watched it. Ultimately I got too behind on new episodes and now I can’t force myself to watch ...
Hero Mask season 2.. . At least the thing we can say is that it follows season 1. In the good and the bad. It's the same quality.. . I only watched season 2 because I watched the first, and honestly, I wasn't expecting much from this season. I followed all of this without really wanting to, which makes my rating dishonest. Given that it is the same quality as the first season, I give the same rating.. . At least we are entitled to some answers, but not all, which is a shame. Everything is rushed, and some things are forgotten. I had the impression that Netflix wanted to get ...
Hero Mask had all the ingredients to be interesting.. . The art style isn't going to please everyone, but it's worth a look.. . So this is season 1.. It's... A mess. In the good and bad sense of the word. I know what they wanted to do, and I like... Certain things. But it's done in a rather confusing way. Luckily I like the genre, otherwise I would have given up, I think.. . The plot is pleasant, even if complex and sometimes exhausting to follow. But the characters are the biggest weak point in my opinion. James Blood doesn't inspire me, he doesn't take me on a journey through his ...
Gunjou no Magmell, how do I describe you?. . I still don't know if my rating is too low, I don't know what to think of you.. . First of all, the plot is really original. The character is likeable, and his motivations are logical. The animation is not bad, so all the ingredients are there to cook us a good anime.. . Well... I feel frustrated. The potential was really there, but it was floundering. I felt like they got lost after a while. The story doesn't really move forward and my "excitement" turns into "worry".. And I was right, I got lost at the same time as the plot.. . A ...
I love sport, it’s a huge part of my life. So obviously, any anime that talks about sports interests me.. . Volleyball is a really interesting sport, very fun to watch. Alas, 2.43 is not necessarily. It's not bad.. Just not very interesting. The pace is not inspiring and the relationship between the characters leaves something to be desired.. . The matches aren't very intriguing, even if they're still quite fun. The “rivalries” are fairly well run, but everything goes way too fast, which is a shame.. . I wouldn't go so far as to say it's bad, but it's forgettable. There was potential, like all sports anime, but it seems ...
My expectations for this anime were rather moderate.. . Although the initial synopsis seemed intriguing, unfortunately, my final impression was less than positive.. . . The main plot revolves around various games and their complex mechanics, leading to numerous explanations of how they work. Regrettably, these explanations become tedious and, at times, even more challenging to grasp than some concepts from my university studies xdxd. . . However, the standout feature of this anime is its characters. They are surprisingly well-developed, with solid personalities and coherent character arcs.. Yet, in some instances, the interactions between them may feel forced and convenient.. ...
Atelier Ryza: The Tutorial: The Anime. . Yeah, that's about what this series covers. The tutorial of the game. Where this anime ends is where the story should begin. Watching this anime is a bit like Watching Star Wars: A New Hope, and turning the movie off when the Millennium Falcon departs Tatooine.. . It doesn't help that a significant portion of the anime is dedicated to literal side quests from the game. This is really unfortunate. By my calculation, there should have been enough time in 12, maybe 14 episodes to adapt the entire game, if only the side quests were ignored.. . Of course, not adapting the second half ...
This show is... well... okay. I have to admit that I was interested in how all of the story plays out in the end since dropping any kind of plot that is not a complete garbage makes me anxious (and I can't call this anime a garbage, it's at least not bad).. . But in the same time I found myself skipping through the latest episodes just to get the glimpse of what's happening without paying attention to details. A trait of a good story is that you want to immerse yourself into it and read or watch without interruptions it for the sake of getting ...
Weird song, i see it was a attempt to follow the JPOP Hype train but it kinda fails, the song is not catchy in a good way but ends up being annoying and forgettable, for an example i had to listen to it twice cause i forgot to write this review before XD.. There is not really "story" or "plot" to go on, it is just a average hot anime chic with a song going along.. And when i say it does not have anything besides that i really mean it, it is just a image with a song in the back, there is a ...
The feeling of adventuristic fantasy: alchemy, mystery...and thighs, unapologetically THICC, everywhere.. . Ask yourself this question: When was the last time that anime had rather good adaptations of video games? And no, I do not mean mobage games like Princess Connect or Uma Musume, I mean, ACTUAL video games like Danganronpa or even the Persona series. The general answer is going to be the majority option, though the lesser will appreciate them quite a fair bit. This then, brings us to the Gust Corporation's Atelier series, specifically Ryza no Atelier: Tokoyami no Joou to Himitsu no Kakurega a.k.a Atelier Ryza: Ever Darkness & the Secret Hideout.. . Interestingly enough, ...
Meikyuu Black Company is one of the weirder series I have watched. I wouldn’t call it bad, but I can’t exactly call it good, either. It’s definitely memorable for having exploitative “black companies” as its theme since stressful work environments and long working hours are quite the issue in Japan.. . The series starts off with the main character, Ninomiya Kinji, getting transported to another world. As such, it’s technically an isekai series. That said, the events that unfold over the course of the series don’t make it feel like a typical isekai.. . Kinji has a lot more personality than many generic, faceless, ambitionless isekai main characters – ...
Honestly when i saw this anime i thought it had a potential, i mean come on detectives, mysteries, lots of money and gadgets, super technology, whats not to like right ?. Well... the whole story was kinda lackluster no real mystery, you can tell from start pretty much whats going to happen, some of the things are unexplained and kinda ruin the emersion. Also no real action going on.. Anyway if you think this anime will blow you away, with any genre aspect, it probably wont, Overall its meh, if you are bored and got nothing else to watch this is not bad. Otherwise put priority on ...
Darling was a show I only knew the elevator pitch of. The story of a hentai artist who has to maintain an erection for a month straight to get his work done under deadline feels like ripe fodder for any number of stories. It could have been a satirized, but ultimately serious look at the difficulties surrounding the manga industry and independent artistry. It was only when the show started throwing around the phrase "Hyper Erection Mode" that it became obvious that this mid-2000's hentai had no ambitions greater than being a mid-2000s hentai.. . Darling is the story of Darling, and his newly married wife, Honey. ...
This anime is fine. It has a pacing problem, where they condensed a whole arc into 5 episodes, and I felt rushed through the character development, making most of it less meaningful. I hope the second arc is a bit slower.. Also, I'm tired of isekai slavery, can we do something else now?. The plot and setting reminded me a bit of spice and wolf, but spice and wolf is better. They don't show enough of the craft, and I started it mainly to learn more about sugar candy making. I'm hoping this is fixed soon.. The characters are standard, and some of them are too noisy and ...
I am shocked to see no comments this is a very good one shot anime it is easy to understand because of how well they explain the series. .. the dialogues and conversation are deep and meaningful and upon that a good MC who doesn't always feel sorry. .. All n all what a Great anime this was and the ending was so wholesome. and the classic art style adds to the beauty as for some people this may not be as good but compared to other anime which is made on this topic it holds a candle so if u spare time u can watch this. .. if they'll remake it ...
It's about social media, being followed (not told in this work of fiction: the depression of young people, the tribalism that makes people willfully ignorant/excessively conspiratorial and the decline of society), and doesn't condemn it. Mixed with Disney's version of Beauty and the Beast. Feels like it's missing a bunch of scenes/introductions. Stuff just happens. Unbelievable behavior, like how the women in the music club/choir and the boys talk to the girl protagonist. In a scene where a school athlete doesn't know how to deal with a girl rooting for him and the girl protagonist makes him go up to her I threw my head ...
The conclusion of the Fairy Tail series felt lackluster compared to its predecessors, Fairy Tail (2009 and 2014). The built-up to the final villain of the series was greatly portrayed as a solid villain and had some actual hype to it. However, the goal for the villain was kind of poorly written. The other big baddie had an actual reason and I could understand where the villain was coming from, but the OG villain of the show was written as "bad to be bad." However, this was not my only complaint. Some of the animation scenes were reused (a lot) and some scenes were stretched ...
Believe me when I say this show is hard to review. Not because of its complexity or something similar but because I lack the ability to point out what's wrong with it. I watched the original story adaptation and liked it. This one is the same story told in slightly different way with significantly better art and sound. But for some reason it feels off.. . Perhaps it's because I already know the story I found episodes slow and uninteresting or perhaps it's just the presentation that's lacking. Overall I had issues keeping the interest to continue watching until the end. Perhaps one day I will find ...
Managed to finish this show on my second try. It's not as bad as I first thought it was but at the same time it wasn't all that good either. It feels as if I've seen 6 hours long trailer for a movie that's suppose to come out and might be a fun watch. These twelve episodes felt just like that. A trailer. Things happen but we jump so often from one thing to another. Writers tried to make good jokes but ultimately failed and whole thing gives off weird feeling. Whole evil points mechanic is kind of stupid and pointless since he would be ...
This anime used to be huge back when it first aired by encompassing all the best elements of 80s cyberpunk. It was almost a flagship title at a time when anime were still fairly niche in America and everyone was watching tame sitcom cartoons. It was in a way the Neon Genesis or Ghost in the Shell of the 1980s, or the Psycho Pass of the 2010s. Historical importance aside, nowadays it is closer to a skeleton of a good story, since it had lots of good ideas but didn’t do much with them.. . In terms of production values it holds up pretty well. Made at ...
Kizuna Ai anime.... without Kizuna Ai. Was so hyped for this, no Kizuna Ai, none of her craziness or funny quips. What was the point of this anime? theres very cringy 3d bits that just look so bad. Characters are ok tho very very cringy and like other low budget anime they don't react like a human would, so many times they just act nonsensically.. . Just wanted a anime with Kizuna Ai in it coz it'd be at the very least funny, this feels like i've been tricked into watching people launch their vtube careers. Also how is it that the songs aren't all kixuna ...
I learned about the story of "The Ghost of Yotsuya" thanks to a classic movie that I watched a few years ago. I was quite interested in this relatively unknown OVA they made of it, since it is difficult, if not practically impossible, to find it subtitled.. . The first thing to clarify is that it does not have animation; it is a sequence of images that tell the legend. The drawings are nothing special, very simple, but they tell the story very effectively. My knowledge of Japanese is very basic, but the images explain the story well. However, I recommend that you read the story first ...
This comedy doesn't pay homage to other shows, but rather borrows countless random characters and plot elements, then mixes them all together without even trying to form a cohesive story. I think the more you try to explain this show, the less sense it makes. There are some rather humorous scenes and dialogue so at least there's that.. . If you can enjoy a ridiculous show without trying to understand it, then it's worth at least the '3 episode test'. Just keep in mind that the rest of the show is more of the same. Don't expect any character or plot ...
I think one of the biggest hurdles for people getting into this is that it's a 3D animated movie compared to a traditional 2D anime but that has never really bothered me so I finally decided to give it a try.. . The story isn't overly unique, think The Matrix mixed with Elysium. Humanity stretched Earth to its very limit with overpopulation and global warming, so much so numerous different plans were made for the continuation of mankind. One of these was a giant orbital space station where humans would be scanned onto a huge computer system and live in a virtual world. This however created a ...
Kinda sad I ended up mixed on this season, but as for my overall thoughts, the first half of this season was great in introducing the premise and such, but then the second half devolves into repetitive fight after fight with dumb random flashback after flashback that tries developing the characters but (mostly) just makes them nothing more than beings with just a single quirk. I'll be making many comparisons to Demon Slayer since I feel both are similar in their strengths and weaknesses (plus tbh I was hoping this would be far superior to it).. . Jujutsu Kaisen hit the ground running pretty quickly from the ...
Just finished it and it is weird for me to sum up my opinion.. . I feel like at the start, the sequance of event was really thrilling but then it faded off, slowly, painfully.. . Dr. Tenma is a moral man. A kind of the man you want to be like but just know you can't live up to the ideals he implify. His moral rightneouss definetly added a lot to his character. Eating himself over whether he did the right thing saving Johan, Is it ok to shoot a man who hurts others, etc.. . The upcoming side characters are unique and colorful with intersting backgrounds (Dieter, Heckel,Hugo and ...
Personally, I do like slice of life anime, and I do think this anime was cute.. However, since it's clearly just promotion for a mobile game westerners can't play, I can't be sure if I can recommend it to people.. . I'm pretty sure this anime is based on life before the plot of the game starts.. Since all of the anime is just the daily life of these magical girls, going to class, playing games, and eating snacks.. It's very clear, that life outside of their comfy school life is not good, but are they going to talk about that? No, no they aren't,. you have to play the ...
This anime, how to say it politely... It could be better.. . I never actually bumped into manga so I know just background from the anime. But all I can say, this anime is really weird one.. . First, animation is really nice, eye-catching and looks polished. However, when you start focusing on faces, this feeling goes away really fast. In some situations you really can't tell the difference between man and woman and some characters are basically 10 copies of 1 concept.. . Second, plot is also weird. You get kinda nice post-apo setup, however, you get no information. So you continue in watching and you continue, until ...
The first part of the season was amazing and exciting, it was the usual shiroe making his Over powered 200IQ plays,but then came the kids arch and they try the whole character development and more screen time for the kids, but it was just too much. It got really annoying and very boring in my opinion. It felt like shiroe wasn't even the main character anymore, in fact throughout the whole series it just felt like they're trying to fade him out.. . Im gonna give this a 7 it would be an 8 if it weren't for the kids arch.
If I shall say it seriously, as some review in the Spanish army has said, many tactics and approaches are how modern military acts or can act in a foreign territory, where this anime makes the approach to viewers how its done atleast from the Japanese Self-Defense Forces point of view.. . To the most of the foreign viewers, non-fictions/fictions, real life people acting or not or as an anime, are always thought to be just shooting and/or violence with overwhelming powers and just kicks assing the opponent. This anime on the other hand describes how militaries in the modern world, atleast how Japan and the U.N. ...
My feelings are kind of mixed on this one, people spoke so highly of Bocchi The Rock for so long and after watching it I don't think it's as great as people initially sold it to be. It's not bad but I would not recommend it either.. The narrative is very basic and the character banter is fun, but the characters themselves are kind of one note and every interaction becomes very predictable by the middle half of the series.. The soundtrack is good for the series its in and the songs that the band play are really good, so there's that.. The thing that really sets Bocchi ...
As someone who has almost no familiarity with nier aside from the final fantasy 14 raid, I enjoyed this anime. It does drag for the first 2 episodes and its exploration of humanity is surface-level deep. But what I did thoroughly enjoy is its inspired, unconventional world building, wacko characters, at times really beautiful scenes and solid and measured action, and while the story never quite reaches its lofty aspirations it does have some very emotional and heartfelt moments, overall I’m hooked and will watch season 2, but this one’s definitely an acquired taste. . P.S. the opening song is hype and has been a mainstay on ...
A step down from the previous film, but still a better watch than the actual series itself. The removal of pointless side characters and the focus on characters like Argo and Agil is a nice improvement. Unfortunately, it's heading in the direction of being as bad as the original series, with the focus solely on Kirito once again. Kirito remains the weakest aspect of the movie, and it genuinely feels like if he wasn't in the film, nothing would have changed. Furthermore, they're starting to write Asuna as another damsel in distress for Kirito, which is a significant step-down compared to the first film that ...
I would not recommend this anime unless you're already familiar with the card game. They don't explain the rules of the game in this show so I expect it would be fairly confusing for a newcomer.. . Going into this I had pretty low expectations but I was very surprised! The quality of writing, animation, pacing and music was pretty good, and I ended up really enjoying the show.. . The characters are realistic - kids act like kids and adults act like adults. It's a nice breath of fresh air after years of typical, tropey middle schoolers being more mature than adults. And there's actual, real, character growth! ...
I gave this anime a try after seeing it in my recommendations, and to be frank, it is the most cliché of cliché. There are too many things that must fly over your head for this to make any sense. A few examples: I have no clue what the main antagonist's goals are or why he decides to only send one of his minions at a time to kill the three protagonists, it's a very simple thing to add other major things that the minions have to attend to so that it doesn't seem like their just sitting there waiting for the previous one to ...
As an avid tennis fan and player for almost twenty years now, I stayed away from tennis anime like the plague, for fear of anticipating constant cringe in an anime, from a sport that I know and love. Let's just get one thing out of the way, I REALLY like tennis and have been pretty obsessed with it in the past. I mean, absolutely balls deep into the game, following the professional tour every tournament, playing down at my local club 3-4 days a week (used to me more back in my School days), learning and studying the techniques, the grips used, the rules, the ...
Plantes is a really hard series to review due to how far apart its highs and lows are. The first 14 episodes or so are fantastic. However, ep 15 and onwards has a dramatic crash in the quality of characters and episode structure. That being said, even with the very disappointing ending it's still a show that I keep thinking about for positive reasons.. . What makes the first half of the show so great? The biggest strength of the first half was its character interactions. Each episode was stuffed full of fast-paced banter and discussion from a wide variety of characters, and it all worked ...
A story at it's core full of potential unfortunately hindered by it's pacing and script which are, for lack of a better word... shit. . Although i did ultimately enjoy this movie, i feel like it missed by a long shot how great it could've been. It tries to showcase emotional and even tough themes, but these lose their depth and instead come off as exagerated and/or melodramatic thanks to mediocre writing and directing. . The first half is paced extreamly badly, with the characters actions feeling so slow a snail could run a marathon before the scene ends. It's also very dialogue focused, like i mentioned before, the script's quality ...
The characters in the series have boring, empty personalities without any meaningful development. The design of several characters is a copy of each other, many female characters with the same skin and hair color, increasingly pale, which makes the screen almost impossible to see, almost blinding the viewer, lack of individuality. Most are also "loli" characters in skimpy clothes, which is worrying and strange. They also have similar voices and personalities, with few changes in accessories or hairstyles.. . Subaru is boring and forced, showing beyond-normal "love and concern" for everyone he meets without even really knowing them. His romance with Emilia happens out of nowhere, without ...
English.. In this second season we will see more stories, more plots and of course more love, I think it is a good sequel for the series, here the girls already know that they like the same boy and will try to fight for him. I love that because the author does try to follow the plot and not get left behind.. For me, the harem genre that many like, I don't like it at all, I get an unreal idea that few or no one will experience, I don't know if the culture of Japan is different but here in Mexico I think it sounds super ...
English.. An idea that would not occur to just anyone, although it is interesting, the truth is that I do not think they have done it in the best way. It is simple in its story, a high school boy needs money because he is poor, he gets involved as a tutor and gives himself He says that he has to teach a group of girls that they are sisters and quintuplets. The new or the strange will always be interesting to human beings, that is why this series will simply interest anyone, but will it really contribute something interesting? The answer is simpler than you ...
I've never seen a film that seems so genuinely unsure about what it wants to be. To an extent, I think it mostly wants to be a dystopian science-fiction alternative to the historical fantasy of 'Princess Mononoke', and that's not a bad idea in the slightest. And it puts the pieces in motion well. Introduces enough characters to build a story around, a compelling enough mystery box of a female lead, some good world-building. But at a certain point it sort of loses track of everything, and by the end I found myself a little confused as to what it was trying to do, be, ...
ViVid Strike! is really in a truly unique place when it comes to calling it good or bad. Not just because it's separated itself from the long departed concept of Lyrical Nanoha (in themes and name, including abandoning the magical girl aspect itself), but because it throws so many concepts of even ViVid out the window, which is surprising given it directly follows ViVid. What I mean by this is: if you're looking for a Lyrical Nanoha series, you'll be sorely disappointed. However, if you're just watching it to stand on its own, it's actually an extremely impressive tale. Therefore, this review is by fault ...
I'll say it straight out: Mushoku Tensei is not an anime for everyone.. . What may displease (and will displease some) is the perverse side, particularly that of the main character Rudeus Greyrat. But all that makes the anime itself.. . I've rarely seen an isekai anime that interpreted social phenomena so well. I remind you, Rudeus was a piece of shit. In his former life, he'd been harassed to the point of not being able to leave his house. He stayed inside, running away from reality. Until he was over 30. He's society's waste product. And we're giving him a second chance. A new life. He's not going ...
Death Note was literally a rollercoaster that had its railings removed midway and I fell to my literal death. This anime was so close to being one of my favorite ones but it didn't make it. For the first half of the anime, I was so dang hooked because of the Light VS L case with all the suspense as they battle with their wits and all these clever tricks and plot twists. The whole idea that Light was trying everything to cover up his identity from L who kept uncovering everything; THAT WAS THE VERY FUN PART. I loved the suspense I got to ...
Decent lore and character development. Too bad it sorta just became a yap-fest. Just yappin and yappin and it's always the same message: "i believe in you, believe in me pls" which is fine and all but having to hear it for 12 episodes gets boring. The revelation about Emelia's past was pretty cool. There is still a lot of mystery remaining in this series, and I have no doubt the next couple of season(s) will be great. As for this specific season, the plot is slightly dragged out. It also doesn't really feel like an Isekai anymore. Subaru isn't really doing anything unique or ...
Unfortunately, I am essentially re-iterating what seems to be the popular opinion surrounding this title.. . Nuku Nuku DASH is the swansong of the animated shows surrounding this cast of characters. Unlike its self-aware, wonderfully cheesy comedy predecessors, this one takes itself way too seriously despite its generic monster-of-the-week plot. I was always eager to watch another episode of the OVA or TV show, but this comparatively felt like a drag to finish. While comparing DASH to its predecessors doesn't feel fair to its own production, it heavily borrows assets from the Nuku Nuku TV show released earlier in the year which makes it easy to point ...
As someone who has watched this anime just for fun, as well as wants to try watching gourmet animes, I was interested and satisfied, I'm in love with this anime. In my opinion, it is an anime that you can watch when you want to skip time but not watch competitive-based anime. Watching it with expectations of spectacular anime, you'll hate it and think it is boring.. . As for the story, it's not that unique, to be honest. It's reincarnation anime as others have the same theme. But as for the art, it's amazing. I think that the main character (Pastry) is smart and strong.
The anime is simultaneously very cute and wholesome, and also features a terrible, unnecessary teacher/student romance plot.. . It has some of my favorite moments of growth for students; their friendships and relationships are beautifully written, and it's a wonderful depiction of school life.. You get very beautiful moments of growth, even from background characters, who feel very real throughout the show.. . However, it's just impossible to overlook the main 'romance' being between a 14 year old student, and a teacher is out of college so at least 20. Especially since the teacher reciprocating those feelings is NOT essential to the plot, and it should have been left ...
Pretty cute, light, and fluffy. The way character relationships are allowed to build from meeting to meeting is interesting and really made this anime special. It’s slow-paced, with no central plot, so the character development was essential and well done. The art style is lovely. I also enjoyed reoccurring jokes and themes throughout. The voice acting is well handled. Sometimes characters’ goofs were emphasized more than necessary, but I rarely felt like that. If you’re looking for something fluffy, this might be a good pick for you! It struck me as queer-bating and fetishizing male relationships, or I would rate it more highly.
Honestly? If you're a die-hard Slayers fan who can't get enough of Lina and Naga('s boobs), go watch it. Otherwise? Meh. It's arguably the weakest incarnation of Slayers I have seen so far, and as a stand-alone, it's pretty mediocre, at least plot-wise.. . The animation is good, music is good, voice acting is good, but the plot and characters (other than the two main characters) are pretty forgettable. If Lina and Naga were swapped for two other randos, I wouldn't bother giving this anime the time of the day. Then again, the two main characters might as well be two other randos, because the plots of ...
I went in thinking I would like this, the visuals in the first episode especially gave me great hope... But visuals alone couldn't carry it, and by the end of episode 3, I knew I wouldn't be able to take the logical inconsistency and shallow character depth which they were trying to grow with a premise that really makes no sense. The way the show jumped from scene to scene was more confusing than dramatic or thrilling, and it left no real time for build up or attachment to the human characters before it too rapidly killed them off. The scene with the plane, for ...
It's some good 90s fun.. The english dub is serviceable, the animations are nice and I especially love the designs of the characters.. The artstyle is very reminiscent of the late 90s series like early Pokémon and especially Slayers given the fantasy setting.. The story is like a mash of every JRPG you've ever played so it's nothing unpredictable, although that isn't a bad thing, honestly it was a fun watch and the length of 4 episodes was the right choice.. I think it's a good show to put on when you don't want to pay too much attention and have a bit of light hearted fun.
Honestly do not get the hype around this one.. Season 1 started off somewhat interesting with the fingers of Sakuna and Yujii being able to somewhat control him, the mystery and intrigue of the world and curses etc.. It quickly became standard shonen power system anime that nobody fucking gets because the powers in question are just pulled out of thin air and explained mid-fight (with the kack-handed explanation that this makes the person stronger lmfao). Explainu No Kaisen.. . There is no build-up for anything, there is no tension in fights because the big three (Satoru, the Frankenstein boi and whatever emo-man's name is) are completely busted ...
Interesting premise and I cared about the characters as well as the world. The mixed feelings come in from the plot...there's a lot of exploration and interesting events that occur, but the whole season felt a little too introductory. It could've had some more answers to questions that came up or picked up the pace in some areas that seem to be less significant in the grand scheme of things.. . If you really like sci fi/supernatural stories with unique characters I think that it will be enjoyable, but likely still not the best thing you've ever watched. I believe the heavy lifting of my interest ...
This anime is neither scary nor creepy. Horror is generally a very difficult genre to get it right, especially in anime/manga because not only is it niche by nature, but it also actively conflicts with one of the biggest eyecatchers that hooks people into your series; the artstyle. Something like Horror in media that doesn't feature live actors generally requires the visuals to be closer to realism and character designs to be more grounded, so the viewer/reader can essentially "feel" it more at a personal level to be truly effective- Similar to how Horror themed indie games have become popular because the interaction aspect of ...
There’s nothing sweet about the show nor about his reincarnation.. . Let's be honest, at first, we surely thought this anime would be that slice of life isekai, where the mc is making pastries and sweets in another world. Just like the "Parallel World Pharmacy" but with sweets and pastry, and with the MC opening a bakery or sweet shop. But sike! It's actually "How a realist hero rebuilt the Kingdom!". . While I don't hate the show for what it was, I can understand why others dislike it for this very reason. The actual story was relatively decent, but it seems to be diverging from its initial ...
Do they make sweets every episode? No not really. At moments I think it should be just called Reincarnation instead of Sweet Reincarnation. Though, there are moments in the anime where it does shine, like the politics the main protagonist plays in order to make sweets. But there are sometimes too many politics which I consider to be both a positive and a negative of this anime. The reincarnate plays the politics well, but when I watch an anime about making sweets, I expect there to be more sweets than politics. If I wanted to watch a politics anime, I would've watched How a Realist ...
Sweet, Delicious Isekai.. . Honestly, I wouldn’t blame you if you neglected to watch or dropped Sweet Reincarnation after a couple of episodes. It’s another low-quality, low-effort isekai set in another European medieval light-novel fantasy land, sure, but unlike all of the other isekai garbage (excluding The Most Heretical Last Boss Queen and Mushoku Tensei) there was a certain charm to Sweet Reincarnation that kept me coming back each week.. . Unlike other protagonists of this season’s isekai ilk, the reincarnated pastry chief who died after being crushed by his own cake (no, seriously, that’s how he dies) and now is the nine-year-old son of a noble lord ...
Don't bother watching this, just skip to the Duel Monsters anime. Stomps this anime in every regard.. . Seriously even for Yu-Gi-Oh fans the novelty quickly wears off since most of the episodes are predictable filler that have nothing to do with the main story.. . Production Values: Art(4) Animation (4) Sound Direction(4) OST(4) Voice Acting (5). The art direction & animation for this series is very inconsistent. Rarely does it ever go beyond sub-par quality, even then it's not by much. It does have it's own "aesthetic" but not in a good way, tries to create atmosphere by contrasting dark & bright colors but it ends up being very ...
Overall, this show is just sort of "meh". It's a very simple rom-com with very nice animation, but that's really it. It doesn't go any deeper than "Boy likes girl because she's cute. Watch as cute things happen between them." The weakest part of this series is the male lead character, Kaede Komura. He's a walking cliche of a boy who's attracted to a girl because she's cute and nice. He spends way too much time monologuing to himself and being too nervous to speak properly. As for the female lead, Ai Mie, she's a bit of a ditz; always forgets her glasses and does ...
The Swordsmith Village arc for Demon Slayer is a season that is carried almost solely by its animation and fights but has the worst story out of any season of demon slayer so far.. . The story itself doesn't start off too bad. Tanjiro needs his sword repaired and goes to the Swordsmith village where a fight happens, quite simple but okay. The problem is that the pacing is a bit off and the writing just becomes bad, throwing in a massive deus ex machina where there simply was no need for one and where it doesn't make sense which ruins part of the story. The ...
I like the style and music, and the concept is one I resonate with strongly. I feel the need to rate this a 4.5, but in lieu of partials for our rating system, I'm rating it a 5. Why? Because it's not that it's bad... it's just painfully... plain.. . It's a simple, safe representation of taking the first steps to overcoming depression. I respect it, and I wish good things to the student who made this film. At the same time, I'm not really sure if I'd recomend this. It's short, so if you want to watch a slightly feel good story about overcoming depressing, I'd ...
This anime was quite boring if I could describe it in just one word. I only got interested in the last plot involving the protagonist's sister, and I believe that if the entire anime had focused on her, it would have been much better because it seems like the episodes leading up to that event were just filler.. . However, I was not pleased with the ending at all, extremely rushed, with a resolution that was extremely simple and disconnected from what was previously "predicted" to happen.. . It became quite clear that the story is still ongoing, but I can't say whether this anime will ever receive a ...
No one has written a review for this, so I guess I will. This is a short film that was screened in 2001 at a special event with a dual-screen cinema setup. Because of that strange format, it was never released on home media until recently (in a mobile game, of all places). It is ostensibly related to Zeta Gundam, taking place during that show's main conflict, but besides the date is extremely tangential. It's really just about two kids trying to survive Earth re-entry after their ship becomes collateral damage in the war. It's decent for what it is. Much attention is paid to ...
This is the story of a salaryman going to another world, becoming a healer who will become a renowned masochist... I meant healer.. . Another isekai, with the same progression of getting stronger for the sake of HUMANITY IN A SENSE THAT, he's doing so by HEALING for low rates. Since, the other world he is currently in, is a place where Healers are the rich men. This ain't your isekai where the MC will try to go to the battlefield asap and get involved with many strong figures and get power spikes every episode.... . There are improvements on the MCs over time via training no instant achievements ...
i started watching this anime in high hopes, maybe that’s why i’m a bit disappointed.. . the plot itself is actually interesting and unique, but i think it would have been told WAY better than this. it feels rushed, we don’t get to see any character development as well. however, it was still kind of enjoyable, at least the last episodes were somehow intriguing. the op and ed were catchy, the art was nice as well.. . if you’ve already watched the popular series and looking for something lighter to enjoy, i think you can give this anime a chance. just don’t be too expectant.
Right then, this one was a shame. It's started with much promise, lost its way and finished in a little bit of a mess. That's the summary here is a little breakdown.. . What really does shine in this show is the music. It's excellent. Less of a score and more of a series of bangers that appear at the perfect moments. Even the intro music is great. It add a great deal of excitement to fights that honestly, the further you get into the show, are really anything but exciting. The music at times really keeps the show afloat.. . Animation wise, it seems to be in line ...
Captain Herlock: Arcadia of My Youth strips down sci-fi into a dramatic and somewhat dull affair. Unfortunately, after watching what felt like an incredibly long and meandering film, I didn't get much out of this particular story. It's an extraordinarily self-serious and dramatic film, but it does not really justify this feeling with how dull it is at the same time. Overall, Captain Herlock was a letdown, and simply far too long for what is a pretty shallow plot, while having some decent moments.. . A quick synopsis: Captain Herlock is a dark and depressing take on a dystopian sci-fi future where Earth has been occupied by ...
One Piece is a great anime no doubt about it. the story, world building key moments are all great. this anime captures my heart more than in any series.. ofcourse we all also know that one piece has a terrible pacing that can damage your watching experience is it because the anime is 45-50 chapters behind the manga. so if they fix the pacing of the anime (like those seasonal anime) they will catch up in the manga in no time. So they'll end up making a full filler episode (which is bad in my pov) . so anyone who wanna watch one piece. ...
the storyline, arts, animation, voice actors are very good. plotwise it is like the embodiment of everyone desire: bad life, turned to good life in an instant. the minus point of the series is, the main character "appearances glow up" in one single night and the emphasis of the differences of the "appearances appraissal" when he was fat and when he is fit from those around him. what if the girl she saved from the convenience store shows up and invited him to the school when he's still fat? what would be the "appraisal" of that school's students of him if he still fat? it ...
I have mixed feelings about this show despite being an avid viewer who's watched all the seasons and is currently reading the light novels. My main gripe about the show is how the studio can CLEARLY make this show great, and has done so with others but for some reason refuses too. I don't usually care if an anime follows the manga "faithfully" if they can add onto the source material and develop the characters further, but this adaptation does none of that.. . There is so many missing things that is critical to a characters personality that is not in the anime, there are whole ...
Insomniacs After School is much, much better than the likes of Your Lie in Apil. Why? Because it's much more grounded in reality and much less reliant on melodramatic scenes that "pull on your heartstrings" to create a compelling romance and slice-of-life show.. . That's right: this show is much less melodramatic than I ever expected. Is this a good depiction of a person with insomnia? I can't say, since I don't suffer from it. What I can say, however, is that the genre of this show is mainly romance. The main couple being insomniac is more of a subtheme and a way for them to ...
To put it simply, whether or not you will enjoy this show will depend on what made you enjoy Naruto.. . As a stand-alone Shonen this anime is okay. It has fights that are decent, and fights that are good in terms of animation and composition, and its plot is consistent. There’s always a narrative development to look forward to as the show progresses. But as a successor to the 720 episode icon that was Naruto, it falls short.. . Boruto abandons much of the complex character development and backstories made the franchise unique. Most side characters are thrown at you without any strong ...
I may have given this a 4/10 but there was a fair bit I enjoyed about it. Like one of the girls having an F1 car as the sound of her flying to show her speed lmao, the cast was pretty fun, and the ending was a cliche but satisfying save the world together stuff I like.. To be honest, I'd give this a 6 if it weren't all the sol being ALL bath scenes,the girls moaning with all their clothes disappearing after a fight, and the weird incest yuri.. In the end, it couldn't have been that bad. I binged it in a day somehow.
Just Megumin's backstory, along with enhanced worldbuilding and foreshadowing of the main show. It really acts as a prequel and references A LOT (a lot) to events that will happen later, so if you liked Konosuba, expect to be *Leo pointing meme* at every other scene.. . Overall it's much more clever than humourous, whilst also being a very feel-good show with great worldbuilding. It's a definite watch if you're in for its clever hints and nods, as the show takes us to all three settings we've seen with the two seasons and subsequent movie. Oh and have I mentioned the lovely worldbuilding?
The show's art style has significantly declined, and I'm not a fan of its simplicity compared to the more detailed first season. The unappealing character designs really detract from the overall viewing experience. This has even deterred me from watching "One Piece" due to its perceived childlike art style.. . Notably, even the main characters, including Gojo, have become less attractive due to the flat art style, worsened compositing, and shadow effects. It's challenging to enjoy the show when the art style is so off-putting, which has made this season a disappointment for me. Additionally, I find the story quite dull; there's no exaggeration there.. . The voice acting, ...
If you watched a fansub of this, it was probably translated by me, someone who could barely speak any Japanese at the time. I'm sorry.. . Our subbing group actually had 2 native speaking translators on it... and they both refused to translate this weird weird show saying they'd rather tear their ears off. With a review like that I figured, damn, I gotta see this! It was so bad, I ended up translating it myself.. . While it is horrible, it is sort of funny in a bizarre acid trip sort of way. The awful timing on some of the gags made for some painful antijokes.... all in ...
Imagine being served a beautiful birthday cake, your favorite kind, whatever that might be, but it's topped with regurgitated pickles instead of a cherry. It would almost be exactly what you want, but that ONE detail would render it inedible.. . That sums up how this show makes me feel.. . The synopsis sounds absolutely thrilling, if fairly expected of a UC Gundam show: "After the One Year War, an Anaheim Electronics-designed Suit with nuclear capabilities is stolen by Zeon soldiers trying to revive the regime. Our Feddie protagonist has to get it, tragedy ensues".. . It also looks and sounds amazing, my eyes were never bored from start to finish. ...
According to synopsis main cast are bounty hunter with dark past,premise and story setting is interesting like cowboy/bounty hunters in space.. Story really doesn't focus on past of MC instead each episode feels like fillers or very episodic with little to no connection to main story although there was character development but ending ruined all the development that had happened in the story.. Story has only 5 to 6 episode of past content that to with vague explanation. Didn't understood the motivation of the villain and ending came out of no where. Apart from that anime is really funny with misunderstanding/misfortune of the main casts and their ...
I'm pretty sure I watched it because I heard or read that it was just God awful; whenever I hear that I take it as a challenge. It's definitely not the best, but I thought it was OK. The story's a bit cheesy but captivating nonetheless. The animation is its clear weak point, and if it were longer than 30 minutes it might be unbearable to watch. It was short and sweet and I enjoyed it well enough. If you every find yourself with an awkward amount of time on your hands and need to kill half an hour, I'd say this short film is ...
Sorry for any grammatical error(s).. "This anime is a bit cringey but also enjoyable". If you start thinking that this will be dealing with social anxiety then no this focuses on mainly on the entertainment aspect nothing much .. But it fills good ,from the start you know it will be about komi centric and it is ,it mainly focuses on her and comedy in it .. The continuos addition of all other charters feels good it didn't felt too rush but yeah since all anime have less it was a bit too fast with the introduction of all charters and I think it covers all the short stories ...
The series is really amazing and the animation is great. One thing about it is that it's animated in traditional cel animation rather than digital ink and paint.. . While anime studios back in the early 2000's were starting to use digital ink and paint, J.C.Staff on the other hand used traditional cel animation while their other works are animated using digital ink and paint.. . I really like how it's animated using traditional cel animation to make it look like an anime series from the 90's despite being premiered in the early 2000's.. . I know it has nothing to do with the series at all but it's okay. :). . I ...
Simply put, this is just your average slice of life with cringy girlpop songs that shows what happens in the entertainement indurstry but in anime form for the people that dont know anything and live under a rock. I guess thats why this anime is so overhyped and people were shocked the whole time with its dark topics. Whole anime was underwhelming cuz of the hype it has recieved, especially the first episode which had absolutely no element of surprise at all idk why everyone thinks it does. What was really good about the first ep tho is that it set up the story perfectly ...
It's great to see Gamera back, but perhaps he should've taken a few more years off.. This series is painfully mediocre, offering up: one-dimensional characters, plotline clichés with convoluted 'twists', and cheap animation. It serves as a solid celebration of the franchise it represents, but has little to justify the road from kaiju to kaiju.. . If you're a fan of Gamera, Rebirth provides heavy nostalgia by revisiting & reimagining many of the more recognizable kaiju from his Showa era. These are beautifully executed & redesigned, even if a few of them fall flat in terms of delivery. Nonetheless, I think that's where this series shines. It's a ...
More of the same from the first season. There is a plot in this show. Probably. But, as with the first season, you'll be far too busy watching the spectacle of Anos BSing his way out of every situation either using some OP ancient artifact, making up new shit on the spot, or just by overmatching his enemy using only 10% of his power. Nothing makes sense. The magic system seems to only follow one rule – that it does whatever would be most convenient for Anos at that moment.. . Anos can not be defeated in battle. Anos can not be outwitted. None of the other ...
You want a happy ending? Try Junjou Romantica, Haru wo Daite Ita, or Ikoku Irokoi Romantan.. . If you’re more into intriguing endings (for better or worse), try Mirage of Blaze (+OVA) or Ai no Kusabi (1992).. . And if you’re into tear-jerkers, I couldn’t recommend Fuyu no Semi more, which haunted me enough to watch Haru wo Daite Ita.. But for the love of god, don’t get your hopes up with this thing.. . STORY: 5/10. Really nice, really interesting, really. The idea of working together to restore balance to light and darkness (of which kokuchi reside) was nice—but what would have given it more merit is if the execution ...
To get directly to the point: This show is like a big bowl with great ingrediences and no cook. It feels like 9 or 10 girls put their craziest ideas, mixed them up and took, whatever came out of this mixing process. This show is a mash-up of great fantastic ideas glued together by a story-telling without a störy.. . But no for more details:. . 1.) Sunshine in the mirror as Love Live show. This show was first announced as april of the "Love Live" franchise. Therefore, it is part of this franchise. But this show doesn't feel like a Love Live show at all. The mirror-counterparts of ...
After how much of an absolute slam dunk the first TYBW cour was, it's hard not to feel like this one is low on steam in comparison. Compositing is still as strong as ever and animation is solid at minimum, but I can name very few cuts in this I was really impressed by compared to how much I was blown away by the ones in The Battle, Born in the Dark, or especially The Fire. The pacing is also really kicked into overdrive, with fights like Mask de Masculine's and Gremmy's being compressed into single episodes, which is kind of insane considering their chapter ...
To me, this wasn't really worth watching, not even as background noise. Yet, I can't bring myself to hate it, it's just so incredibly unremarkable. It's not funny, it's not exciting, it's not interesting, it's not annoying, it's not irritating, it's just dreadfully monotone. Everyone talking in slow motion, nothing even remotely creative happening, the low-quality animation.... . It has literally nothing whatsoever to offer to my tastes. It's supposed to be a relaxing comedy or something along those lines, but I personally simply do not understand how the jokes are supposed to be funny. I can see where the jokes are told, but every single one ...
This is a tough one to review. First off it's clear that the animation and artstyle is both beautiful and thoughtfully executed. However, the difficulty in reviewing Kailua no Kodomo mainly comes from its story. Here's a more precise explanation:. . Animation (8): A beautiful mix of 3D elements that don't feel too out of place and a well thought out charadesign makes this movie one of the prettiest ones to hit theatres the year of its release.. . Story (4): This is where it's really hard to have a concise opinion, at first I felt like maybe I didn't understand the thought process behind a lot of the ...
“Ikoku Meiro no Croisée The Animation” is what happens when you make a show with an interesting premise but simplify it to the most bare bones, feel good and naive things You can.. . A young japanese girl named Yune arrives in Paris. Brought in by Oscar, she is to become a live-in maid for a small blacksmith / metal craft shop that is run mainly by his grandson - Claude. From that day she discovers new things in an unknown place and makes Claude’s life a little more “interesting”.. . Yeah, that’s it.It’s a slice of life show so don’t expect an overarching plot or even a main ...
This is a case of liking the groundwork, but not invested enough for the detective procedural.. The show is competently made, from the directing/editing of the animation that flows really well to the voice acting that brought out the characters quaint charms. Even the world it portrays is quite interesting for me. However, watching an intriguing fantasy/mystery first episode only to watch a murder of the week story next 3 episodes just doesn't keep me hook enough. I do like how fantasy elements are included in the case & the main characters' dynamics are quite fun. Just that storywise it's too crime solving and too ...
I went into this season already loving the 1st season. Sure, some of the characters could be annoying but were very relatable, but my biggest issue was the story was moving rather slowly. That all changed this season and the plot just rushes ahead, unfortunately a lot of the characters seem to have been put on the back burner and felt like there was a very uneven balance of story and characters not really getting much time making it feel even more rushed. By the end, I felt like I missed a third of the story was missing as so much is rushed the last ...
Recap as recap is nothing special, unless of course you want to refresh your memory before watching season 2. . Thank you for the brief retelling of the first part of season 1, to be honest, it is quite possible to watch this movie for the place of the beginning of season 1, but why when there is a full season with all the details. You can describe this movie in 4 words "the same eggs only in profit" Hahaha. If it wasn't a recap, maybe I would have put 8, but it's so patchy... Oh, the soundtrack is fucking great at the end ;). ⠀⠀⠀⣀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡠⡄⠀⠀. ⢰⠒⠒⢻⣿⣶⡒⠒⠒⠒⠒⠒⠒⠒⠒⠒⡶⠊⣰⣓⡒⡆. ⢸⢸⢻⣭⡙⢿⣿⣍⡉⠉⡇⣯⠉⠉⣩⠋⢀⣔⠕⢫⡇⡇. ⢸⢸⣈⡻⣿⣶⣽⡸⣿⣦⡇⣧⠠⠊⣸⢶⠋⢁⡤⠧⡧⡇. ⢸⢸⠻⣿⣶⣝⠛⣿⣮⢻⠟⣏⣠⠞⠁⣼⡶⠋⢀⣴⡇⡇. ⢸⢸⣿⣶⣍⠻⠼⣮⡕⢁⡤⢿⢁⡴⠊⣸⣵⠞⠋⢠⡇⡇. ⢸⢘⣛⡻⣿⣧⢳⣿⣧⠎⢀⣾⠋⡠⠞⢱⢇⣠⡴⠟⡇⡇. ...
The main problem with this series is that it tries to push stuff for at least three seasons in six short episodes. Besides that, I really liked the first three episodes- while they weren't perfect, they were at least watchable. The plot in the latter episodes felt rushed and was also kinda confusing in some moments: For example, at the end of one episode, one of the characters announces that he has no interest in fighting alongside the others, the next one, he is suddenly back at their sides without any explanation. Maybe the show would've been better if it were at least twice as ...
The character development here is very obvious and simple but it works, what makes it interesting to me is the comparison between the character's original motivation from Pride's first incarnation to the current one, the only character that feels boring is Tiara who suffers from the Nezuko Syndrome (cute and kind little sister with no personality besides being a good sister)- although I will recognize she doesn't feel out of place, she properly acts like a noble and she's not just a stereotype to make Pride (even more) insecure, but so far she's not very well written.. On the topic of character writing It's also ...
I love the source material (no spoilers here!), but this anime won't be for everyone despite being a great adaptation of a wonderful series of light novels.. . It takes itself very seriously in a way that can be hard for everyone to keep up with. Conversations and events can feel awkward, but make sense if you accept the premises of the show. I'd suggest giving it a shot but not sticking with something you don't enjoy, even if that makes me question your taste haha.. . Animation: Fantastic, the key action scenes have gotten a lot of love.. . Plot: Slow burn which seems to stall at times, but it's ...
Dinagiga is the epitome of wasted potential.. . The entire franchise (yes, this OVA didn't come out of nowhere) was the brainchild of Takeshi Doi. The franchise came about with the release of three drama CD's (which I own) that introduced the characters and the setting. I assume that those three were successful enough, and was planned as the starting point of a profitable mecha franchise with probably the most cute and adorable MC for a mecha series that had not been seen since Gunbuster.. . Unfortunately, and I can only speculate, there did not seem to be enough money or sponsors for this anime television series of either ...
I don't usually leave reviews, as I don't usually have much to say in regards to something I just watch. My ratings usually suffice for how I feel about a given anime.. . But I had to write this just to say that this anime... well, to put it this way, if you haven't read the light novels, you'll be lost and confused. In addition, there's a decent amount of wasted potential. The end of the first episode hints at a battle that is never covered in extensive detail in the second volume (it's actually skipped over), and how the OVA is resolved in the end is ...
I generally really enjoy the story. The manga is amazing, but this is an odd adaptation.. The intro and outro songs are really good. Will add to music play list later.. The thing that kills it for me is the animation. It is unfortunately CGI and it's a bit garring at times. Its feels like I'm waiting for the cutscene in a video game to be over. The CGI is distracting. The movements of the characters are sometimes really uncanny and not normal. How is it that the background characters are animated in 2D, and the main characters are in CGI? Its normally the other ...
Story/Narrative - 5. She is interesting and has her highs and lows, but the story drags on from a certain death which is very noticeable.. . Characters and Development - 7. Honestly, there are really bad and unnecessary characters, but many characters captivate you and some that only appeared at first for one reason and stayed for several others. Several "whatever" characters but several striking ones for sure.. . Animation and Art - 8. One of the madhouse classics without a doubt. This type of anime doesn't require many fluid scenes, but the ones that were there delivered a lot. Some characters have somewhat "generic" designs, but the visual aspect of the ...
As an avid lover of slice-of-life and romance anime, Kawaii dake ja Nai Shikimori-san is one of those shows where it's just alright. I don't have anything critical to say about it because it's ignorant to expect too much from these types of shows. But I'll give my honest thoughts on it.. . The show revolves around Izumi, our protagonist (???) or the main male lead character. His character is grounded in the super unlucky trope, and it's ruining my life type of thing. He's very passive for most of the show and doesn't really have ...
THIS REVIEW IS WRITTEN FOR S2 ALL EPISODES AVAILABLE NOW [TILL EP 3]. um okay this may agitate a lot of people but the long anticipated season 2 is slow paced and by that i mean very slow. compared to the season 1 ,i'm finding it a lot undesirable to reduce the pace cuz its what made me and a lot of the community to like season 1 .. the animation is absolutely gorgeous and i as the manga reader am skeptical of the arc hitting us with the impact we've hoped for.. I'LL BE UPDATING THIS REVIEW SO THIS IS NOT A FINAL ...
Years after Mitsudomoe, the funniest sh*t you'll ever see if you're into nonsensical comedy, from the same author, we get a romcom with a twist, or is it?. . The premise presented is of a protagonist which fantasizes about killing people, specially the most popular girl of his class, who is pretty, cute, funny, airhead, glutton, popular, model... just the most perfect girl possible. A beauty and the beast kind of story. That premise holds for about one episode.. . From the second onwards, we can already see that this "fantasy" is perhaps a kind of defense mechanism he has so as to not interact with people. He thinks ...
I admit I've watched only 4 first episodes, so I can't tell how the show presents as a whole, but here's my thoughts.. . Every episode seems to tell a story of some random people instead of the main characters. Even though the stories are quite interesting themself, they seem to be completely unrelated to each other, and does not concern main characters much. I didn't like such a thing, because it makes me wonder why the main characters are even "main". Why are they needed to tell all these 11 unrelated stories? Don't they have their own history to be told? Like how they even met ...
Had Death note ended at episode 10, its story would have been immortal. Had it ended at episode 25, it would still have been a great series but flawed. But then it kept going. Alas, what can one say?. . I've generally stopped putting down on my MAL account when I dropped a show because I don't like giving the wrong impression. But I just feel so frustrated with the potential of the show. It starts off with a very engaging cat-and-mouse game in some of the most enjoyable television I've seen in a long time. However, has two decreases in quality: a minor one at episode ...
To be straight to the point, I think KNB's biggest faults are its characters and their developments and story pacing.. . Characters + Developments:. This part is very crucial in any story for viewers to develop a connection with the characters, and this is something KNB failed at doing. This is also prolly why the fandom is dead. The characters may seem interesting at first glance, but when you dig deeper you realize that there isn't much depth in them. Such as the goals of Kuroko and Kagami, their goals were very generic and just very plain, and even throughout their journey to accomplish that goal, I couldn't ...
This series started out as quite the masterpiece for me, which is kinda contradicted by the fact that I've decided to drop it after episode 10, which is again contradicted by my giving it a rating of 8/10. Let me explain.. . I tend to lean more toward action/adventure/fantasy side of things as far as anime go, but I have watched my share of strictly romance stuff and I do enjoy romantic main or subplots in any anime on a whole, provided they are well written, simple and not unnecessarily convoluted. As stated at the start, I really enjoyed this anime initially, even as far as 6 ...
Drifting Dragons had the potential to be amazing but blows it thanks to the problems with 3D animation and a lackluster (arguable nonexistant) plot.. . The plot is mostly slice of life as it follows the Quin Zaza in their daily duties as Drakers (Dragon hunters). From hunting to selling the parts in port, Drifting Dragons covers it all. However, the concept of the show is what does the majority of the heavy lifting. Action and cooking sequences supplement the narrative, they alone aren't enough to make up for an unexplored plot that was set up from episode 1. Within the first few minutes it's mentioned that ...
So some dudes made this short horror film titled Blood the Last Vampire which was instantly labeled cult. I don’t know why; it was probably the weird presentation of an otherwise simplistic premise. Some years later, some other dudes decide to make a series out of this and the result is Blood+. The tale of an apparently normal high school girl forced to take part in a sinister conspiracy that aims to make humanity food for vampire-like freaks.. . To make a long story short, the series has a very good concept and interesting characters but its presentation lacks the stuff that would make it great. Here ...
The animation is good, the action scenes are fairly flashy, but a little rough at times. There are some great backgrounds in this anime, but the character detail can be a little hit or miss. The characters are fair, the main character Hyakkimaru and his brother are kind of interesting. Dororo is either hit or miss depending on the scene.The world building is really good, and the plot is very solid. Pacing is good, but not great. Things move at a decent pace. The voice acting is fair, the performances are mostly average with a rare good performance here or there. I liked the casting ...
If you are one of the three people that have been reading my Monogatari reviews you might have noticed that each one of them more or less reflected my impressions about them, thus Bakemono’s was a setup for what was coming next, Nisemono’s was very short and without much content, while Neko: Kuro and Second Season got a much more detailed one to explain everything I thought about them. Meanwhile Hana and Tsuki got one closer to the one of the second series, and I bashed Koyomi as it rightfully deserves.. . So, in true Monogatari fashion, let me go back to something I wrote right at ...
There isn't much to talk about with this... they just added some random Anya clips over a lyric video and declared it as if it was super special, but looks like an edit a young teenager put together for their favourite song... a song that wasn't even that good. It was just Japanglish with repeated Anya scenes and that is all! It is cute but you are basically just listening to a song while rewatching a total of 10 seconds of Anya repetitively.. . It isn't a terrible song and I am aware that this isn't supposed to be something high-value or any relevance to the series ...
This Shonen has so much wasted potential. From the world and characters to the abilities and enemies it has everything it could need to have a successful Shonen but it fails in the writing department in every aspect. It feels like I'm watching a rip off verison of Bleach/jujutsu kaisen. The problem is that evertime it gets interesting or a build up to a cool fight it let's you down without fail. The pacing of the story feels off, most likely do to the poor writing and ability to explain anything. The worst part is the main character, sometimes he's strong and fights like a ...
Tsundere Akuyaku Reijou Liselotte to Jikkyou no Endou-kun to Kaisetsu no Kobayashi-san invites viewers into a realm where two parallel dimensions—reality and the world within a visual novel.. . When it comes to the art and animation it falls somewhere between average to decent. While it may not comparable to some high-budget anime productions, it still manages to get the job done effectively. The character designs are appealing, and the fantasy world is filled with vibrant colors and imaginative landscapes. There are moments when the animation quality dips, resulting in less fluid action sequences and occasional stiffness in character movements. But these minor flaws still forgivable ...
Dragon Ball Gt the 3rd db Series that came out some time after dbz. . The first arc is a space jurney to find the dragon balls or rip earth oh and goku is now a child so in order to save the earth child goku, sakura of dragon ball (pan) and trunks (not future trunks) hop into a spaceship and head out on a jurney to find the dragon balls, after that we got 3 other arcs wich as ideas 2 of them could have been great but the execution was terrible.. . The animation is worse than the original series from the 80s and had a way ...
The guys who made this movie combined the best elements of the previous 2. The good part of the first movie was the twist about memories and the good of the second was the focus on a character from the series instead of a filler one. So, expect another theme about the importance of memories and lots of centering on the characters. The second movie was about a tragic event in Hitsugaya’s past, this one is about Rukia’s. And yes, it does feel good as a premise as far as filler missions go. The plot was otherwise simple and predictable as it usually is but ...
Movies deriving from a series are 99% of the time just filler episodes with better animation, more action and a lame story. Did this movie escape this formula and offered something different for a chance? … Hell, no. Be prepared for simply another filler mission, with predictable plot and pseudo-serious matters. Of course, chances are you watch Bleach just for the battles as neither the story nor the characters are deeper than a rain pond; so this will not faze you in the least.. . Animation and sound wise, the movie is very good. It uses cinematics greater than those in the initial episodes (how do I ...
This is the first Bleach movie and I must say it ended up being better than I expected. As far as movies go, you can of course expect far better production values and flashier battles. Yet it has something more than just an excuse for a parade of special attacks. It is by all means nothing more than a filler mission but it had a metaphysical aspect that went beyond the simple plot of “Let’s save Soul Society for the millionth time”.. . First of all, if you haven’t watched any episodes, stay away from the movie. You won’t understand the new twist to the cosmology of ...
Review in english --->. . Warning: It is also worth noting that the original review was in Portuguese, I simply threw the text into google translate and pasted it here, if there are some meaningless things you already know. This review will be done without spoilers and with the intention of giving a small demonstration of how the anime is without telling its events. An important warning, if you are the type of person who doesn't like anime with heavy violence and tragedy then this anime is not recommended for you, the work addresses very serious and heavy themes, and this at a level far above normal ...
Coming from being a massive fan of the touhou games, I was very interested in watching a fanmade anime revolving around the story of the games. I thought that this would be a chance to see each of the characters in action, with the fights being cinematic. Danmaku could be more visually appealing with the new medium. The characters could be more fleshed out than just the in-game dialogue before and after boss fights. However, my main issues with this anime lie in it being fanmade and the liberties they took from the source material.. . To start off, none of the characters act as they do ...
Starts fresh. Falls into already seen narratives.. . The thing I probably loved the most about this show, was how characters were mostly developed through natural dialogue, a very intimate solution, that made me interested in their stories as if they were friends of mine. But then, the annoying cliché flashbacks kick in... and with the intent of getting the characters closer to each other, they, instead, manage to get the viewer far away from any involvement with them.. . That, of course, is just one example. More generally, the show progressively replaces its extravagant, yet original ideas, with dull, unoriginal ones, and flattens its finesses one by one. ...
This follows the formula of the specials from previous Symphogear seasons - short comedic skits featuring the characters from the season.. . The chronology is scattered around the events of AXZ. I watched all these specials after completing AXZ and found it to be a decent cap off to the experience.. . The art syle is unlike the main series, but the Chibi style here could be viewed as suitable given the comedic tone that intended.. . I've found the variety of characters to been a strong point for Symphogear in general and all of the girls from AXZ get some screen time here, so there's likely something for everyone regardless ...
Compare to others (main characters) in many different rom-com shows, this main character is more bad than I thought he was in the start. I don't know how the main story is outside of the adaptation, but in my opinion, the main character in this anime is too stupid, he is easily swayed by pretty girls, although it is understandable. The main character of this anime has many worries and thoughts, but actually his personality makes me quite hate him. But as for the main plot developments, it's actually quite fascinating. Even though I didn't like the main character's way of thinking and acting, I ...
"Inazuma Eleven Go vs. Danball Senki W Movie" offers a decent level of animation quality that aligns with the standard set by the Inazuma Eleven Go series. While not mind-blowing or beautifully crafted, the animation maintains consistency with its predecessors, providing a visually satisfying experience but still lacking of lots powerful turn-table scene to hype like in original series.. . However, when it comes to the story, the movie falls short of expectations. It can be described as weak, failing to engage viewers with its one-dimensional narrative. The characters, particularly those introduced specifically for the movie, lack depth and complexity. Their motivations revolve around a single-minded desire ...
There was so much hype when this anime adaptation of My Dress-Up Darling started airing during its seasonal watch that it became some number one hit in most of the audience's voting polls. And most of you reading this wonder why I rate this with a monotonous rating when I happened to like Shikimori and Couple Cuckoo despite not being an avid fan of romcoms?. . MDUD has a so-so storytelling. Despite of every element happening in this series are positive values to learn from, not to mention admire as your inspiration in fashion design within the healthy side of otaku subculture, I feel it's too clichéd ...
There's something wrong with this season, seriously.. . At first I thought they wanted to start lightly because of the return of the season, but when you watch more you realize that something is missing.. From the very beginning of the anime, the main character has many goals. Whether these goals were absurd or not, they at least created the illusion that you weren't watching something empty. Now they've deleted all of that goals and they give the main character a problem like in some stupid clone ecchi comedy anime and they start using it as a goal. Now tell me, im in chapter 8 and where ...
At first, it's a Harry Potter type of anime then all of a sudden it switches up midway through the show. So I don't know what this show is trying to be. Character-wise, there are only 2-3 good main characters and the others are practically pointless so far into the show. They get their arc/screen time then we see a lot of things happen that ultimately have no purpose in the grand scheme of the story. It makes you wonder, why are there so many main characters when this show only needs 2-3 at most and a couple of important side characters.. . Plot-wise, well. There ...
A charming adaptation full of heart but constricted by the lack of budget and awful character designs.. . Lookism is my favourite manhwa; it works on a very simple premise and takes the reader on a spectacular journey that they wouldn't see coming. Not to mention the writing and character work put into it, which is unlike anything I've ever experienced. The storylines and character development lead to some of the most wholesome and gut-wrenching moments that text on screen could give you. I admire Park Tae-jun for how far he came as an author just writing Lookism, as it went from a simple story to some ...
Would be an easy 9/10 if one of our main characters wasn't an absolute edgelord, who gets the hot other main character crazy about him for no apparent reason. Yume is great as a co-main character along with the other side characters (besides Isana...). Although saying that, they are under utilized. Each has an episode or two to flesh them out which is a great shame, since they make the plot more interesting (again, besides Isana...).. The art style and animation are both fantastic, and the overall theme and plot points are interesting, even with our main character making a chunk of it fall flat.
Just kind of boring and sloppy.. . It actually started out pretty good, a drama about a girl who has been abused her whole life and learns how to feel love again through someone who is supposedly cruel and cold? Interesting for sure, even if cheesy. However pretty soon I started to see some things I can't help but nitpick at.. . Just like any romance story it is very important that both characters interest you in some way, so that you will root for the couple to get together in the end. It does a good job of introducing Miyo to us, but 4 episodes in and we ...
If you love Blue Archive and have finished volume 2 of the main story. This is a fun expansion on that same story with familiar faces. If you have never played Blue Archive before or have not completed the first half of the second volume, I do not recommend this until you have read through it as you will be confused at best and bored or annoyed at worst.. . Story - 5 - The story is nothing particularly special and is of little substance and expands little upon the characters or the setting as a whole. The story is of the quality of most filler ...
Cowboy bebop was somewhat of a good anime during the first couple of episodes but then it gets really sidetracked and the main character does a ton of side quests basically, meaning that the progression seems slow. It is a good unique concept in my opinion, but it never really "engaged" me. I saw myself fading in and out of sleep watching some episodes, and just left it at one point because it was so boring at some times. The characters are also unique though in their own way, I would only recommend this anime to people who have no other shows to watch and ...
An amusing but never quite gutbusting spin on the slice of life genre, Watamote is what you'd get if Dostoevsky's Underground Man was an anime high school girl. Tomokoi's awkward and constantly in her head, having weird fantasies and generally failing any social task. It's a far cry from most slice of life shows about friendship and simple enjoyement of everyday life, and taking a cringe humor to the genre is definitely fresh, but I think my biggest issue with the humor is that her cringe is pretty self contained and only rarely spills out on those around her.. . I think the key to cringe humor ...
I really want to like this. I think the moive is super cute and the story is really great. the problem is the moive makes me want more and not in the good way. If I found out a series was coming out based off this movie I'd be totally excited. the movie feels like it ends in a cliffhanger and cuts you off with no real ending. All of the personality and charm that this movie gave just kind of makes me depressed there's nothing left after watching it. I enjoyed it as I was watching it but I don't know if there's going ...
This anime has stuck with me since it first aired. After watching over 200 others, that says a lot on its own.. If you watch this you'll likely end up questioning yourself, your friends or generally what person you are and how everyone around is or would be.. However, while I recommend watching this, since it's a great watch with surprises, ups and downs and the necessary deep matters/questioning that arises due to the base of it - my main reservation is that it ends on a cliffhanger.. This will likely not get a second season, yet there is a manga that will be finished soon, if ...
Summary: Honestly, I'm dissappointed. If it wasn't connected to One Piece, I'd give it a 7/10 as it was a good Movie in itself. Since it has basically no connections to the main series though, it's nothing but a somewhat long Spin-Off OVA or Filler Episode.. . If you enjoy music stuff in Movies, you may enjoy this one, if not, save yourself the time and skip it - you are not missing out on anything important.. . A few more Details:. As for the content... I guess Animations where solid and enjoyable - Some of the Music was decent too.. Storywise, it didnt add anything that we may need in ...
ו dropped it, but it is not horrible.. . The thing is this: I don't feel like it bring anything exciting to the table. Everthing is solved to easily with OP or some magic solution, I don't really feel any remarkable development in the character... The bad guy at the end was... well, I won't spoil you.. . She's afriad of becming something there's z zero clue she's going to become and everyone around her is puzzled.. . I could continue with it just for the sake of it, but I don't feel like I get any added value, so... that's it,. . And I know what you say "8 is ...
If you treat this a stand alone it’s great, I even like it more then the source material (Cells at work) in terms of storytelling at some point and information given albeit by a narrator for the details. I can see why it ended on a cliffhanger at the end, while it’s definitely a more about you vs your body it just beats the same depressive ideas over and over again (like a heart beat one might say) and at some points it switches gears from serious stressed out moments to realistic interpretations of what the host would go through in a [spoiler redacted] situation ...
As a surfer i was really exicted about this anime. I never expected it to be amazing but this was still pretty disapointing. Overall story made it feel like the MC was a prodigy but then they focused on all the side characters and some of them were interesting but it was less about the actual surfing than I would have liked. The surfing itself looked very average and its pretty noticable that none of the writters have ever acctually surfed before with some of the dialouge.. . Overall Im glad this anime at least exists and was kinda fun at some points but mostly just not ...
As much as I love Megumin, I feel like she was a side character in Konosuba for a reason. We already know she will only use one spell, so she doesn't exactly progress or get better in any way magically once she becomes able to use magic. Maybe if more thought was invested into the plot and writing of this show it would be more enjoyable to watch, but I am much more looking forward to the next season of Konosuba, as opposed to another season of this show. It's not bad, but not particularly good, either. If you really love Megumin or Yunyun, or ...
**Review of Berserk (1997)**. . Recently, I embarked on a viewing journey of the much-acclaimed anime, "Berserk" from 1997. Having watched all 24 episodes, I must confess that I often found myself lost amidst its intricate plotlines and character developments.. . From the outset, "Berserk" promises a rich narrative steeped in medieval themes, intense battles, and dark undertones. The animation style is a throwback to the 90s, offering a gritty yet nostalgic aesthetic that resonates well with the show's atmosphere. The characters, especially the protagonist Guts, are complex, displaying a depth that requires attention and contemplation. However, the myriad of twists and turns, combined with the layered backstory, made ...
Poppin Party, Roselia, Raise A Suilen and all the other bands that have been at the forefront of what made the Bang Dream franchise are all placed on the back burner. While, I can't say that the first season of Bang Dream was great, you saw a real struggle with the initial start of Poppin Party get started, along with the foundation, character development, growth that led into the group finding their success into the second season. You then sprinkle in the introduction into Roselia, Afterglow, Pastel Palettes, Hello Happy World, and Raise A Suilen and you get a sense of care added to ...
I finally got around to trying My Teen Romantic Comedy SNAFU after multiple people recommended it to me. I’m not entirely sure I understand the hype yet, but there are definitely some strong points to be found here.. . Story & Characters: My Teen Romantic Comedy SNAFU starts us out with Hachiman Hikigaya, an apathetic student who never shows his emotions, writes an essay at school that essentially mocks social norms. His teacher gets enraged by this and forces him to join the school’s Service Club, a club that aims to help students reach their goals. When he gets there, he meets Yukino Yukinoshita ...
SSSS.Dynazenon is a slight improvement from SSSS.Gridman, but that's not saying much. Gone is the dramatic antagonist of Gridman, and instead the series revolves around 2 groups, with some overlap between Gauma, and the faction of baddies. It fails to give much back story, and largely the story is rather stupid. This is more of a friendship story line, with very bland characters. All that being said, the animation is better in this series compared to SSSS.Gridman. So, it ends up being barely watchable.. . Animation 8/10. - Simple art most of the way but ramps up with the mecha animation.. Sound 7/10. - ...
Sabikui Bisco was an anime I was invested in since seeing its first trailer, with its unique art style, and what seemed to be a unique story presentation. Unfortunately, this series failed to live up to my expectations. It did present the unique story, interesting characters, and so on, but ended up being a rather odd progression towards its ending, and by the end, I was left sort of disappointed that this unique world and characters was wasted. That being said, I did relatively enjoy it week to week, and apparently it is getting a S2, which I would definitely look out ...
"Fuufu Ijou, Koibito Miman" offers an engaging anime experience, particularly suited for those seeking love triangle dynamics. The show follows a familiar pattern, reminiscent of other anime centered around two female characters vying for the affection of one male character.. . The story revolves around Jirou, who harbors feelings for his childhood friend, Shiori. Students are compelled to cohabit with a partner, simulating a married life under one roof. In an unfortunate twist of fate, Jirou ends up living with Akari, who coincidentally has feelings for Shiori's romantic interest. The central narrative focuses on Jirou and Akari's quest to achieve an A rating, which allows them to ...
Rent a Girlfriend is an enjoyable series, though it's important to note that watching the previous season is essential to fully grasp the story's context.. . The second season primarily centers around the main character, Kazuya, as he gradually works towards realizing his lifelong dream of being in a relationship with Ichinose. It's worth mentioning that, in all honesty, the first season surpasses the second season in terms of quality and engagement.. . One of the standout features of Rent a Girlfriend is its exceptional comedy, particularly when it comes to exploring the intricacies of relationships. It has the ability to make you laugh while delving into the complexities ...
Honestly, I was waiting for something more serious from the title. In terms of the fact that I did not expect to see some kind of fanservice at all, that 10-year-olds would dry up on our gg and try almost to have children from him, however, not only 10-year-olds.. The characters are not of particular interest, except for one. Kagetane Hiruko came to me personally. He is one of those antagonists in the first 3 episodes. His style.. and the tricks are just a bomb😘. The plot is neither good nor bad, it seems like they provided everything they needed: A problem of universal scale, saviors, and ...
I say this as a major Fire Force fan: This will not be everyone's cup of tea. I always tell people you have to get to episode 6 before you can really judge if you're gonna like it or not. It's not that the first few episodes are bad, they're just not very gripping. They're kind of derivative of other anime tropes, but there are interesting concepts. It doesn't really pick up the pace until around episode 4, but even then I would say viewers should get through episode 6 to really see what the show is about, because at that point the story begins ...
This show has MULTIPLE kickass openings and endings, crazy high production values, and enough slice-of-life scenes to flesh out its characters. I don't care too much for the magic system, but the animations and effects do a great job of selling it. Jujutsu Kaisen is a beautiful series with outstanding art direction, which lets it stand heads and shoulders above the competition visually.. . However, I have trouble taking the main story seriously. It has inconsistent stakes, unbelievably convenient writing, and awkward, start-and-stop pacing. The scattered conflicts feel unsatisfying to follow and silly to the point of breaking my suspension of disbelief. I think I might just ...
Mob Psycho Mini is the typical chibi short series that many anime get mainly as blue-ray DVD specials. It consists of six episodes going on average from four minutes to eight minutes per episode. This short series made a nice and original touch of having pixel art instead of the standard chibi format but the fact that the episodes only play in about 40% of the screen instead of using the full screen is really annoying and distracting in my opinion which obviously detracts from the overall enjoyment of the series.. . Art: As I already ranted about in the intro thy had a poor usage of ...
“Dead Mount Death Play” is what happens when You homebrew your own D&D setting… “with black jack and hookers''. If You get that reference we can be friends.. . A powerful necromancer called the “Corpse God”, who transcended his humanity is defeated in combat. Before his demise he casts a spell that allows him to reincarnate to have a peaceful life. Well… didn’t work exactly as planned. He got thrusted into the freshly dead body of a 16 year old boy in today's japan. Thanks to a series of not so fortunate events he gets entangled with people from the underground. Despite being in a different ...
Coming from someone who hasn't read the light novels, I found this movie disappointing. The animation, the soundtrack, the fight scenes, those were all great, in my opinion. But they just can't make up for a boring story. Don't get me wrong; the first movie had a simple plot too, but there were still stakes and conflict between the main characters. This movie has girls fighting in their swimsuits. It plays it very safe; we only hear that the stakes are high but we don't actually feel it. Since we had evil monsters in the first movie, it's only natural that we would have an ...
English.. Look, I will start with the bad to be able to move on to the good of this series, the bad is more than logical and it is the sexualization of the girl who is a bone princess Elizabeth, I will always feel uncomfortable in the question of how they treat them (touching her breasts and the girl's butt), some will find it funny but it just makes me uncomfortable. Second point is that some characters fall in love with some girls that look like a girl. Look at this. I'm sure that in Japanese culture it's not that rare, but for me it makes ...
The story was unique this time. It was quite unpredictable for the last 3 episodes which was enjoyable. Art style was impressive as well which fits the story. But the characters were not well-rounded. They were unusually bad this time. Character development is awful. It is very artificial which some may find touching but character development was sky rocketing likef Akane Tsunemori of psycho pass which is not awful. Still the last three episodes were good. All of them. If you have experience of watching good character development then you might not like it. If not then it will be enjoyable. Btw I like the ...
It looks like a trailer for a series or something.. . I generally like Gensho Yasuda's animation, and there isn't much that I can critisize about that.. . What I didn't care for was the story. I didn't really understand what was going on. It seems to have a relatively generic story about some dude who gets isekai'd and saves some girls, but otherwise there doesn't seem to be anything to write home about.. . The music had a futuristic feel, but that's all I can say.. . Unless you're already a fan of Gensho's animation, Idk if I'd recommend this to you. It's just a trailer, basically.
Honestly? If I were allowed to frank with this anime, it has a lot of common tropes and stuff that is going on within these anime. I know, I know, it was influenced with so many stuff from the past that we all have experienced for, making some important scene in this show is less interesting and impactful. The only thing that stoods out within this show is that the fact that the heroine was weird enough to enters a man house, which is usually ends up in some complicated and mixed relationship, but im going to let this through. I didn’t say it was ...
I would say, at the very least, they appear to be cooking something with the type of relationships inserted in the anime and the exploration of said relationship that happened but in the end, what were they even trying to convey in this anime? The central message or intent of the anime remains elusive. They threw out an array of diverse characters and it seems like there are attempts to impart a lesson but somehow, I struggled and failed to discern the actual message that they aimed to convey. I could be the only blind person here but it's evident that the narrative within the ...
I'm on the last couple of episodes, and this show is about as mediocre as I was expecting going in. My expectations were on the floor, and it managed to meet that much at the very least. (It's my automatic reposnce to knowing A-1 Pictures was the studio behind it.). . I have played the games. Which means I noticed where they changed the events. Some changes were really annyoing (the removal of big character building moments/heartfelt scenes). But I do love what they did for Big Top Turnabout and it's actually one of the better sets of episodes in my opinion. (Which I am really greatful ...
-Katanagatari: my feelings on the first three episodes of the show. This isn´t a "review", it´s just a presentation of my issues with the show up until the third episode. I consider "reviews" to be only fair if you have watched the anime until the end, so I wouldn´t consider this a "review".-. . . I love Bakemonogatari with all my heart. so I thought that Katanagatari was going to be an excellent experience, but I ended up dreading having to watch another episode.. . The dialogue is incredibly well written, the main duo is interesting and has a pretty funny dynamic, the backgrounds look great and the character ...
Like I imagine a lot of these lower budget independent projects turn out, I think this would have been better pitched as a proof of concept than it is as a more complete work. As a proof of concept, there'd be a huge amount that should convince someone to put some more budget into it. There are definitely some strong concepts in there, a pair of protagonists I'd like to learn more about, strong vocal performances (always easier to make the standout with a lower-budget piece), and a really, really nice hero mecha design.. . Unfortunately, it suffers from its budget and runtime. It crams a ...
English.. This series has a very, very beautiful animation and the story is not far behind, the plot is simple, what would happen if you were a prisoner sentenced to death and in order not to die (forgive you) you must get the fruit of the inmortality. It sounds interesting and it is interesting how they present it, not only do they not take the typical path in these series, they also give us plot twists that although some are evident because they were in plain sight but the viewer had not analyzed it, they continue to impact in the same way, all the characters they ...
Jujutsu Kaisen 0 is a very average movie with good production. I have seen it twice, and the second time I felt the same as the first time. This movie is half baked, which is really unfortunate, since I enjoyed S1 of Jujutsu Kaisen and was expecting the same feeling from this. The problem is, this is just a tragic childhood love story, with no real application given to the rest of the Jujutsu Kaisen world. A new character is introduced, and we are given some back story, but how does he fit in the Jujutsu Kaisen story? Why is ...
Bastard!! may not be a big success story in the anime medium, but what it does do, it does well. For those expecting the old school style of anime, this is what you'll get. It's not a masterpiece, it's not even that good to be honest, but the aspects it needed to hit, it did. Animation is great, sound quality is great, it has great fights, it has lewd fanservice, and this is all I was expecting. If you go into this knowing, it's a trashy old school anime homage, then I think this can be enjoyable for some, whilst others, ...
English.. At first you expect a series of the lot but the episodes go by and try to be different although this does not achieve it so much for the simple reason that it has many clichés of reincarnation series, they want to turn it around as they present it, because the reincarnated He is a person with great ability and not just anyone, it is interesting how the episodes go by since I really liked the plot, it is one of those simple series in its realization but with interesting concepts (not impressive or innovative, just interesting), come on seeing how the reincarnated was not ...
I don't think I've been more let down by an anime. Watched it after glowing reviews on reddit and a high MAL score, so I expected good things. However, the story just falls flat, and none of the characters are interesting enough to make up for it. The show is just made up entirely of crude, lewd jokes and overused tropes - jiggly boobs, panty stealing, sexual harassment etc. I guess that's my punishment for taking recommendations of reddit - should've known they're all just horny teenage boys.. . The MC is just the most unlikeable person - selfish, annoying, money-driven, horny. Megumin and Aqua are annoying ...
This one's a bit of a headscratcher. I was discussing the anti-popularity of the series with my girlfriend and we couldn't come up with a solid reason why 'Rent-a-Girlfriend' gets SO MUCH flak.. . Don't get me wrong - it's a flawed and rather generic series. The characters are meh, the visuals are great, and the premise is just alright with its edginess. 'Rent-a-Girlfriend' can be summarized as a gorgeously animated rom-com with a shitload of clichés, chronically dumb characters, and rather cheap drama.. . That applies to so many other series, though. And by some law of contradictions, it's exactly these hilariously bad aspects that make the series ...
Baki has always been a bit of a mixed bag for me. I think it peaked in terms of interesting dynamics and having multiple incredible fights back during the Great Raitai Tournament Saga two seasons ago, and even then, this is mostly just a fight fest. Absurd body proportions, detail on crazy move sets, and any excuse to fight are the name of the game, and I honestly don’t think this series even does that best (I prefer the Kengan series).. . From here on, I'll break this review into two halves, one coming from the first half of the season and the other coming from the ...
Here I thought this was something new, I was having fun in the rest of the episodes until they introduce or rather forced the romance part, I didn't like it also not to mention that the MC is a simp. I give credits to them though, night time focus or night time centric is quite new in the anime, I was craving for that for ages, they did quite good for awhile there, the comedy part, the random stuff they do, that's what I like, I would rather continue it like that or create a new entire anime, a slice of life anime focusing on ...
i feel like this show is the epitome of wasted potential, on one hand it's world building is incredible, on another it's never fully fleshed out. on one hand the progression between the heroine and the main character is incredibly natural (albeit seemed forced as ctholly's love for him seemed spontaneous) but never fleshed out due to the show juggling between the world building and relationship. however putting the contradicting story telling aside the show is quite enjoyable, it's akin to a slice of life with REALLY great soundtrack, but i just can't get the feeling that this show could have been something so great ...
It's a simple anime, perfect for watching without commitment.. . I started watching Stray Dogs at the beginning of August... and only finished it at the end of the month. Sometimes it can be uninteresting. It's not a boring anime, but the story doesn't hook you enough to watch the next episode.. . The main characters in this anime are charismatic and funny, with the main character (Atsushi Nakajima) being a good protagonist, but one who doesn't stray from the generic. The antagonists, however, are silly and fail to convey any sense of power. Of course, this is due to the mixture of comic and dark, which I find ...
Story:. The story is one of the more disturbing things I've ever seen. It is pretty unique and interesting, it's the reason I wanted to watch this over other hentai. I think the story had a lot of potential, but they could have made so much more with it.. . Art:. The art was decent. There's a lot of better looking hentai out there nowadays, but this still looks fine. It's creepy when it wants to be, and no animation seems to drag on for too long (in some older hentai they would keep animations looping for a while to fill time to stay within their budget). There are ...
Notice: This review covers all three installments of the franchise. No reason to make different reviews about the same thing.. . In a nutshell: A distillation of every bad or semi-competent Hollywood action flick cranked up to eleven, interspersed with some light philosophy, homage to other media (war films, Yakuza films) and some mature subjects like terrorism and child abuse. It got a cast like a Tarantino film, actually strong and competent female characters who don’t break down and need the male shoulder to cry on, and its tone and content is both over-the-top hilarious and at the same time features moments more mature than ten dozen ...
Title: Noblesse: The Awakening of the Noble Protector. . Introduction:. From the icy realms of HowlStrom, I, Kiba Snowpaw, have ventured into the world of anime, seeking tales that resonate with the heart and soul. "Noblesse," an anime that premiered in 2020, caught my attention with its intriguing premise and promise of action-packed sequences. As an alpha wolf with a penchant for drama and action, I was eager to dive into this story and share my thoughts with my pack.. . Basic Plot Summary:. Raizel, a pure-blooded Noble, awakens from an 820-year-long slumber. With the title of Noblesse, he is the protector of all Nobles. As he navigates the human world, ...
English.. At first you will think that it is a harem series like others in this great market that is anime and you will be correct, look at this series it is not the great innovation in the romance market in anime but it does try to do more than the common series , it has mistakes that other series make, showing us love between the protagonist and the girls that happened for no apparent reason but it can be forgiven for the background that is given to these, the protagonists are not just one more person than they know the protagonist can fall in love, ...
Only available in Japan on online rental services, or on DVD with the three other movies (that is how I watched it), but now subbed in English, so the barrier to entry is stilll a little high for what it is. It was released 9 years after the anime version stopped airing, which is why they spend almost 5 minutes of the short 15-minute runtime introducing the characters.. . I don't really like the more absurdist humour [which was probably more relevant in 2019] compared to the rest of the series. At least two of the stories are adaptations from the anime/blog, but with slightly different ...
I have strong and weak feelings about One Piece, the beloved anime that has won the hearts of millions. It's a cherished classic that has given people endless hours of entertainment, but it also has certain drawbacks. Let's evaluate this based on the following:. . Pacing - 5/10. Pacing in One Piece is a hotly debated subject. While some storylines have a perfect combination of action, character growth, and plot development, others can seem excruciatingly slow. Particularly in anime, there is a notable quantity of filler material and protracted combat, which can be annoying for viewers who want to see the plot advance.. . Animation - 7.5/10. Over the years, ...
As a reference, I have played the original two games in this Series.. . In this show it goes over a period in the game's story that has mostly just been mentioned with little visuals showing the players what truly happened other then Characters talking about events that were shown in the show. Personally I did enjoy the show but I can see people being lost in regard to if you have never played the games before. This is more meant for if you are playing through the games since this happens right between Cold Steel 2 and 3 in regard to timeline. If you have ...
English.. I expected a lot from this series and it did not meet my expectations, that is, what is related to video games, in addition to being fun, is very realistic and I think the best of the series.. The series is typical in the sense that if you have seen a romance series you will see all the elements of these here, it could be said that it is simple, the story tells us the typical story of coincidences of 2 people who become a couple, for me I did not love it this, I will not understand why a woman falls in love with a ...
Ah finally, after several decades we have the kind of a show that doesn't reveals some kind of kink fetishes and weird harems in order to win some kind "love is war" trope. Which is why i honestly enjoyed every bit of this show, the only thing i can't recommend this to everyone is the kind of progression romance anime tropes that we all had seen before. In these 12 episodes of Boku no Kokoro Yabai Yatsu is another kind of show that revolves around a boy named Ichikawa Kyoutaro. A young boy that is is "broken" on his mind. What all his thinking is ...
The lead writer for Digimon Tamers is Chiaki Konaka (most famous for Serial Experiments Lain). So if you're both a fan of his works and a fan of Digimon, this season will be a real treat for you. If not, then it might not exactly be your cup of tea.... . As you can probably tell, i'm part of the latter group. I'll devide my qualms about the series in 2 major parts. . 1) The story. Pace is pretty slow, a lot of times things feel disconected, and it feels like it's trying too hard to be dark. . ...
Like many others I picked up this series due to the high score and many good reviews. I generally like fantasy isekai so it was going to make it on my list eventually, but the good reviews pushed it up the "watch asap" list. I don't usually write reviews for things I watch, anime or otherwise, so excuse the lack of structure. However, I just felt the need to express my opinion for this one because I have some pretty strong mixed feelings about it after watching all 3 seasons. This series can be summed up as having an interesting premise, a good story but ...
if you can look past the mc being the worst most unlikable mc in the history of anime(makes Boruto look like Guts) then its a decent anime. all the supporting/side characters are leagues better than the mc and carry the show from the very beginning. Now with season 2 they are focusing even more on the mc and the poor attempts to make you feel bad for this vile human trash just makes the watching experience tedious and sometimes unbearable. I'm keeping my hopes up since friends that have read the manga say it gets way better but as it seems so far in the ...
Female Kirito is the best Kirito = Phantom Bullet Arc is the best.. . Okay, I'll get serious now. Sword Art Online II, an anime that I would not have expected to find when I was getting into Sailor Moon during Summer 2014 since the former aired on the same day of the week as the latter's remake. Since I didn't think the first season was bad, I decided to give this one a go. This one... is also getting the Mixed Feelings treatment due to what I consider to be a near fatal mistake this season made after the halfway point. Like I did for Season ...
Souya Monogatari is anime made by Ashi productions and Toei animation. It follows the journey of the Souya boat as it travels through Japans first expedition to Antarctica. Most of the character interaction may be fictional but overall follows the story of the characters aboard the ship. It's is kinda of like the anime A Place Farther Than The Universe but with no moe elements.. . The character design is pretty standard for the time and over all looks pretty basic. There is quite a few animation errors but overall they don't hinder the animes story. The water and ships do look quite good though.. . The OP ...
Solid show with good voice work and animation but lacks a strong plot line or characters. Watch this one if you just want something chill and silly to wind down with. 6.5/10.. . Story: 6/10. The story of Mashle is extremely generic. There's nothing wrong with it but there's also nothing particularly stand out about it. It exists to serve the comedy and that's fine. To summarize: In a world where everyone is born with magic, the main character, Mash, has none. Instead, Mash is extremely, extremely strong. In order to live a happy life with his adoptive father/grandfather, Mash enrolls into a magic school where he must ...
Just an average movie for me. I don't know how it sits at the top as a standalone movie on the list. Let me explain. First thing is; I am not saying the movie is bad. It is a complete pack of a movie. All emotions are there and it is a fun watch But let me say this, If you made the character Nishimiya not deaf and made some slight changes, the movie would feel the same.The movie try to do many things hiding behind the deaf character persona. But it doesn't deliver anything useful to the movie. Rather the point of ...
I will keep it short. This anime test you peacence its so slow that you will start getting irritated. Its story is also same in most of the arcs. And when it comes to luffy he is irritating and as for side characters you will find girl with same setup and personality in every arc. Its just getting milked. And guys the power scaling this world suck you will see a character doing incredible thing and flexing (that is cring most the times) but for stretching the story the first villain beats the hero then hero gets up and wins.bro the fights are so stretched ...
Even though this review is written weirdly my opinion is still clear in this one.. . ALSO MINOR SPOILERS I THINK.. . Mothers, they can be f*** if they are not your mother at least that is what I am learning from this anime. Because for the simple reason that the main character (I forgot his name) is disgusted by the naked looks of his mother. He doesn’t want to see her naked and I understand that feeling. Now there are messages in this anime that are really sweet but there are a lot but I mean a h*ly to god lot of ecchi moments so to speak. This ...
Wow, it's been a long time since I've written an anime review. It's not common for me, because I generally don't really have much to say. This one is so, so sad, though. Normally, the more you enjoy a franchise, the more you enjoy the spin-offs, even if they are sub-par. I think this is a special case, though. I'll keep this short. This is an extremely boring anime; which is an insane thing to say about Konosuba. What I expect from this series is fast-pace high-energy over-the-top meta humor and voice acting. Konosuba races through the plot and presents us with lovably flawed characters ...
Liar liar good anime with a bad beginning. . (I believe the bad reviews on this anime is because of its shitty beginning and they gave up watching it when it gets good). . This anime’s first episodes are not good. In the beginning everything the cheating system sucks and the story overall is not to entertaining with generic troupe characters. But I find when it reaches ep 7+ it gets really good. After ep 7 i find that it would start getting really interesting and become a much better anime with its games become far more interesting, how it explains things increases and makes sense, characters become ...
ok so first of all its not for those who like a straightforward plot that goes straight af (like me lol). lol anyways coming back to it ..at first, story was clear and stuff and felt like ur average world changing anime. but as it goes later u realize things getting more complicated and that the hate for the mc and his kind you dont get much about at first is elaborated further in later part. tbh its a good anime that takes the word changing thing on a realistic path and that its really difficult for one dude to do it with literally his ...
I only watched both seasons of the anime so I am not aware of the plot in the manga, but Season 2 feels significantly different from Season 1.. . In Season 1, the three main protagonists drafted a plan to help most of the children escaped from the farm, and executed it successfully with their intelligence. I really enjoyed how they fight against all odds with their intelligence to accomplish their goal.. . In Season 2, there are no longer smart plans or strategies, it just happened that every single pieces of the puzzle just magically fall in the correct location for anything to work. The motivation for some ...
Dropped it early on. It starts really great but then walks into realms of disbelief after couple of episodes. We are suppose to accept the fact someone will just pretend yesterday's abuse didn't happen and get ready for the next one. Then whole show turned into catch 22, where main characters try to outsmart yakuza. This is the place I lost interest.. . Art is actually great and story is not half-bad either. It's just that at some point everyone starts acting irrationally and story simply requires you to step up your suspension of disbelief for just another notch. Episode three gave me the same feeling like ...
While the season isn't over, I've seen enough to give a decently reflective review.. . The anime starts strong, with the protagonist chasing his main love interest. After realising how much trouble he gives her. he then learns to take a step back. This allow her breathing room to make new friends, but both of them are still unsatisfied as she's still not aware of her feelings towards our protagonist, and he doesn't allow himself to pursue anything with her.. . The season starts to go off into mediocrity after this, with each episode or so introducing a new female character for the main character to befriend and tease ...
It's good, but it's too slow. The lovers are treated like best friends, even though one of them is already engaged. 💀. . Initially, I thought it looked so much like my dear brother. During the first episode, I became confused because it seemed like I had already seen it before. It's almost identical. Hopefully, the rest of the story will develop differently.. . The characters are quite basic. I mean, there's the sweet girl, the cold one, the tomboy – and that's it.. . I'm looking forward to the next season to see what more can happen, but I'm only watching because it's a classic in sapphic anime.
This was really cool. Getting to see Eris in a different light was great, and it really added to her development. The animation in this was stunning, with incredibly animated fight scenes. This also didn't go near any of the weird pervy stuff that's littered throughout the show. I didn't care for the story itself, but it may come in later on in the show. The new characters introduced were pretty cliché, but they do seem to serve their purpose in the story. Over-all was well worth watching, however would seem pointless of you weren't watching the main series. If you have an interest ...
I haven't thought much about this anime much in the few years since I've seen it, but Sae is forever burned into my memory as the embodiment of narcissism and nazar. She is a full-on hater. Sometimes when I wonder if I have trust issues, I think of Sae. Momo had active ops praying for her downfall. Her naivete toward Sae's true nature led to recurring pain. This show helps me feel at peace with losing "friends" who are jealous of your success, imitate you, pretend to care so much about you, all while seeking to crush you. If this review seems overdramatic, that's because ...
I watched the second season even though I wasn't the biggest fan of the first. And I gotta say....this was incredibly mid. BUT...the Sumi episodes were incredibly cute. Although Ruka was putting in some effort this season, I wish she would have put in more effort--especially the kind of effort that Sumi went for in the second to last episode. I also wish Mami were causing more drama or something...even when Mami does something...it doesn't really feel like she's doing anything. And we all know how everyone feels about the Chizuru thing, so...it is what it is. I gave it a 5/10 because of Sumi ...
It has been long enough since I made a little review on Spy x Family Part 1, so now I feel like doing the same thing with part 2! Yeee I'm like... a full year late but there's a reason for this: my interest for SXF has kinda died out. Not fully died out so to say, but part 2 came around a time when more interesting shows started to pop out (*cough* *cough* Bocchi *cough* Mob Psycho *cough* *cough* Bleach *cough*) and the general hype for the series wasn't all that present anymore. Obviously tho I didn't feel like dropping it as I stated ...
GT is not exactly impressive... but also not the absolute worst anime to ever exist, which is probably what you heard about it if you were a Dragon Ball fan in the early 2000s. It's been a goal of mine for a while to finally go back and watch it all the way through as an adult, form as unbiased an opinion of it as possible.. . Long story short, GT was a tale with a lot of good ideas but poor execution.. . The universe has an established afterlife where people retain their memories, consciousness, and the ability to continue to grow stronger. So the idea ...
(This review mentions the game and manga, and to clarify the game did come out before the anime and the manga started before the anime was released as well.). . Satsuriku No Tenshi, aka Angels of Death was a decent anime but both the game and manga were definitely better. You could tell that with both the game and manga that care, time, effort, and passion were put into it but I feel like the anime lost the uniqueness that the other two adaptations of the story had. Besides giving the series the basic anime style we are used to usually despite the game and even the ...
this was probaly the most disapointed ive ever been at an anime ever in my life, not because it was the most atrocious but because i had high expectations. the synopsis sounds perfect on paper, lab experimentation and gruesome revenge and escape and all. the atmosphere has a haunting eerie quality to it too so i rlly wanted to love it. and i did love parts. but there was lots of stuff that i just didnt like where it went, such as. . 1. the addition of the male lead living with his cousin whos in love with him was totally unnecessary. like it brought ...
this wouldve been one of the best of all time if they didnt go off the rails in the latter half. . it was SUPPOSED to just be a cute exciting mecha romance between a shitty pilot and the infamous pilot girl whos miles better than him but then it just goes all over the place the plot shits itself out and then eats itself again and turns itself inside out until its completely malformed from what it was originally supposed to be. . it doesnt devalue my enjoyment of the first and middle half, that part was genuinely well written and enjoyable. the art was really ...
Lower your expectations. Much like Jojo and One Piece, this has been blown way out of proportion by the fanbase. While fine, this show is not what it is hyped up to be.. . . . Characters: 7/10 good. I was hesitant to put it at 8, but they are not very good so I couldn't bring myself to do it. For the most part, the characters are not Manichaean, which is a very good thing. Unfortunately, their psyches - while explored and explained to an extent - leave to be desired. Their motives - when they are even given in the first place - are quite basic, sometimes ...
I do not usually leave reviews, but I noticed nobody has reviewed this anime after watching all of it. So I would share my thoughts.. . Maicching Machiko-sensei is a pretty good episodic anime which offers an interesting insight into cultural trends of the early 80s in Japan. Such as the downfall of model making, puppet shows and small businesses coupled with the rise of arcades, takenoko dancers and rock music.. . Each episode is pretty much standalone, however there is good continuity between episodes with characters making reference to previous events. The show often follows one of three general ideas. A talented person becomes unavailable to ...
This franchise used to have between eleven and twenty six episodes at some point but the previous entry had five and this one has four, is it running out of content or what? Oh well, at least this means that I can finish them faster, and for an IP that I’m enjoying less and less each season, that’s a good thing.. . Visually, it’s surprisingly a step back from the previous series, because the artwork is not as polished at points, and due to the use of some very clear places as backgrounds and very bright special effects, sometimes things seem unfinished or lacking lining or ...
English.. The second part of the season begins with a new member of the family called Bond, a very peculiar dog like our protagonist Anya and who gives a new dynamic to our also peculiar family, not only does it have the same quality as the previous part of the season it also gives us new stories and new plots for our members of this family, it gives us the continuation of what this family is with new details in their lives and new goals to overcome, if you liked the first part of the season it will also fascinate you In a way, it gives ...
Not gonna lie, I was fairly disappointed throughout the entire show. I basically only came for the only song in the anime, and the alpaca dance. Everything else was pretty avg. The story follows an opp who quite literally can't see straight, and is working as a taxi driver for the public. The entire meaning of evil was perceived only around this character. The other characters seemed fairly flat, and some of their places in the story could have been removed and still wouldn't make a difference. Even though there are some unique characters, they usually are fairly stereotypical which the main character doesn't help ...
its not the best its not the worst, i love hentai and ecchi but holy when you put ecchi in your content atleast play into it, the pantie shots and boobas felt so useless TwT there was no payoff besides "hehe panties" it wasnt for laughs cared for the fact that it has half naked women, it made the ecchi not that fun to watch which is saying somthing for a person like me who loves ecchi. it was tasteless. besides that its .... idea is cool but the exaction is wasnt the best idk ...
It's fine as it is right now. I wouldn't call it awesome or good for that matter. Entertainment is there, animation is there, story is everywhere.. . Speaking of story, it started somewhere and very competently at that, then it wondered off into Sherlock Holmes territory in which sins are not easily forgiven by me who is a massive fan of original works. They are doing this weird super-natural spin on Sherlock Holmes world for no apparent reason if you ask me. It's not offensive but not obvious why either. They have mish-mashed characters from different eras and are using super-natural beings as explanation. To be honest ...
In 2006 a short series called (Ayakashi: Japanese Classic Horror) aired with only 11 episodes and consisted of three stories. The first two were classic Japanese plays by notable authors, The last story however was an original tale about a mysterious medicine seller that goes around exorcising mononoke / evil spirits.. . The writers of the show must have been proud of their creation because a year later we got Mononoke. A spin off staring that same medicine seller and with the same art style.. . While the show itself is fine the SUPER busy art style, combined with the aggressively bright colors and the jump-cut style of animation... ...
The three-act structure: Am I joke to you?. . It was a fun, stress-free ride. Excellent art and animation, as usual with Ufotable, the action is also on top, so relaxing while watching is the most it.. . But there are several problems. Due to the fact that the film is absolutely not self-sufficient and there are almost no global events, if you skip it and go straight to the second season, then you will literally lose nothing. Because at the beginning of the second season, they quickly explain all the main events.. . But I would rather recommend than not, mostly just because of the animation, ...
The first season of link click has a certain type of charm. Its overarching conflict was that two guys with an extraordinarily capable power are helpless witnesses to tragedies they cannot intervene by principle. It weaves around the localized instances of quiet, normal life that feels all too real and depressing. That makes for a lot of emotionally impactful scenes that occur because a dilemma is present.. That charm has eroded in its sequel. By all means, it is well-written and logically sound continuation of the first season with great characters and suspense, but I can't help but feel that it misses the mark in regards ...
The most fundamental problem with Lupin III movies is that they almost never seem to be able to justify their runtime. Lupin III was written for television, and so—as exceptions to the short and sweet episodic formula of the series—these films always end up needing to pad out the runtime with tiresome and predictable twists and turns. Yes it’s nice to see Masaaki Osumi’s return to the series in his only Lupin feature film, and yes his direction is just as sharp as it was in Part I, but the only directors who have truly been able to make Lupin neatly fit in film format ...
While it is a modestly entertaining fantasy flick, the amount of potential wasted in Ninokuni is frankly painful. And no, I’m not talking about the games—I’m only vaguely aware of their existence. There’s a particular sequence in the first half that wonderfully emulates that Ghibli-esque magic I’ve been craving for years; the film’s got that familiar art style, marvellous Hisaishi score, and engaging fantasy premise—all that’s left is for the writers to, well… write? Virtually everything is insanely rushed, to the point that I might assume that this is a recap movie for a long-running series. The story is rapidly pushed forwards by lousy exposition ...
The first thing to say about this season is that it’s best not to watch it unless one is at their 100% ‘cause I was kind of sleepy when I watched it and boy was it tough.. . In terms of visuals and sound I didn’t find much differences from the previous season so I don’t bother much with it. The opening has Kanbaru and some other girl acting as friends even when they are enemies, though there’s a part where the vocals change completely and it is nice. The ending has a very creepy and completely different art style so it was cool to watch ...
Azur Lane: Queen's Orders is a fun spin-off of the principal story: Azur Lane, an anime based on a video game with the same name.. . Even though I am not a game player, I enjoyed the main Azur Lane anime, and I think it has a lot of potential for its great characters and intriguing story.. . Azur Lane: Queen's Orders is a pair of OVAS that fans of Azur Lane (like me) will enjoy. It is fun, and it is full of beautiful characters. I especially like the second OVA due to its massive reference to diversity and different cultures.. . But at the same time, the downside of ...
The legendary Resident Evil franchise has been expanded for Hollywood movies, lackluster live action series and even manga. While most of these adaptations haven´t been well received by fans of the video game saga, the Japanese CGI movies are considered to be the best adaptation of the tone of the game. As a longtime fan of the series, Death Island seemed like a dream crossover, and while the fanservice is plenty, the movie is very flawed.. . Death Island is definitely a movie tailor made for RE fans, beginning with flashbacks to the Raccoon City incident while discreetly introducing new characters for the plot of this movie. ...
I read the description for Mashle, and it looked like it took One Punch Man and threw him into a situation where he has to compete against Mob Psychos in a Harry Potter like world. Usually, I hate these isekai-esque plots where there is some unique overpowered character, because it just turns into some one-trick pony show that gets old quickly until they eventually resort to some generic shonen or harem anime. Though, the plot seemed intriguing enough to have some flexibility and interesting battles. Now that I watched it, I am very mixed. To put it simply, it felt like the show didn’t know ...
First, if you're watching Demon Slayers solely for the amazingly animated fights then you'll likely not be as disappointed as I've been. Ufotable have made a great work on that aspect as usual. However, if you are a bit more critical on the narrative side of the story as a whole then I'm gonna say there is a lot of weak points there.. . The first problem is that the swordsmith village is clearly less exciting and interesting than the district pleasure was the previous season.. . Now about the story progression, I felt like we did not advance that much and some characters are still imperfectly develloped like ...
No spoilers apart from some names if that matters.. . The first episode broke me. I spilled all my tears into my sweater and had to wring it out. Then another cute lil arc with a March - had to switch my tear-filled sweater again. Then this season just seems to tank like crazy to me. I'm sure some people enjoyed it but I was absolutely bored with Gugu and I can't remember the name of the chick in the island arc. So much typical anime-stuff happening in those. I was genuinely disappointed because of how good the first couple of episodes were.... I guess I'd recommend ...
MoB was an anime I've always wanted to watch since my childhood, but never had the opportunity to do so. Frankly, the taste of this anime might have been a bit sweeter with nostalgia, but not by much.. . STORY: 4/10. This anime suffers from Loveless syndrome in that it has a few deep plot points of note but spectacularly manages to complete--and barely even scratch--none of them. For the first six or so episodes, the anime paces its introduction of its characters at a consistent rate, where even if the plot is inundated with historical references, you can still keep up with it. At this ...
The pacing of the first episode was awful, probably the worst pacing I've ever seen.. While the visuals of the 3D animation were great, the whole show just feels like a 3D animation tech demo instead of an actual anime.. I don't know why people love this so much, I found this to be the worst watching experience I've had in YEARS.. . This is the Sharknado of anime.. Why do I say it's the Sharknado of anime? Well, Sharknado was bad because of its horrible 3D animation, but the 3D environments of this anime (not animation) are actually quite well-made. Despite this, it is INCREDIBLY out of place, and ...
Disclaimer: Don't let other people's reviews ruin your enjoyment of the show. If you LOVE BSD like a lot of people do then you should love it. This review is just an opinion of someone who likes to write to practice communicating their thoughts. Enjoy what you enjoy don't let other people bring you down :). . When I think of Bungo Stray Dogs I think of the sunk costs fallacy. Every few seasons I see a new season of Bungo Stray Dogs coming out and decide to rewatch it thinking "If it keeps getting renewed I must just be missing something" ...
This anime movie is an unknown Netflix movie and it's normal that it's not well known because when you look at other anime movies, you feel the fluidity, but when it comes to the movie called Ame wo Tsugeru Hyouryuu Danchi, we encounter an extremely boring movie, but I must say that sometimes it is also beautiful. The reason for this in general, I will explain in the review immediately.. . The story of the movie is generally interesting and I can say that it handles it well. Whether it is the character development of the children and with a good duration, of course it can be ...
The first thing to mention about this season is the naming of it, which is the same as its source material but it’s actually the fourth in the anime. I will include Nekomonogatari: Kuro as part of it as it’s clearly part of it even if was released separately.. . The second thing to mention about this season is how the plot structure is a rehash of Bakemonogatari, as it also consists of five arcs, and all of them are based around the same girls from that season.. . Visually, Nekomonogatari: Kuro is a step back from Nisemonogatari for some reason, despite coming out later and being far ...
Heavy on drama, trauma and blood comes off as a "Game of Thrones" style show. The action is there but drama and trauma is the main focus. The show reminded me of attack on titan but without the fantasy/scifi themes. The historical fiction certainly slides to the mythical level and less realistic. If you are in for Drama, Trauma, blood and a historical fiction setting this so may be for you. For me I enjoy more comedy, and lighter tone.. . Vinland Saga is a Japanese historical fiction manga series written and illustrated by Makoto Yukimura. It was adapted into an anime television ...
While there are some good things here: The characters well rounded particularly Yoko and Dark Schneider. Yoko has her moments where she has to be a tough fierce leader and her moments of soft vulnerability. And DS has a soft loving side underneath his cocky exterior. The characters are diverse in representation and design; Arshes & Gara having darker skin and hair and using fashion styles and fighting styles unique from the other characters. I truly believe they react to situations in a realistic way given the setting and world building. But I shouldn't have to sing the praises of characters, setting and world building ...
Generos: Anal - Harem - Tetonas. . Historia: 2/10 tecnicamente no hay es solo un vato que lo contratan de tutor en una mansion y se termina dando a la jefa, la hija y una maid (Le pongo 2 porque al final hay un plot twist bien raro). . Animacion 10/10 lo unico salvable del anime, me atreveria a decir que es uno de los mejores hentai en este aspecto.. . Waifus 10/10 todas son hermosas, eso si son todas iguales solo les cambia la cara y el pelo. . P.D. Si eres sensible no lo veas ya que tiene bastantes cosas que te podrian hacer vomitar.. . Valoracion final 7.6/10
Quick Review:. . Story: 5. Sound: 7.5. Art: 6.5. Characters: 4. Enjoyment: 5. Annoyance: 9. Overall: 4. . ...
English.. I find it somewhat impressive that a series can tell us a horror story in just 4 minutes per chapter, the duration of the season is not more than an hour long but it is still quite entertaining as such, of course being a series anthology there will be better episodes than others but I liked most of them, they were quite acceptable since their short duration limits them from showing much on the screen, in truth this although simple were quite good episodes showing us a terror which impacts you or leaves you thinking It is not the best anthological horror series you will ...
Every once in a while, two different teams, with different ideas and sometimes even at a different point in time, create two very similar pieces of media. Whenever that happens, most reviews start with a sentence acknowledging this fact and usually stating which work is superior. If you want to see an example of this happening, look up the user reviews for Deep Impact on IMDB and watch out for the word Armageddon. In a similar way, I have to start this off by saying that Black Lagoon is just Cyberpunk:Edgerunners only worse in every way imaginable. When I reviewed Edgerunners I gave it a ...
"Tonikaku Kawaii" is a heartwarming and delightful anime that captures the essence of young love and the simplicity of genuine affection. The series follows the charming and endearing relationship between Nasa Yuzaki and Tsukasa Tsukuyomi, two characters whose connection is forged through a series of fate-driven events.. . At its core, the anime is a romantic comedy that explores the gradual blossoming of love between Nasa and Tsukasa. The unique premise of Nasa's impulsive decision to marry Tsukasa after a chance encounter adds a touch of whimsy to the story. The innocent and sincere nature of their relationship is heartwarming, and the way they navigate the challenges ...
Personally I found this anime boring, but not because I dislike slice of lifes , in fact it is my favourite genre. No, I think Lucky star is boring to me because I am not part of the audience it was meant for. You see, a lot of the 'comedy' in this comedy anime relies on the viewer knowing certain things about life in Japan and otaku culture and relating to what the characters are saying, but I'm from The West and only started watching anime when the pandemic hit, so a lot of the jokes fly straight over my head. without the comedy aspect ...
In short, manga is more amusing than anime.. Animation seems to be on a cheap side, and lines that look fine on page don't sound so good in motion.. Plot-wise it's your average isekai. Out of positive bits, the protagonist doesn't seem to be as overpowered as others would be in his position, since the series often make a point that even though his stats are getting high, he still far away from actually overpowered people in the setting. At the same time it often makes one wonder, why they don't take care of all that shit that goes on. Kinda the same dilimma ...
Interesting for its' place in anime history, albeit a sleazier part than most would enjoy. The main problem aside from the misogyny and the boys will be boys attitude is that the show is constantly getting in its' own way. Sure the lead teacher is cute, and quite nice, but the nudity elements become very bland very quickly. Only so much they can show, and in only so many ways, but the core show about a new teacher trying to connect with the youth isn't fully realized due to the whole, constant perving and sexual assault stuff. Episodes will be about a topic, then stop ...
In my opinion, This anime needed more chapters to get a more adequate immersion and effort on what it actually wants to communicate (at least 16 in total as preference).. . I don't feel much with the character conflicts, because the missions got around 2 or 3 episodes to develop, making it feel artificially embedded to meet a number of chapters (13), and doing nothing or too little to trace a coherent or significant link between these.. . And as a side note (mere aesthetic whims): It doesn't make me able to take the anime aesthetics seriously because of those silly and impractical forms some characters take (If you ...
This is probably one of the more unique animes I've seen, but not because it has anything super shocking or crazy out of the box about it. It's just because the entire feeling of the show is unlike any other I've actually seen solely because of how contradictory it is of itself, which I'll explain further.. . The art is fantastic, I was shocked by just how beautiful it was from the start of each episode to the end. There's a high level of care put into the artistic details of My Happy Marriage and they clearly aren't willing to make any sacrifices in terms of quality. ...
Title: Charming but Repetitive. . I had hopes for is the order, a rabbit bloom, not high hopes but hopes However, my experience with the series took an unexpected turn. While many viewers might find it to be a delightful and heartwarming show, I personally struggled to connect with it.. . Is the order a rabbit bloom certainly possesses its own charm, with its cute characters and relatable everyday scenarios. The initial appeal is undeniable, and I appreciate the effort put into capturing the essence of slice-of-life storytelling. Yet, as the episodes progressed, I found myself being extremely bored and falling asleep it felt like ...
In order to fully enjoy this show you're going to need a lot of patience, the pacing is absolutely terrible but the story is amazing, the animation gets great later on, the plot is good, and the world building is amazing. From my experience some arcs are hits and others are misses and thats due to the terrible pacing this show has. During the skypiea arc a couple of the strawhats were fighting the same obese twins who used weaponized farts as a weapon for like 10 episodes and then Luffy is just being sped inside a lizard for 20 episodes being a dumb*ss.
I know this is an adaptation of a game but I'm critiquing the anime independently:. . The anime is mediocre at best, and that's a damn shame since it has unique character designs, (like Kara's and Yuel's curves), a nice setting, and is well-animated. It basically had a lot of potential and all the factors to be a good anime, but ultimately fell short.. . This anime's for people who want to be introduced to Granblue before trying the game, or for those who already play it and want some eye candy.. . I don't know why but since episode one I just didn't like Lyria. And I knew damn ...
Great anime but definitely cheap on the animation. The beginning of the first episode is a cheaply animated colorful light show with cheap and easily drawn enemies. Then the background characters are just as bad if not worse. The main story is great though... just gotta get past the beginning of the series. Its definitely how it remains highly rated the story is after all.. All it has going 4 it. The comedy is great too. Personally i think the animators messed up bad with the first couple episodes having little effort put into the background animation gives this series a bad first impression.
Glad we got some closure on Tiachi's love triangle. Was pleasantly surprised that he chose Inaba #bestgirl.. . Nagase's depression was quite interesting and felt very real and so did everyone else's reaction and interactions. —But that doesn't excuse how poorly executed it was. The show was making a point that Neagase can't be this; always a happy person all the time on the premise that that's not her true self. Yet they contradict themselves by making her do just that. And somehow seemed even faker than when she was pretending in season 1. . And why did she forgive the bitch Setouchi so easily after ...
Loved the premise but it gets really stale after a while. —In the end, I just couldn’t take this show seriously with episodes having the plot of a SpongeBob episode. I’ll probably finish this when I get bored again idk… (And if it wasn’t already obvious Desumi is best girl :P. . . UPDATE FINISHED THE SHOW*. Had 3 episodes left and decided to watch them in dub. The show's whole budget went into the opening and some fights (especially Ep 12). Found Desunis Dub VA extremely annoying but I did like the whole cake cut reference in Ep12s fight. 6/10 The show's just not for me. *And wtf ...
I Only watched because I saw an AMV of episode 10 :/ (Nice bait). . A little cliche and predictable at times. I feel like I've seen this type of show before... I'm actually surprised I finished it, but then again it took over a month. If you're new to this type of genre you actually might enjoy this show. Unfortunately for me, I'm in Leo's shoes, despite being a sucker for the fantasy genre, this show was very underwhelming.. . I actually thought this was an isekai, they really had me with them flashbacks 6/10.. . Stgis was hard, but Steina was best girl ;)
Hyouka is a beautifully animated anime (amazing opening and ending) unfortunately that's all it is. Characters are likable but unrelatable. The plot is your typical; mystery of the week with only two mysteries outshining the rest.. . I was really disappointed with how everything turned out. From the lackluster mysteries, Mayaka's drama, and of course the romance. Which was sprinkled throughout the show but went absolutely nowhere; what was that ending!? This is a show I paused for many years, only to finish it and be disappointed.. . In conclusion. Hyouka doesn't try to be anything special and thats fine, but it certainly had the potential. What ...
This can only be described as Konosuba's love child, but it might be unfair to compare this to konosuba since we all watched it because it had the same author.. . The show ultimately fell short, due to its rushed plot and that's a shame since it had so many interesting concepts. The whole desert-demon world thing worked but needed to be structured better —Along with the characters, they were interesting but lacked depth. It's the little things like world-building and overall detail that this anime needed to thrive.. . I enjoyed this more than the average seasonal isekai adaptation, 6/10 had potential but was ultimately rushed.
While delivering fantastic visuals, and some world-building, it fails at every other aspect— I just couldn't care for the other characters or the relationship between Chise and Elias.. . The whole time I felt like Silvery (my favourite character), just a spectator. No actual connections, but episode 22 was done well. The visuals and sceneries were amazing at times breathtaking and impressive. The story on the other hand was lackluster, along with the characters —They were interesting but lacked depth.... . Some review readers or watchers will like this, but others will not enjoy it. I'm in the middle.Some review readers or watchers will like this, but ...
Welcome to the N-H-K? You know in the States they call it Nestle :). . The show was very realistic in how it handled its characters, especially Satou. I don't hate him but I also don't like him, he's a product of his environment in a way.—Like honestly in one episode Megumi NEET brother had more character development than Sauto did in the whole series. I tried rooting for him but he kept on failing and failing, it was honestly frustrating. My favorite character was definitely Yamazaki, being the voice of reason to Satous stupidity and an overall good friend. Hitomi (Senpai) came off as manipulative ...
I grew up watching primarily shonen anime, mainly Naruto I remember always bashing and criticizing One Piece because of its goofy art, I knew characters like Black Beard, Shanks, and Zoro well before entering the series through word of mouth from friends. After years of pressure, I finally caved in (late 2013) and man did I hate it.. . • DON'T JUDGE A BOOK BY ITS COVER —(2017). It wouldn't be till the summer of 2017 when I just powered through and eventually got hooked during the Alibasta arc. After all those years of dismissing One Piece and calling it Pop Eye the anime, I had finally ...
This isn't the first time we get to see the story of an abused female character fortunately finding a man who loves and cares for her despite his "cruel" reputation. So I think it's fair to say the premise and majority of the storyline are quite antiquated.. . However, I enjoyed watching Miyo & Kudo's relationship blossom and I love that Miyo finally got to be with people who love & appreciate her. There's a larger political scheme going on so I'm excited to see how that goes.. . All of the characters need more development (including our main girl since so far her only personality trait is ...
Josee, the Tiger and the Fish" is a visually captivating anime with its stunning animation and scenic portrayal. However, it falls short in several aspects. The pacing of the story feels uneven, often lingering on insignificant moments while rushing through crucial plot points. The narrative could have been better developed to create a more engaging and emotionally resonant experience.. . In terms of romance, the chemistry between the main characters feels somewhat forced. Unlike some of the more established romance animes, the emotional connection between Josee and Tsuneo lacks depth and authenticity. This results in a less impactful portrayal of their relationship, leaving the audience wanting more ...
I think it is a sweet story and I liked the protagonist for being level-headed and pretty realistic. The love interest isn't super domineering or creepy, and he treats the MC well! I read some of the source material before and was worried that some parts would adapt awkwardly, but it turned out good. It won't blow anything out of the water, but people who are looking for a nice calm romance with adult characters may like it.. . The part I have mixed feelings about- I watched the English dub, and I think the sound direction kind of detracted from the experience. The voice acting itself ...
Radiant, a foray into a world ravaged by demons plummeting from the sky, presents a premise that initially seems like a familiar journey through the Shonen landscape. Demons called Nemesis cause havoc, survivors are cursed, and a lucky bunch can wield Fantasia as sorcerers. While this setup echoes the Shonen formula, Radiant tries to put its own spin on things, even if it takes a while to uncover.. . In the midst of Radiant's well-trodden foundations—complete with a youthful and naive protagonist, extravagant battles, and an impossible mission—there are some elements that appear to set it apart. The series introduces the notion of sorcerers as an oppressed ...
Ergo Proxy started so well, after the first 5 series I had a feeling that it's impossible to it to fail... but the anime quickly lost its pace and two filler series were like a low blow for me. The story turned into generic, yet flavored with pretentiousness. It seems like the author ran out of ideas rather quickly and just wanted to make it to 23 episodes at any cost.. . Even though Ergo Proxy turned out to be an average anime after all, it's still quite enjoyable.. Could be 8/10, but since its length was artificially increased – 7/10.. . Another sad thing is that Daedalus has ...
Texhnolyze is one of many anime that have some good ideas, but bad execution ruins everything.. Both protagonist and antagonist are empty characters that either don't say anything meaningful at all or say something pretentious. Their stories don't add anything to empathize with them or to unfold their internal life philosophy better.. . Another problem is that anime is very slow paced, and not in Tarkovsky's way. There's absolutely no reason for it to be that slow. Slow scenes don't add any depth or immersive emotional experience. The anime can easily be compressed to about eight series.. . I'm sorry to say that, but Texhnolyze is just another pseudo-elitist anime ...
Here we go again with MAPPA and another of his adaptations, although the studio by itselft is not responsible of the overall quality of the original material from where they are basing off (as long they are respecting everything or most of it) the series to being plain honest is not very good and gonna try to expand on this later, the quality on the animation department on this instance felt much more weaker than with previous works (maybe due to bassicly trying to eat more than they can chew with pretty surely animators kinda dead in a way with how much workload is putted ...
OP is a straight up Oreigaru copy. Also this anime was definitely influenced by Oreigaru and maybe Seishun Buta Yarou. Maybe the LN wasn't, from what I gathered, but the directors were.. . Since I read the manga first, though there aren't many chapters available, I had high expectations to this series. But this is a joke.. If you think the idea is interesting, read the manga. It's 100x better. I haven't read the LN, so I can't comment on that. But every monologue that makes the character dynamics interesting has been removed. And even worse, the pacing is atrocious, what is even going on here? How many ...
This will be a spoiler free review.. . I am a big fan of the Isekai Meikyuu series. I've read the web novel, light novel, and manga. It's probably my favorite manga being released right now, and the series has a dedicated cult following. So obviously, I was really hyped when I first heard that they were going to make an Isekai Meikyuu anime, made by Studio Passione no less - The studio who made High School DxD season 4, and the new Higurashi. A friend and I thought it was going to be a match made in Heaven.. . But I think in the back of my ...
Short version: This show is fun bad.. . Long version: The entire story hinges on a singular joke: That the main character is massively overpowered, and everyone is shocked just how strong he is.. . Which is a trope that has been done a million times before, but this show is so dumb it's charming. So it never really gets old. At least, not for me. If you're not the type who can enjoy a show's flaws, or small charms, you'll probably think this show is just barely passable.. . The animation is obviously low budget, but you can see the heart behind this show. You can tell they ...
This show is pretty pogchamp for zombie genre fans and the animation do be pretty. However, it gets hit with delay every other week to the point where you kinda lose interest in what's going on bc last episode was 2 weeks ago and there's already a new delay announced after the one you're watching, killing all the hype. Watching this as it's airing is an absolute chore so if you're interested just wait for it to be finished.. . The premise is the strongest part of the show. Characters are fine and likable enough. Action is pretty to look at. Comedy doesn't always land but most ...
Baccano is a work created in an unconventional way, i.e. it does not have a rigid time frame and is not limited to the real world, because we are dealing here with the theme of immortality, which in turn gives the creators a lot of room to show off when it comes to the possibilities of creating a storyline. In the first episode I really wanted to stop the screening because I didn't understand what was going on, the way of showing the action is very chaotic and gives us more questions and embarrassment than answers, which will be bothersome for the first few episodes, ...
I've heard that a lot of people say this is a really good story, but I've gotta disagree.. Other than the incredible animation the movie is overall mostly just boring, there are some good scenes but only a few. I have watched it twice now, since the first time I didn't like it. Then I read the manga and I wanted to give it another chance, but I gotta say I think the manga is a lot better, even though it was made after the movie, I think it goes more in depth and has a lot more to offer.. . Even though I don't like, I ...
I am no fan of the Monogatari franchise, it’s one I could never get into because it’s very long, it consists of many entries and arcs, and keeping track of the timeline is one big mess, as the release date has you watching stuff that goes before something you have already watched, or even in-between a season that already aired.. . The basic idea that spawned such a colossus of a franchise is kinda interesting although not that special, it has to do with fantasy monsters lurking within a certain city and possessing people, which is why different exorcists and demi humans take care of them.. . The ...
The animation is quite good. Not a whole lot of flash, but overall the animation is very smooth. The character detail is good, but the backgrounds are *chef's kiss* great. The characters have just an average amount of depth, and are annoying from time to time. That being said a lot of them are fairly likeable. The story has an average amount of depth, but the hijinks the story leads to are quite fun and creative. The pacing is average. Almost boring, and the plot moves along very slowly. The voice acting is fair. Good casting, average performances, and only sometimes annoying. The ops/eds are ...
How to say it... its good anime for relax from some other anime, if you watch a lot of action anime, fight or something creepy this short anime is ideal BUT! At best its average, there is no story, almost no nothing, only big tits jumping aroud. Its predictible and characters are generic, maybe too much. One of the two things i like in this anime is animation, i like these kind of animations, smooth, colorfull and basic. But i must admit, its kinda funny, i have grat time watching it, but only as "filler" anime. Just as i said if you want to watch ...
Overall... just mid, nothing note worthy, not even a single pixel, just a basic ass show.. . The story.... was just confusing, it started off as one thing, and a few plot twists later, I was just kinda questioning if there is even a point to the story anymore.. I'd say the show is much more enjoyable if you completely ignore the story, cause the visuals weren't too bad.. . To segue into visuals, they were pretty sick tbh, a lot of gore, characters had very fine detail in terms of clothing, hair n other stuff.. Also a lot of sex and nudity... like... A LOT, I'd say there was a ...
A Whisker Away/Nakitai Watashi wa Neko wo Kaburu review, originally written for my Letterboxd account.. . There's a lot to like about A Whisker Away.. . The animation is pretty good throughout, it has many sweet moments and explores important themes like hiding, and eventually accepting, who you really are in ways that work very well, despite being not very subtle.. . However, I feel like a lot could have been cut out of the story. The side characters are not interesting at all, and most of the drama between them feels unnecessary. Our main couple is basically a pair of walking clichés. We have the overly optimistic lovesick protagonist, ...
After re-watching the anime in preparation for season 2, I have concluded that Jujutsu Kaisen is a shonen with great action and shallow storytelling. In terms of sheer spectacle, Mappa delivers bombastic action scenes with spectacular directing and fluidity. Perhaps more than any other series in the past few years, Jujutsu Kaisen demonstrates the incredible value that shonen can get from adapting their manga in seasons. Quality is extremely consistent across all 24 episodes, rather than just being focused on the huge set-piece fights.. . The story of Jujutsu Kaisen's first season is fairly mediocre. Yuji is a generic protagonist who lacks a strong goal to push ...
Feels like something that would be much more enjoyable if you are familiar with the source material. Watched this because someone online said Miyano’s acting was really good in it. And it was.. . The acting is great. The animation is good. Only a few scenes had that obvious CGI that takes you out of it. Very much a Josei. That’s the audience it’s made for. Not probably going to like it if you really don’t jive with Josei.. . It falls into that common alternate history trope where the characters are written more like historical figures than like fictional characters. They grow and change but not in ...
It starts off strong, but personally I think it peters out midway through. The ending was also disappointing, but Japanese writers were never good at endings anyway. Nagomi is also your typical whiny pacifist throughout the entire show.. . If you're here because you want to watch a maid gang war with the purple-hair chick dropping bodies, that only lasts for the first few episodes. After that, our main maid cast might as well be Buddha with how much they suddenly become pushovers (which leads to some incredibly forced situations for the sake of drama because they grovel instead of standing up for themselves). Overall it was ...
When I saw that this OVA had been announced a while back, there was nothing that could dampen my mood and as the months passed by I grew more and more excited to watch it. I'm not sure what I was expecting, but given that it has been 4 years since the 3rd film (the most recent Hibike release), I was at least expecting something worthwhile to watch. However, I was disappointed after watching the OVA because nothing of substance really happened, the ensemble contest does not matter at all and we didn't even get to hear the group that won!. . The whole 50 minutes ...
I hate to be that person, I really do, but the manga is better. Infinitely better. It’s hard for me to say this, because I really wanted to like the adaptation, but the manga just does everything the anime does without any of the problems the anime has. I’ll concede that most of my issues with it probably contain some bias, and that some issues might come off as nitpicks, but it nonetheless stands that they are problems not present in the original.. . I suppose to start with a nitpick, I want to mention the starting song. I don’t like it (I did say nitpicks). ...
Sword art Online: Extra edition is a combination of an 80 minute summary of the first season and a twenty minute episode that is chronologically after the first season.. . The story of the summary is the first season told as recollections by various characters and is okay as far as summaries go. One of the recollections is by Kirito who is talking to Seijirou Kikuoka, the member of the ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications, who appears in the second season for the first time. This meeting is referenced in the second season but isn't important and you don't have to watch the summary for ...
I can't watch this show without constantly comparing it to The Lawnmower Man (1992 film).. Lain and her classmates are very nice characters which is a shame because there is very little of them.. I watched this show just for the friendship between Lain and Alice, the only thing differentiating the show from The Lawnmower Man (1992 film).. It's sad that there is very little of this versus all the techno-philosophical ideas, which they mostly aged very badly and just didn't become true.. Computers and the internet are just boring, and I don't remember any of these techno scenes at all, it all functions as technobabble filler for the ...
Looks great, and there's a lot of fun to see and explore while watching.. However, the characters are very dry. The concept is basically Harry Potter animated when you look at the overall environment.. In other words, it's something to watch when there's nothing else to watch. The scenarios are somewhat different each episodes, but they also repeat eachother all the time.. . (All scenarios / conflicts). Oh trouble - let's do smth about it - what?! didn't expect this - superpower - we won.. . Now this goes for almost all fights with heroes, main characters etc. But they don't change anything, it's the same pattern all over.. In ...
--- Original lenguage: Portuguese --- --- Additional lenguage: English ---. . English: I see here an anime with an absurd potential, a relaxed and humorous scriptI honestly admit that I was a little scared by the opening of Universal, but I just believe that there will be a continuation. A season with the past in the gym would be a good idea (if it hasn't already). You honestly can't deduce what he's going to do with the kingdom but it brings an extra taste to the anime. It deserves more than 7.5 but unfortunately the hole in the script can affect a lot, such as the forcing of some parts ...
When i watch the first time i really really have A high hope that this will be a really good yuri Anime since a lot of people recommended it to me Saying it's very good anime but i think they are WRONG since it was just alright honestly it's so Allright that hibike euphonium has more yuri Scene than the main couple, I feels like the Couple In this anime didn't really have that much Progress, to the point that the side characters Feels like much more better to watch if you're Loooing for a yuri scenes. . I feel like i didn't really say that ...
This review is written in English and Spanish!. ENG. . I watched the whole movie thinking that it could be VERY interesting if it gets a visual novel adaptation like Spike Chunsoft's style, that you have to discover the plot and the past of the characters little by little in the castle or experimental facilities.. . The plot is interesting and is what saves it all, half a stoner, yes, but interesting despite everything.. . The characters are the weakest: A lady in danger, a plot-resolving gym guy, a schizo storyteller, a little boy who catches up with the adults and the rest of the cast that I didn't even learn ...
The second season improves on what the first was good at. The visuals are more consistent, as no longer some elements look like they don’t match well with others in some scenes, and the animation during non-action sequences has improved.. . The big improvement of this season was the sound effects which were mediocre in the previous one, and are now good. The music and the voice acting retain the same level or at a bit better, since now more demons appeared and they all have cool and differently sounding and well mixed and edited voices. A big change I noticed where the opening and ending, as ...
Expectation: 7. Reality: 7. . Not sure how to describe this other than a film that tried to be like Makoto Shinkai.. . Studio CLAP really tried to take an egg from Shinkai's basket with this one and it just proves how good Makoto is. Not to say this film wasn't good, it was, but it didn't provide the same level of grief or depression or joy as, say Weathering with You did. The animation was well done and the voice acting was also good. However, the plot didnt buy me. Solid concept, but execution could have been better, it was pretty predictable and didn't hit hard enough. The ...
Expectation: 9.5. Reality: 5. . After seeing many Makoto Shinkai works, this one didn't hit as hard. Character lacked depth and thr story felt bland. Of course animation was amazing, as you would expect, but the film was underwhelming at best.. . The plot was pretty predictable and due to the nature of the phenomenom in the film, the romance was not as good as his other works. For the hype this had built up by the time I watched it, it really disappointed me to see the same-old plotline we've seen in every other one of his films. The ending was done well I must admit and combined ...
If you told me you watched this for the plot, i might actually believe you.. Redo of healer offers us a few things, a unique take on the revenge trope, an interesting world, and psychotic antagonists. Oh, almost forgot, the sex scenes that take up a good 3+ minutes every single episode. This show really is an enigma. take every anime trope you, put it on steroids, and then you have this show.. It opens off with a broken, psychologically and physically assaulted character who used to only want to be a hero. It wouldent be until later ...
Kawaii dake ja Nai Shikimori-san Is a basic romcom of 12 episodes. It is fun to watch it if you have time to spend. The characters are pretty interesting, but I appreciated the way the anime developed others, with backgrounds like Hachimitsu or Kamiya. . Unfortunately one of the negative point is the boringness that you can experience during the middle of the show. The comedy point is not so much accentuated and some of basic events are in there( festivals, fireworks). The anime isn’t unique and it is easy to prevent all the events that will happen.. . Personally the thing that I preferred in the anime is ...
Sweet but bland at the same time. Idk whether its good or nah.. My first impression on first episode is good but after a few episode its get boring(for me).. There is nothing special about the story, some people might get bored with it. Kinda remind me of Tonikaku kawaii, they are just spending time together, do sweet thing, no conflict and so on until the last episode. Pretty much you can predict the story in every episode tho.. For the animation its not the best but still ok imo.. P.S. sorry if my review is hard to read, my english is broken as you can see
HOLD ON! You have to give this a quick read... well you don't but I guess you are anyways... so, this is bad right?. Like I rated it a 5 but it is really a 3.. 4 at best. However, I rated it based on how much fun I had watching it as a Bad Anime. Like, I went into it fully knowing what it was gonna be and I had a blast. Hilarious. It was too fast paced, contrived, and would fall flat everytime it started to get something kinda interesting (Just to mention a few). And I loved EVERY Minute of it. If ...
To put it simply, watch this if you want an entertaining series, not a meaningful one.. This is an important thing to consider if your thinking about watching this. The series definitely has some things going for it, the art for one is gorgeous, so if you were drawn to it just because of that for that reason its totally understandable. Second of all, the fight scenes. overall the clashes between characters fell unique, and the abilities characters had feel fresh and unique for an anime that has superpowers present. tropes aside, the concept of the ...
I was expecting this short to serve as an introduction to the relationship between Hirano and Kagiura seen in the manga series of the same name, since anime-only viewers do not know much about these characters, particularly Kagiura. However, this was just 8 minutes of random snippets of the manga's earlier chapters, not providing an exposition to the series, but rather just advertising for the manga (or potentially, a future adaptation of Hirano and Kagiura).. . My recommendation for fans of the manga is to not go into this short with high expectations and view it for what it is. As well, to those that have ...
As it was put in another review, this is basically just a series of episodic OVAs following the previous season.. . Interactions between Hayato and Ui are quickly thrust to the side as the former winds up in various lustful situations with the other characters (they try to get through all the characters this way, this season, for some bizarre reason), and any progress the two made in the last season - especially that near the end - is thrown out the window to effectively put everything back at square one. They are much less intimate this time around, shock horror.. . Besides this it's essentially more of the ...
I can certainly see why this could come off as pretentious. The second half of this show just shifts so drastically, it feels almost personal. The subverting of expectations is what makes this show resonate with so many people, life doesn't have a set pattern. People can connect themselves to these characters, and even with the goofy antics that occur, you can still find meaning behind each of these episodes. While there are a decent amount of religious connections and symbols, it doesn't divert away from the overarching themes. The art style felt unique, even with the dated animation. While it may not be for ...
Title: Words Bubble Up Like Soda Pop - A Visually Stunning Yet Underwhelming Teenage Tale. . Rating: 6/10. . Introduction:. . "Words Bubble Up Like Soda Pop" is an aesthetically charming coming-of-age anime that marries vibrant visuals with themes of self-expression and connection. While its unique animation style and heartfelt moments manage to captivate, the overall execution falls short of delivering a truly memorable experience. As an anime enthusiast, I provide a review of "Words Bubble Up Like Soda Pop," exploring its strengths and highlighting the aspects that hinder it from reaching its full potential.. . Stunning Visual Aesthetic:. . One of the immediate standouts of "Words Bubble Up Like Soda Pop" is its visually ...
Look, I'll level with you: I have no idea what the hell is happening in this anime.. . It's a familiar feeling, one I experienced about 13 episodes into Durarara!. . "Am I stupid? Is this supposed to make sense? Why does this all seem so much more complicated than it needs to be?". . Lots of characters, lots of competing motivations, a necromancer from another world, an unkillable guy covered in bandages, a fire...guy? Police guys, vaguely crime-associated guys, bartender ladies with silly glasses who hire out assassins, an assassin girl, a...shark lady?. . It's a lot. And again, I'm not sure if the incoherence is intentional, or I'm ...
This is the first review ive ever written on this platform and ive come to give my honest opinon on this anime, One Piece.. One piece has a good story with good world building ( alotta people misunderstand this word) and also amazing flashbacks.. . But here comes the main part. . One piece started off really good, with introduicing new characters, their backstory, and alabsta which was really unique, and skypiea which i honestly enjoyed but many poeple skip and find boring. Then comes my problem. Ennies lobby is pure recency bias. the first half was really boring and all the ennies lobby hype was from the second ...
Originally, I started writing this review under the assumption that this Konosuba spin-off was essentially a season three. It isn't, but I'm glad I checked. I would've made more of an ass of myself than I already have here. At this point and time, this is definitely my least favorite Konosuba related material to be released. That also includes all of the OVA's and the movie.. That isn't to say that it's bad, by any means, just not a very strong Konosuba entry. Here's why I feel this way. I'm going to assume you know what Konosuba is, and have watched all of the previous material ...
So I don’t think this movie was bad it was just not geared towards me. It is geared towards middle to high schoolers and I think that age range would enjoy this movie much more.. . Also I really got the feeling at the begging that the main characters love interest really was attracted to cats in a “weird way”. . I like cats so I thought I would enjoy the movie more. . This is my first review how many more words do I need to write. . The art style and animation are very good 8/10. Characters are not really relatable to me at all 3/10. ...
For me, this is a GOOD ecchi.I also liked the fact that the anime is not that old cliché of ecchi, demon king and everything else that we already know, but in fact this anime is not unanimous, but it does its "rice and beans" well and the anime is well conducted.. . The animation is not bad, but it is not good either, this animation gives you something simple and that's it, but I must point out that episodes 11 and 12 have a completely horrible animation !!! Which for me is on the same level as the animation of naruto against pain or nanatsu.. . In the ...
Look. Some anime are full course gourmet meals. Some anime are bad microwave burritos. And some anime are soup. Plain, regular, out of the can soup. Not mindblowing, but a staple comfort food. You won't remember the meal, but it filled you up, and you enjoyed eating it. This anime is canned soup.. . Now, there were a lot of things I really liked about this show, and a lot of things I didn't. Let me detail the major negatives first.. . 1) the animation is uh. Not great. It's not horrible, but it is distracting. There is maybe two or three really good shots in the whole show. ...
So, I just revisited the original anime adaptation of Fate/Stay night by studio DEEN, and let me tell you, it's quite the ride. I personally gave it a 6/10, and honestly, I don't think it deserves all the flak it gets. Let me break it down for you.. . First things first, let's talk about the animation. Sure, compared to some of the slicker adaptations that came later, it might not be mind-blowing, but for its time, it's pretty darn impressive. Remember, we're talking about a show that came out a while ago. So, cut it some slack, people! While it might not reach the visual heights ...
Captivating beginning, disappointing ending.. . I am the last person advocating for less mystery or less predictability (at least with the plot in the case of this anime, as the result of encounters with the monsters of this world were clear). However, I felt as though there was a bit too much "new" mystery and not enough building on the "old", or the mysterious reveals already in place. This leaves the viewer with a lot of questions and the worry that the majority may never be answered.. . The show really does well in creating a post-apocalyptic atmosphere, and it was very fun to watch our two ...
I'm always reluctant to post a "mixed feelings" review. I think this option is overused. I didn't think I would use it, but here I am. I suggest you try the show with the expectation of eventually dropping it if/when you feel like you've seen enough.. . This anime was promising. The relationship is so cute, they're nice kids, it's a middle school setting so that's a welcome change from the high school romcoms.. . But the comedy... 4/10, below average. It is very peculiar. Some people - not me - have a problem with the fact that the girl constantly forgets her glasses. You may not like it, ...
I watched the entire 1 season of my mysterious girlfriend x (Nazo no Kanojo X) last week.. TLDR: quite a bit of fan service, very obvious kink/ fetish service, first romance as a teenager.. . so... this anime.. When I watched the first episode, I was very taken back by what I was watching. It started off pretty tame in a highschool setting and then the main character tastes the drool left behind from a (previously) sleeping transfer student.. . Don't worry, I won't spoil it all. . I don't know all the ins and outs of anime and lingo, so please forgive me.. . Now this show like many other animes has fan ...
After watching the first episode I thought it all sat oddly with me. The conversations and events did not go the way you normally expect them to. It was just kind of weird and off. I was going to chalk it up to bad writing, or inaccurate translation, or poor execution, but thought I should look at the next episode or two and wound up looking at all that have been simulcast on Hidive so far.. . What got me thinking to look at it some more was a certain kind of consistency of tone in the personalities and in the things that were being said ...
Azumanga Daioh is a decent enough comedy animation, but the manga does the comedy way better. The shift from 4 panel comic to animation makes the jokes way too long-winded and awkward. It feels like something MacFarlane would do in the worst family guy episodes sometimes with how the punchline is so often "guys she did the thing AGAIN". It does include a bunch of wholesome moments and some overarching narratives that the manga lacks, which is appreciated. There are moments of actual comedy present within the show that are very effective, but these moments are few and far between and often interspersed with boring ...
I've never hated the team of protagonist as much as i hate Seirin, simply because the amount of plot armors that Seirin have are just too much to the point that it's becoming more and more annoying in season 2. What a way to ruin the excitement. I always on the protagonist's side in every sports anime, but this one is really annoying. The show is saved by the art and some characters. It is sucks as always but Akashi is justice. I would have given it 5/10 if it's not for him and other Generation of Miracles. Either way, i could have enjoyed it ...
To be honest... I didn't like this season but it has something.... . That something is Director Tom's plot because it's a serious topic that I liked that it was explored in the anime... However, that's the only thing that seems remarkable to me, it's very forgettable this season.. . I mean, it suddenly changes the genre from a rom-com to a seinen... Not at all something I like it at all. . Beyond all this bad stuff, I think it's worth a look and see if you like it, I don't recommend it, only if you want to finish the anime, the last season is worth it in every way. . Even ...
Classroom of the Elite Chunibyos.. . The human brain can hold up to 2.5 million gigabytes or 2.5 petabytes of memory. The brain is a marvel of engineering by nature cultivated through hundreds of thousands of years of evolution that has allowed mankind to grow, learn and hold onto the knowledge and memories of our ancestors so that we could become the dominant species of the planet that we are today. Yet with all these millions of gigabytes of memory I have in my noggin, I fail to remember a single thing about Classroom For Heroes.. . The story begins with a horny frat boy getting blue-balled ...
After passing it over at least half a dozen times while deciding which anime to watch, my wife and I finally gave The Perfect Insider a go and if nothing else it was certainly unique and didn't feel overly like any other anime we've seen. At just 11 episodes it's a fast, approachable program, though it somehow manages to feel like it doesn't truly even have enough content to fill that very short run time, and it certainly loses steam towards the end as well, leaving us with an overall mixed bag that I'll now discuss with a bit more detail.. . From the very beginning the ...
I probably have more tolerance for anime that can be described as fairly heinous (whether it be because of fan service, weird taboo topics, etc) than most people. I can get behind awful anime as long as it entertains me. That said, this was still pretty painful, even for me.. . Let me get this out of the way: MC is a perverted moron. That's most likely the biggest issue here, at the very least it was for me.. . For everything else, I'll just summarize the experience because if you're reading this, you're most likely already seasoned when it comes to RomComs and don't need a whole essay:. . - ...
The Magic Chef of Ice and Fire begins as a classic revenge story with a less interesting twist: protagonist Nian Bing who escapes the clutches of a villain at the sacrifice of his parents takes guidance under the renowned Demon Chef, after realizing mutual advantage in how to combine elements to create dishes that Perfection might as well get him more used to elemental magic. It sets up a dichotomy where Nian Bing promises his master chef to travel the lands and become a respectable chef, while escaping from being hunted by the villain that was after his life in the first place. With a ...
Ergo Proxy is a weird anime to talk about, not just in the strange and cryptic context of the show itself, but also how it is talked about in the anime community. It is both weirdly under and overrated, under because it is a show with a unique style and take on philosophy, over because it seems to be praised by the few who do watch it for those unique traits while ignoring all the flaws that are so blatant in this anime.. . Well to start out with the positives, it’s fair to say that Ergo Proxy is definitely a very philosophical and dense anime, and ...
Mio is right for calling out Shun's creepy eyes (because Shun is an adult and Mio is a child), but uh... Shun should not be so happy when Mio says he's glad to be hit on (because Shun is an adult and Mio is a child). Sure, the time skip happens and Mio ages up to young adulthood, but he still very much acts like a child throughout their entire budding relationship... which he practically is in comparison to their very different maturity levels and we are given nothing to indicate otherwise.. . At its core, this is a fairly typical story about internalized homophobia. Nothing groundbreaking. ...
Well, its a bit difficult with this one. Its not shitty or something like that, but its definitely unique. The anime is based on little horror stories.. Story: 9/10. The plot of them is enjoyable and really interesting.. Characters: 7/10. I think, because of the length of the episodes, they characters are not really memorable, but still fitting enough.. Visuals: 7/10. Tthe art style is the special thing about yami shibai. The characters doesnt have any speaking animations and furthermore have limited movement animations, but not in a bad way. It makes it special and in my opinion, it gives the show a special touch and it makes it a bit ...
It's certainly iconic. Everything sticks to you and it's awesome at points, but I can't help but feel that it does not live up to the expectations created by others' impression.. Its directing and music make for a spectacle that lasts for the duration of the show, with memorable characters and locations. But this style of directing can make some episodes hard to understand, so I don't think absolutely everyone should watch the show.. At the end of the series, I felt like I still didn't know the characters despite spending 39 episodes with them, and thanks to the close to surrealist storytelling, I couldn't understand the ...
🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️ when will these type anime end? Look, if those of you creating this genre truly struggled like this in you adolescent/young adult life than I truly apologize for you having to go through that. Truly.. but 90% of us don’t. I mean call me crazy but the entire concept of “I’m just not good enough” has been done to DEATH. But hey, that’s not good enough so let’s go a step further.. I’m so not good enough that the best thing I can do for the person I care about is to stay as far away from them as possible… WTF?! It would have ...
Now I watched all of the first Gundam as episodes and not as movies, so I decided to make this review on the final movie to make it easier. Definition of a Mid anime. To put it simply, you're sitting to watch a 43 episode history docu of “Space WWII.” It has its moments of being interesting and also has a good way of how war can affect a person. Amuro (MC) is 15 when the show starts, just a kid who likes to tinker. Then he turns into a battle-hardened warrior with a 400/0/0 KDA. The side characters thankfully don’t suffer from what I ...
Against the backdrop of xuanhuan tropes and familiar arcs, "Against the Gods" navigates its course with both strengths and drawbacks. The tale weaves the protagonist's journey into a young vessel bereft of vitality. There's the clichéd entrance of a captivating maiden who will eventually break off the marriage and the discovery of an overpowered ally to aid in overcoming predicaments. There's a harem element, the arrogant young masters, and the victorious ascent of a seemingly trash character.. . "Against the Gods" began with promise, but gradually lost its way. The protagonist's transformation from wisdom to foolishness, reliance on luck, and unsettling interactions with women marred the ...
This Pokemon movie is very much the definition of nostalgic, but not a good one. Many people have stated that this was one of the best Pokemon films, although a good film it definitely doesn’t hold that statement. This of course is a movie for kids at the end of the day, but a lot of story beats seemed either rushed or didn’t really work. Unlike the main series, this felt like it was more aimed at kids than a wider audience, which might explain the movies that came after it. It’s still pokemon at the end of the day, and I’d watch this compared ...
This is one of the most simple animes. The plot seemed nice, especially the tags but yet 6 episodes in and nothing interesting seem to happen.. . Everyone in this show is annoying, it has more "Romance" than what they say in the tags. Sudo looks like a great MC but his background and personality is barely there yet. Lisa is the most annoying character in this show, she is very useless to the "plot" we do have. And all those weird side characters make it look like it's a different anime each time.. . The plot is a mix of grey's anatomy and weird science fiction. It ...
It's alright. I admit ignorance, this season started incredibly strong in my opinion. But it pretty quickly devolved into telling really boring jokes, but I also think there's a pretty big cultural gap here. It definitely felt like the most contemporary piece, but after two seasons I can understand. I liked one episode, and it was the brothers going up the mountain. That was a really fun episode, a lot of what I loved about the first season. I didn't hate my time spent watching it, but it the most common word I was saying when I thought about the episodes was 'underwhelming.'
I think this anime's biggest issue is the fact that it's reached an audience that's clearly not meant to be it's target audience.. In it's core, this anime is based on an otome game, and as silly as otome games may sound to some, they are but a genuine interest to many. Many otome games have incredibly well written plots that happen to have the already existing conflict and story also revolve around a romance between the player and a character. Yes, a character, not the whole entire cast of the game, or at least, not all at once.. Many times companies have tried developing ...
The animation is fair-good overall. There are some good scenes when the bands are playing music, but otherwise not a lot of flash. There are some very good backgrounds, but the character detail ranges from poor to good. The character detail is mostly good, but there are scenes where it's lacking. The characters are good, they don't really develope at the pace that I would like though. That being said they have a good amount of depth to them. The story is also good, the plot is engaging, but it does feel overly complicated and drawn out. Nothing wrong with a long anime with a ...
Ensemble Stars is fine as an anime adaptation, but the experience will be screwed up depending on if you've read any of the stories before the anime. The anime is more like it's for fans rather than to bring in newcomers.. . If you're a fan of Ensemble Stars previously, this is a great anime, and you'll enjoy seeing who you produce sing and dance. If you're new to the franchise, this is a terrible entry into it, as it poorly represents the characters in the franchise. You will probably misunderstand the character's motives and personalities.. . If you want to get into Enstars, here's the deal - ...
Loved the music/visuals. Tolerated the story.. . Eve's track (without animation) convinced me to watch the movie and I feel the track perfectly conveys the emotion of the entire movie. The movie supplements it with vibrant colors and animations that carries momentum of the tunes being played (amazing audio/video mixing).. . The story is definitely not this movie's strong suite. It's capable of carrying the movie through emotion/hype, but to anyone prone to analyze in real time it will fall apart. There's a supernatural event occurring that is referenced all the time but it barely gets explored. It's nice in a sense it keeps a mystery up, but ...
As someone who read the manga, I absolutely love it. However, despite the hype, the anime doesn’t seem to match up.. . The anime itself is… alright. However, it doesn’t seem to quite manage to capture the same sense of youth (?) and energy that the manga exudes. Although the show is serviceable, I find the pacing a little wonky. Too fast or too slow in all the wrong places. As a result, the anime seems to fall short of the manga.. . However, the anime is still watchable and the art is beautiful as always. Perhaps people who have yet to read the manga might enjoy this more, ...
It is not boring but it is also not good. The production quality is fine and the VA carry out their roles, such as they were, quite well. However, not since Makoto Itou of School Days has there been a more horrid and pathetic MC in anime. Sadly it is unlikely that this series will end with the mass murder suicide every character so richly deserves for being absolute pieces of trash. 1/10 of relatable characters. If you like to hate watch a show then this anime is for you...10/10 for hate watching. If know anyone like Kazuya Kinoshita and Chizuru Mizuhara in your ...
Your Name is one of my favorite movies of all time. As much as I tried to go into this movie without expectation, that fact made doing so nearly impossible. But even with that being the case, I was still prepared to enjoy this movie even if I knew it would reach the heights of Your Name.. . It was unfortunate to find out that this movie was disappointing in a way that was directly a result of how familiar I was with Your Name, but not in the usual way you might expect. Weathering With You has the exact same structure as Your Name, to the ...
"Darling in the FranXX" is one of the most conflicting anime I have ever seen; I really hoped it would shine with its ever-radiant intensity until the end, but in the last few episodes, it drifted light years away.. . The first segment of the show (eps 1-6) is a cinematic masterpiece that could stand alone as its own perfect story; there is a lot of emotion, excitement, and wonder all wrapped inside of a disturbing futuristic world of which one only scrapes the surface in the first few episodes. One does not need to know a lot to enjoy this basic story, and ...
I wouldn’t say An Explosion on This Wonderful World is “more Konosuba” like you’d expect. It’s actually mostly tame. While having (almost) no bad Konosuba jokes is great, it apparently comes at the cost of the sheer attitude that made Konosuba enjoyable in the first place. It retains some of that DNA, but otherwise it’s a surprisingly generic experience.. . Don’t get me wrong, if you want to like Megumin then I think this anime does a good job. Personally Megumin never struck me as much of a character before this. It was very nice to see that she’s actually kind and thoughtful behind her smug pride. ...
If I had to sum up this anime, it'd be good supplemental material, not so good on it's own.. . BlazBlue as a series draws it's strength from it's infinite possibilities and multiple timelines. However, this anime doesn't really take note of that and feels more of a rush to get the main story beats crammed into 12 episodes. A lot of the characters who aren't the main four or so probably feel like strange one-offs to anyone who's going into this anime without knowing anything about this series.. . Personally, I've played this series, so I understand the intricacies of the plot outside of this anime. However, I ...
This used to have a plot. Even if the plot was basic af, it somewhat had one that also fit its vibe and artstyle. Now its just a slice of life with slow pacing and no expectations. Watchable but boring and definetely a downgrade from the 1st season.. It feels like it switched to a cutesy route where it just shows daily interactions between the characters in a roullete style not focusing on anyone and creating zero eagerness on what is to come. If that is your thing i guess you will still enjoy it since the characters are all likeable but dont expect anything that ...
“Night on the Galactic Railroad” is what happens when You have a hell of a trip after a bunch of drugs You took to deal with a really, Really tough day.. . One night a boy named Giovanni finds himself on a very unique train. He doesn’t really have any recollection of getting a ticket. On the train he finds his (probably only) friend - Campanella. Together they travel through the galaxy on the way to the edge of the universe. During the ride they meet a bunch of people who have different takes on life and witness a lot of things that would make You question ...
Heart Cocktail came out in 1986 and is about various romantic stories that last around two to three minutes.. . The animation quality various from episode a little but overall looks like a very well transitioned PowerPoint presentation. If you compare it to something like the 1985 anime Twinkle Nora Rock Me it looks way better but if compare it to most anime it would be bellow average animation. The art itself it pretty good for the time. It just didn't have a large amount of movement.. . The romance in this episode various in quality. It's like a three minutes Hallmark movie. It doesn't have a lot ...
It's super facial anime, every episode. different story not related to each other. Let's say it's childish. . it's very similar to "my daddy long legs"as drawing and style of plain silly comedia sure as"sudden falling for no reason,. . Character lack depths too,and fraulein maria:is so immature who doesn't suit it's position as a nun or governor. . Other characters are mean for no reason,and the drama is overwhelming for no reason. . ...
---oiginal language: portuguese--- ---additional language: English---. . English: First let me congratulate you on this wonderful season. The first arc about the past of daizai was great, I like this model of explains well the past of the character, at the end of the season we see that the past is much deeper still. The guild arc left me very neutral, it was neither good nor bad, it can be said that the anime did the basics the right way.. The development of the protagonist is kind of dubious yet but I have nothing to complain about. Anime super recommended but would not get into my favorites, Anime 8/10. . PT-BR: Primeiro deixe-me ...
This anime is pretty funny and entertaining, but sadly it does not go further than your typical shonen in terms of narrative. The aniation is top notch, another great work from the studio. Music is also very nice and modern.. . The issues I got with it is the plot, you can see in the beggining is not really well thought, don't think this is spoiler, they create a ranking from monsters fro 1 to 4, 1 being strongest, and a blurred special category reserved for monsters incredible powerful. That category is broken since they are monsters above monsters.. . Well, the protagonist and his friends are learning the ...
Fist of the north star is a slideshow trying to masquerade as animation. Sure, a lot of lack in technical aspects can be attributed to its age but not all. Frequent shot reuses, even seconds after the first time and so frequently just scream laziness. Despite it being martial arts anime, you never see martial arts, just hand, flash, static image of someone flying or outline of them dying.. . Art style is fairly typical for the period so I won't critique that. Same with sound design. Story on the other hand is predictable and boring, at least first 30 episodes I watched. Ken behaves like a ...
This is an adaptation of a novel, so I will review this donghua both as an independent work and as an adaptation.. . Plot Summary: This donghua takes place in the Wu Dynasty (a fictional version of the Song Dynasty). Our MC was a very successful self-made business tycoon in the modern world, but failed in being a good partner (husband). After working for so long, he falls ill and is hospitalized. Since he will soon pass, he cleans up some of his past by turning in his brother(?) and gets murdered by his brother in a rage, only to wake up as Ning Yi in the ...
I really wanted to like this one. The designs are great, the animation is on point and it’s clearly adapted by talented people — but that won’t save it from having really horrible characters and being way too damn “I’m 14 and edgy”.. . I was told to give it eight episodes with promises that it gets better, but there was nothing here to hook me. Denji is not a character whose journey appeals to me.. . I haven’t read the manga, but I doubt that the character arc goes further than going from “I want to touch a tiddy” to “I want to actually have sex”. I’ve ...
So as of now I’ve watched 3 out of 4 of the Hoenn/Advanced Generation movies. This movie, like Destiny Deoxys, is a pretty mixed one.. . First of all, since this was made when 4Kids was still in control of the Pokémon franchise, Ash and Team Rocket’s voices all sounded very off to me, similar to Destiny Deoxys.. . However, one of the good things about Pokémon movies are their opening scenes. They really bring the setting and feeling of the story to life somehow.. . And the first portion of the movie was the most hilarious portion of a Pokémon movie I’ve ever come across (I wonder if the weird ...
I'm going to be honest, I have not heard anyone watch this in 2023... or at all for that matter.. . Story:. I had to watch parts of it in 2x speed because of how much it dragged on. There are many times where the main character, Lucia, complains about situations she put herself in. The whole plot is easy to follow, but you have to keep in mind that this anime's demographic is for children.. . I can't help but feel like a lot of viewers who rated this high did so because of nostalgia reasons, and not because of the story. No one comes to Mermaid ...
Shikimori-san is not just a cutie. . That much is true. Shikimori is a good character. She's pretty, kind, supportive, compassionate and talented at everything she does. She's definitely more than just a cutie. The anime would've been better served with Shikimori as protagonist, rather than Izumi.. . Izumi is about as bland and boring as protagonists come. He's clumsy, timid, and ridiculously unlucky. He's not particularly good at anything. He's determined not to be timid. Unfortunately, the only times we really see him not being timid is when he's cheering on Shikimori. The way the anime portrays Izumi doesn't do him or the anime itself any favors.. . The anime ...
Juuni Taisen offers a unique and intriguing concept. To summarise it it is a battle royale featuring twelve warriors, each taking the forms of different Chinese zodiac signs, competing for the ultimate prize: a wish that could change their lives forever. The series blends action, strategy, and character exploration to create an often intense viewing experience.. . One of the standout aspects of the anime is its diverse cast of characters, each possessing distinct personalities, abilities, and backstories. As the show progresses, viewers are treated to decently executed flashback sequences that delve into the past of each competitor, revealing their motivations for participating in the brutal Juuni ...
The bad guys are always bad. The good guys are always good. Nice visuals and an occasional magic fight here and there. Watch if you're interested in historical settings, not for the story or the plot.. . It's a shame, cause it could have been a really good story. But every scene is predictable; every character is just black and white, and the fighting scenes seem really out of place to me (they add nothing to the plot). There really isn’t that much to add, but the review is too short, so… It is on the serious side, and if you’re into this type of shoujo romance :D
Ghost in the Shell 2.0 is a 2008 reproduction of the 1990s cyberpunk anime film of the same name directed by Mamoru Oshii and created by Masamune Shirow. I’ll be approaching this review on providing my thoughts of this reproduction and providing fresh thoughts on the film after having last seen the original 1995 film back in the 2000s.. . Far as the reproduction element of this film goes, it largely feels like a gimmick to me for the most part. While enhancing most of the original visuals for digital film, some key scenes in the film are animated in 3DCG and a few scenes with digital ...
Look, sometimes, you gotta stop telling me literally everything about what I'm looking at.. . A captive ninja in the old, shogun era, Gabimaru, can't die for whatever reason. Every execution method is rendered useless, swords can't penetrate his neck; fire isn't effective, oil, being fried to death, nothing. A samurai analyzes him, realizing that he simply loves his wife, and he can't die until he gets to be with her. How? ¡Win the Battle Royale, baby!. . As a story, this is just another Battle Royale. You can spin it around, make the winning condition different, and even if this is with (initially) unexplained superpowers, it all ...
---Original lenguage: Portuguese--- ---additional lenguage: English---. . English: "Would you like to commit double suicide with me?". Simply a unique personality. I really liked the anime, good elements of action and investigation. The development of our protagonist was notorious and at the same time and did not develop, he can control his powers but his personality remained intact? I understand that having strong elements of comedy influences the course of each character, but is not changing anything really the best?Staying fearful and irrational certainly doesn't make my kind. Other than that I don't have much to complain about, I'll see next season for sure. anime 7/10. . PT-BR: "Gostaria de cometer suicídio ...
State capitalism in china is very successful. so successful that the government is facing a paradox: how can it keep calling itself the communist party when the youth is so focused on making money and showing their elevated consumer status ?. . This anime is the answer:. 1. make the leader a cool and trendy philosopher (clothing, music), keep the grit, drop the science.. 2. draw the leader as an exotic individual, attractive but not chinese: the chinese cannot be universal, they shall be specific. 3. don't dive into the study, do not explain. criticism shall stay manageable by emerging only from the gifted few. 3. insist on social status, virtue ...
Straight to the question, it is deserves to be watched?. - Yes, but first 5 episode are kinda deception.. Why?. - Because the mood is different in the start, it is looking more like soft drama, but after 5th episode is starting to explosion by interesting replicas. Don't be focused over the animation itself, read/listen carefully what the characters saying.. . Well if you want to watch for the animation and drawing itself, well you probably want to skip, but if you want to hear some funny joke or some cliche. You can try it.. . ps. You will not see non of original characters of SAO, you gone hear ...
Chainsaw Man is definitely a labor of love. A lot of effort went into it's making and you can tell. It looks great, the music is also great, basically everything MAPPA had control over. But sadly the anime suffers from a source material that is very average. The story scratches an itch for new material, but offers nothing unique or interesting either. The setting is your classic modern day Japan, but the twist is that some people have powers, and there are also some evil monsters roaming around. This has been done hundreds of times before, and although there are some twists on that concept ...
Short and Stacked, But Filled With Empty Calories.. . My Tiny Senpai is another cute workplace comedy but that’s about all it has going for it. It has the My Senpai Is Annoying skeleton structure of a tall man and a short woman working together but throws in a bit of Uzaki-chan Wants To Hang Out by giving the short woman massive honkers and making everything she says sound like an innuendo to her impressionable and secretly horny kouhai. That is where the joke begins and ends.. . Honestly, their relationship isn’t that interesting. There's no tension conflict or tension to drive them forward. It’s purely a show ...
The first season had basically 2 characters - yet it was perfect. Every story was locked to the childlike android personality that naturally led to fiasco, but in a comical development, and Monochrome's never giving up attitude in her ever miserable circumstances was inspiring, just as was the season's tear-jerking happy ending.. . The title was a success so the second season could afford: many new characters, OP+ED (vs just ED) and other things. But the magic of the original series was left behind in the Season 1.. . There're, sure, nice things that the fans must and will enjoy: a perfect OP; Monochrome inventing delayed joke as her ...
Season 1 part 1 - Okay I understand the motivation and characters behaviour and is forgivable. Part 2 - What are you trying to achieve?? The biggest problem is the protagonist. This guy never learns from mistake... Absolutely no change in behaviour whatsoever. Come on man at least give me some kind of change or development.. It went from yeah I can give it try to wtf is wrong with this guy.. Communication throughout the series is also a major problem.. . The reason for mixed feelings is aside from protagonist every other character's development is just mid but incredible and likable compared to protagonist. Even if someone is ...
As others reviews, at first i Also thought MC was boring cause the lackness of personality. However, while continue watching, It makes Sense she acts like that when she was practically a slave all her life.. . She just act from the scars from her abuse and as her fiance said, its dificult for a victim to know her value when all her life she was told daily, she worth nothing.. . Excelent character from future husband. She overthinks her value, but he Will be there to over-affirm she's valuable. Hope she ends with the happiness she deserves from future husband.. . Sorry for my english :p
i’m sorry yall, but it really was just mid. the previous seasons have always left me FLOORED with the writing and the animation and everything, and i really was looking forward to this season after seeing the first episode in theaters. but it really was just kinda them fighting for like 8 episodes. id really have liked more plot and character development, as i feel this season really just shoved a lot of information at us without really giving us a reason to care. i feel like it was way too short a season with just 11 episodes, and stretched out even just a little ...
No spoilers!. O boy, this was one hot mess. I loved the TV series but just like a lot of other anime movies, I was considering stopping midway. Let me explain.. . Let's start with the positive things. The animation was great! The creators seem to have put a lot of work into this movie and it's sure to say that it payed off. Of course it can't be compared to something like the Demon Slayer animation but it is great compared to the fights and the dialog scenes in the TV series. There is a lot less still animated scenes and alot more movement, special effects and ...
Both seasons of Clannad were all over the place. Especially in the first season, there were so many plots with no real meaning, cliche scenarios and the whole story over all was very predictable.. . In the second season, the story was more straight to the point and not with many plots, but still very cliche.. . The end at first didn't make any sense until the extra episode came to explain it a bit further.. . Overall, the series was very mid and personally I think it's overrated.. . Though in the series defense, I loved the OVAs with the alternative endings. I give those a 9/10
The concept of the plot looks interesting. no problem. . But..... I really hated the way the camera moved in ep 1, because it made me motionsick. . I don't like the laziness of painting objects in the scene. Because the color of the scene that has been textured is too detailed and the shade of light and shadow is too detailed. Compared to the character It's like they're not in the same anime. Just adjust the color to keep it in the same tone.. . I hope after this The style of the images for this studio will be improved.. . As for this anime, I already made up my mind that The ...
Wow. Somewhere between the intersection of fun, fantastical, disgusting, idiotic, cliché-ridden, and hilarious sits this show. I absolutely expect many normal, well-adjusted people to turn their nose up at this show--can I even blame them? Despite being one of the original progenitors of the genre, it still manages to place a mirror in front of this genre and forces it to confront its myriad complications, all while serving up something approaching a standard-fare isekai. The secret sauce, for good or ill, is the protagonist. What if a degenerate fan of this genre ended up in a fantasy world? I think how much you enjoy ...
--- original lenguage: Portuguese --- --- additona lenguage: English ---. . English: Honestly I see a lot of potential in this anime, elements of action and investigation and with that added humor, very light even, which makes it very relaxed.. Isn't the anime anything exaggerated, minus the "problematic" ones, because apparently "humans" do almost impossible things?. Anyway, it doesn't present anything very innovative in the anime market, but this investigative touch caught my attention.. The protagonist comes very close to what would be for me the "ideal Protagonist", not very charismatic, with a bad past and the best of all: "overpower". I'm honestly looking forward to a sequel, Anime 8/10 ...
~Worth a watch if you like tig ole' biddies~. . It's a pretty okay 2010's ecchi. The world is mildly interesting, and the pandoras are really cool, but the action scenes leave much to be desired.. . The MC is absolutely insufferable... He has the emotional intelligence of a cabbage, and is absolutely clueless. Even moreso than other ecchi/harem protagonists.. . The supporting cast is the highlight of the show. It however greatly lacks substance, and doesn't really come to any conclusion.. . The other redeeming part of the show is the genral concept of the whole thing. Living bioweapons make for an interesting sci-fi concept, and making those bioweapons cute anime girls ...
i love this anime and the characters are all very charming but does this need to have this much fan service, like i understand you're trying to appeal to the audience but i actually can't stand it anymore they are childrennnnnnnn stop making them naked every episode please I just want to watch in peace without seeing child booty and boobs! but besides that I really like the plot and blade is such a funny mc, i'd say the story is a bit generic in terms of this genre of anime but besides that i'd say its a good show.
For what this was, this felt pretty effective. The animation quality is strong, the characters get only flashes of backstory but it works well enough to give them some depth, the use of music is decently strong (albeit the choices should probably get more exploration) and we get some really hardcore moments representing the horrors of this war. The desperation of the Zeon and what they're willing to do is particularly strong, since we know this is near the end of the war and in a period where they know they're losing. Their willingness to mangle or even kill themselves and their compatriots to get ...
The Romcom genre is one of the most exploited genres to make a quick buck: Introduce the worthless MC, pair him with the best girl of the school and stuff 24 minutes with overused tropes. You give it a cute artstyle to hide the subtle imperfection to trick people into thinking this is quality. Kubo-san wa Mob wo Yurusanai is an example of money that can be used elsewhere.. . I'm a person who speaks from the heart, words are not my thing so please, bear with me on this one. All romcoms have their MC stand out on one thing and our little guy doesn't ...
First review (6 episodes). This show is getting a lot of flack for no reason.. . Sure it's not the "OreGairu of this season" that I've seen it referred to, but in terms of casual watching rom-coms, it's pretty decent. There's this guy who's madly in love with a girl for all but 5 minutes before deciding it's a terrible idea and basically following his life. The characters are all enjoyable with none being annoying, it goes at a good enough pace, and nothing cringey.. . It has a good senpai, good sister, good friends - all of the classic trope characters are there.. . It has a similar ...
Demon Slayer season 3 is by far the weakest season compared to the other two + movie as it was unable to meet the high expectations the prequals established. This season maintains its beautiful environment, characters, animation, and breathing styles. However, it suffers from minimalistic sequences (excluding episode 1), questionable plot development, and heavily focuses on confusing repeated still framed dialogues. This arc is present in the swordsmith village which Tanjiro visits to seek to repair his broken sword to eventually encountering two invading upper moons. The first half of the season is sequences of lighthearted comedic interaction with the village, its residents, and two ...
I'll be honest, I found this anime by hitting the random button on the site I watch anime on, and I gotta say, I went into it expecting nothing.... . .... . And got exactly that. There's bare minimum explanation for anything, meaning you are so God damn lost the whole time. The ending is so freaking abrupt I was legit sat in my chair shouting "What?!?" repeatedly because really, WHAT?!? It's like they had a whole anime (or game if other reviews are to be believed) and tried to condense into two episodes. Never a good idea, and this proves why.. . Honestly, the only reason I bumped it up ...
I really must say that while i like Berserk i am disapointed. Story follows the manga ok, maybe notin perfect way but still following it, however animation, even animation rom original series, first season if you want, which was from 1997 was far better then this from 2016. Its clear that they used CGI and not really quality one but cheap one. Music is weird but it actually is good for the setting. Characters, well they are not perfect either but they do follow the story and i do like some of the new characters. I cannot really say much against the show except that ...
As a person who likes to play video games, sometimes I dream to live in one mainly because I believed it would be nice to have a health meter so I only die when it's at zero. Behold! The anime that portrays this kind of life style: Sword Art Online.. . The anime begins with the launch of the titular Virtual Reality Massive Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game. The game looks beautiful, plays really smoothly, and all ten thousand players are having a good time. What could possibly go wrong? Well, the creator of Sword Art Online, Akihiko Kayaba, has set some rules where the players cannot ...
So, what I expected was a comedy show built around main characters and gags involving Neets and Otaku subcultural context mixed with Shrines and such.. What I got was mostly a tourist guide to some places in Japan selling you a trip for a vacation with historical subtext involved.. The Guide part is done very well, detailed and curious, if that's what you might find interesting, but the low key product placements in the show and the overall vibe made me feel detached from the show and eventually felt like a long Ad involving elves.. . Not so much a comedy as I hoped, not that funny as ...
HERE IT IS FOLKS, THE LONG AWAITED DONGHUA ADAPTATION OF THE RAVAGES OF TIME, THE HIGHLY ACCLAIMED CULT CLASSIC MANHUA HAILED AS THE BEST WITHIN ITS MEDIUM AND THE BEST VERSION OF THE ROMANCE OF THE THREE KINGDOMS IN ANIME AND MANGA…. . …And it looks like shit. Well not bad exactly, but definitely as average as many other 3D donghua out there. Compared to other 2D action donghua that has gained some fame in recent years like Wu Shan Wu Xing, these visuals will surely be underwhelming. It’s even worse when compared with the action anime that were airing at the same time that this series ...
Aggretsuko is good for hanging out. . My only problem with this anime is probably its boring but necessary first season. . The plot is slow and even becomes annoying because it is obvious what the end of the first season will be, even so things are clear from the beginning, Showing the romantic interest of haida, the relationship that Fenneko and Retsuko have, and what Retsuko is like (basically meeting the protagonist).. . I hate the first season of this anime for being so slow but what's done is done and it became very addictive at the time, being one of my favorite animes. . ESP: Aggretsuko es bueno para pasar el ...
This is an OVA for Shadow Skill which I watched a couple of episodes because I thought it'd be cool, but I dropped it because I couldn't get into the plot. So I was surprised to find this OVA and decided to watch it purely for the art style which sands down all those nice 90s characters into emotionless rubber.. . It's an early 3D animation. Which, despite the character designs, is honestly not as bad as it could have been. There are some moments where you can tell they put some thought and effort into the direction. Unfortunately for my sanity, these moments are quickly ...
This anime is pretty much alright. It's not bad, but I feel It may very well be forgetful in the future.. . To start our MC was an OP hero who lost his "powers" or should say severely weaken I guess as he's still stronger than all of his classmates. So far it's just been him and his adventures in school, helping out students and building relationships within the school. I feel like they may go deeper into the story maybe, but that's about all it's been about. Now I may have dumb it down a lot, but there are some some cool scenes and funny ...
Comedy is subjective based on who you ask about it. Mashle quite possibly embodies that statement as it throws everything it has on its comedic aspects whilst lacking in all the others. As such, the watcher’s enjoyment of the show in contingent to whether or not the comedy will hit right or whether it ends up cringey and miss miserably.. . The story of the series is the very epitome of mediocre and generic. Magic in itself is a very overused trope in not only the anime or manga mediums, but in all sci fi mediums in general. Mashle follows the usual shonen formulaic story progression where ...
Hell’s Paradise is a show that had very good potential but had an execution that felt lacking.. . It has an interesting premise that falls well within what is popular in Shonen series today. Though the story is very straightforward, its use of various religious references keeps it grounded in reality despite the presence of ethereal beings and supernatural abilities. However, the general premise of the story lacks a unique aspect that makes it stand out from the multitude of other dark shonens out there. To some extent, what you read in the synopsis is all that you get in the first season of the series. ...
The fourth season of Demon Slayer continues the trend of a single arc narrative, this time unfolding in the intriguing Swordsmith Village, a fresh setting for our beloved protagonist, Tanjiro Kamado, and his sister Nezuko. As with previous seasons, our main duo remains at the forefront, accompanied by a few compelling side-stories interwoven into the plot.. . Season 4 introduces some new characters but wisely centers on exploring the personalities we are already familiar with, yet not necessarily the ones we've grown accustomed to. Instead, we delve into the lives of characters who have lingered in the background, adding a delightful sense of discovery while maintaining the ...
---original lenguage: portuguese--- ---additional lenguage: English---. . English: Honestly the grade point average 6 is pretty accurate for this anime.. The anime is very controversial, as someone jumps from the fourth floor and no one finds it strange and among others. I liked the concept of isekai that doesn't necessarily have to die to travel to another world, the "powers" being able to function in "reality" is something even strange to assimilate, but the (isekai ojiisan) does something similar.. I don't have anything very relevant to comment on, so, fairly average anime and I certainly won't expect a sequel. anime 6/10. . PT - BR: Sinceramente a media de nota 6 é bastante ...
i love the premise. i was suprised by the plot twist at the end. i think the most memorable scene was between makoto his crush at the end. colorful focuses on too many characters, it ends up feeling flat as if we've only scratched the surface of who these people are. it kind of is a juxtaposition on one hand you want to tell that humans are very complex, they're colorful. with vibrant and dirty colors. and on the other you give every character a total screentime of 25 minutes. purapura, the brother and the dad could have been taken out of the film and ...
This was so boring.. . It seemed like the 12 episodes were twice that. It has the same isekai problem that you see everywhere by waiting to show any development of the main goal until the end of the show in the second half of the last episode.. . The delivery of speech is terrible for every male character. The female characters are definitely worthwhile, however, with his mom, Tart and Dia having a good dialogue in the VA making the most of it. His mom is definitely scatterbrained and a little bit off her rocker, but truly lovely. There was a nice comedic ring to what ...
My Happy Marriage is a romance that tries to do more than it can, while not doing either exactly well at the same time. However, that's not to say that there aren't things about it that I really enjoy. If you're just looking for a wholesome slow-burn and want to see a poorly-treated MC get justice for the way she was treated, you'd probably enjoy this series and that's fine!. . The characters are mostly pretty flat, with one or two words that can be used to describe each of them. None of them seem all that layered. The MC is sad and depressed and scared to ...
There is one big problem with this anime: no matter how you look at it, it shouldn't exist in its current form if it wants to be adequately understood or fulfil its purpose.. . The original manga may be polarizing for some yuri fans, but there's one quality to it: its narrative is developing slowly and majestically, like Ravel's Bolero. With the same unchanging rhythm and repeating undertones, it piles layer after layer upon the same narrative thread. And it does take its time to reach the climax properly.. . So, the problem is, with the standard cour and 12 episodes, the anime never had the chance to even ...
definitely a run-of-the-mill sports anime. There really isn't anything that separates Cheer Boys from the rest. That is not to say that it is not a good anime per se, probably just not my cup of tea. Frankly, I love sports animes, as they are one of the few genres of anime that I can watch and not get confused/have to rewatch to see everything. They are thoughtless animes, which is why they are so good for some viewers, you don't have to think when watching, all you have to do is enjoy.. . Cheer Boys was an anime that took me over 3 months to ...
The plot:. . The main protagonist and viewpoint character of The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten is Amane Fujimiya, a disorganized high school student who lives alone in his own apartment and prefers to stay unnoticed. He befriends the co-protagonist, Mahiru Shiina, a school idol admired for her looks and intelligence, who happens to live next door. The series mainly focuses on these two characters, but it also introduces a few supporting characters, including Itsuki Akasawa, Amane's good-natured classmate and best friend, and Itsuki's energetic girlfriend, Chitose Shirakawa. Yūta Kadowaki becomes Amane's friend and is seen as the male version of Mahiru. Additionally, Amane's parents, ...
I feel like this anime completely misdirected the audience. I'll try to keep it spoiler-free.. . Let's start with the trailer, the trailer makes it seem like a physcological thriller in the idol industry. The idea is pretty unique and you would think that it's true after the reception received after episode 1.. . Episode 1 was phenomenal, considering the twist at the end. The first half of the episode makes it look like a slice-of-life anime but it steers into a completely different genre in the end. This, along with Ai, was what made the reception great. Combine this with the animation quality [The stars in the ...
This is a show for the romance anime lovers, but not for many beyond that. There is definitely an oppertunity for viewers to relate to the characters if they have ever felt like a burden towards someone they loved or cared about. The sections of this review are written in order of their significance to the overall viewing experience.. . Characters: This anime focuses on its main duo (Natsukawa and Sajo), and most other characters appear to be used for gags or minor plot points. Despite this, there is potential for some characters to be expanded upon if given more screen time in future. The main duo ...
Talking about old anime is always a pain in the ass. Especially if nostalgia is involved or a certain show is highly regarded on a certain website. Not many people will actually watch something like ashita no joe and the ones that do are usually fans of 80's anime or weebs who are really passionate about sports anime. So of course the opinions are going to be biased, elevating the show to a legendary status and creating high expectations that will not be met for everyone.. . To be honest i dont really care if this is supposed to be the first masterpiece anime medium has produced. ...
---Original language: Portuguese--- ---Additional language: English---. . English: I would say that if you just want an anime to relax and that has a slightly "different" theme, this anime becomes perfect.. A farmer's isekai, say it's a style of anime that the viewer watches and then forgets, with no pretense of waiting for a second season and the like. Anyway, a comedy anime rarely pleases me, this one until it was average, other than that I have nothing to comment. Maybe the lack of conflict or action might be a problem for me, but that's not the focus of the anime. So, anime 6/10 in my honest opinion. . PT - BR: Diria ...
If Season 1's selling point was the action packed thrills and the anti-hero/villain that was Askeladd, then Season 2's appeal is the character development for Thorfinn and Canute after Askeladd's death (since that was severely lacking in Season 1). My main issue with Season 2 is the evolution being too rushed and drastic to be believable.. . Both Thorfinn and Canute had their fatherly figures killed by Askeladd (for Canute, both his biological father King Sweyn and his foster father Ragnar). Askeladd essentially acted as a mentor for both protagonists, especially after his death: Thorfinn transforms from a vengeful Viking with raging hormones into a peace loving ...
If Isekai Oji-san focused too much on the other world, then Edomae Elf is a show that focuses too much on slice-of-life interactions and none of the exciting aspects of the possible setting that the story enables.. . Edomae Elf has a solid foundation for a slice of life tinged with comedic undertones in the day-to-day interactions of Takamimi Shrine's Goddess, Elda, and her Miko, Koito. The interactions, reactions, voice acting, pacing, and delivery of certain comedic scenes are good. However, the story boxes itself in with too little variety in the types of scenes that Elda and Koito appear in. All of the side characters are ...
im not the type of person to have extremely detailed reviews with a good explanation, my. head is completely blank, so don’t question.. . . . story: ima be real right here, it was really confusing and made no sense, the whole time. i had no idea what the anime was about, she was literally time traveling n all. going. through the “wired.”. . overall the story gets no more than a 5-6.. ...
It's a cruel masterpiece and one of my favourites, though it has a pretty specific audience.. . Still phenomenal.. . I honestly didn't know what to expect, but I'm sure that was probably the point.. . The animation was amazing, it really worked with the story.. . Even though I wildly love it, I'm not sure if I can recommended Perfect Blue to most people.. . ...
Mood. Moody. Moodiness. This is a “different-from-other-girls,” quirky goth girl’s wet dream. Set in Victorian England, a dark depressed rich boy orphan and his relentlessly sexy demon butler take to detective work while not forgoing lessons in etiquette. This is Tim Burton's vision of a Sherlock Holmes Story; I was surprised Johnny Depp and Helen Bonham Carter didn't make a cameo. The characters have all the charm of the Addams Family, and the atmosphere is as rich as Bela Lugosi's Dracula films. Sophisticated sexy. Your guilty pleasure. One to watch on a rainy day. Did I mention it’s gothic and moody?
Worth a watch if you think more with your heart than your brain.. . Students must find a way to accept their past lives, or fulfill certain dreams, before they can move on from purgatory in the form of high school. If you can look past the extremely inconsistent world building, there are many heart-tugging moments here, as well as plenty of comedy, action, awesome - and powerful - music, and fun to be had. Great cast of characters, unfortunately many of them are (if you can forgive the on–the-nose expression) gone too soon. It’s beautiful to look at and will certainly stay with you. Worth a ...
I have seen every single movie and ova avaible of digimon and variating from some more good than others, i must say that i find all of them interesting to say the least and this was in a way i like to describe it maybe not good but neither bad instead rest in a gray area where hold this eerie and dark atmosphere and the way how starts off being pretty different from the rest ones arising many questions on the characters like Rhythm or our protagonist or the context on how everything ended up like this, still even then doesnt executate it well and ...
A girl wants to become a kind of virtual idol and is met with some hardships on her way. Luckily, she finds other idol-in-training friends at her school to help her overcome her struggles! I liked this anime because it was easy to watch and just gives you a good feeling. The different performed songs are really good overall. There is character development which I really appreciate and the animations are nice to look at. Do recommend for people who enjoy watching idol animes in general or for those who are looking for something cute to watch from time to time!
Plot: 7.75. - Chunibyo, 8th grader syndrome, or whatever you may want to call it. The MC is insufferable as the anime moves forward, Overpowered from ep 1 with little to no difficulty faced. No matter what situation or conflict arises, poster boy sings the same tune and saves everyone.. - The story overall is pretty good, lots of development shown by side characters, villains are interesting but have no time to develop because of peter pan reigning on their parades.. . Animation: 8.25. - Fight animation although repetitive is done very well.. - Choreography is amazing throughout.. - Heavy fan service, but otherwise character design is great.. . Voice ...
Man, I really should be more excited for Tokyo Mew Mew New than I turned out to be. The first half of it definitely wasn't bad, but it was still a far cry from being as good as the 2002 anime. Granted, the manga isn't exactly a masterpiece by any stretch, and I've explained as such in my own review for it, but I still enjoyed it for what it was. TMM New, to its credit, did try to differentiate itself from both the old anime and the manga with the changes that it made, some of which continued in this second half. But now ...
This anime is a combination of being amazing and absolutely terrible at the same time.. . Story - 3. . This anime sure has a crazy as hell story. Basically there’s this angel from the future named Dokuro trying to assassinate some kid named Sakura who will grow up to commit a bunch of crimes. So Dokuro absolutely obliterates the kid with a metal bat into an explosion of blood probably 50 times an episode, while still reviving him with some kind of magical spell thing. And then beating him to death again and again. Also with some more nonsense happening when Dokuro isn’t beating Sakura with a metal ...
The Devil is a Disappointment.. . This one really hurts. I, like many others, love the first season of The Devil is a Part-Timer. It was a genuinely funny and quirky breath of fresh air in the isekai/reverse isekai space with loveable characters and beautiful animation and it still is a classic standing on its merit. But I was sniffing a lot of copium during the first part of season two and my supplies have run out for part two so at some point during episode three I realised that I just don’t care about this series anymore.. . Of course, animation played a huge role in my ...
BAD ANIMATION GALORE!. . First of all: I did actually like the story. It was done thoughtfully and it made me look forward to the next episode. But what I didn't like was the animation itself. What did I not like? For example the eyes showing through the hair. Who in their right mind thought to themself that it's a good idea to draw the eyes THROUGH THE HAIR?!? That's not how hair works! And who thought "hmmm yes, drawing the eyes throught the hair is a nice idea. I think I will do that too" and now a lot of animes the same thing now. WHY? ...
Mieruko-chan presents itself as a horror-comedy anime, but it's not quite one or the other.. The plot is based on the fact that the protagonist is able to see monsters that no one else can see; but that's where the thing ends, nothing else happens in the story. Confronting these monsters is simply ignoring them even though you know they can't do anything harmful so to speak. The formula is repeated over and over again to the point of being tiresome.. In the field of humor, what humor? Basically fan service out of the blue. You are so calmly watching the anime and suddenly they put the ...
this anime was straight up boring on the first 3 episodes i dropped it alteasy 3 times and i just watched it on the morning as a time killer and turns out as a pretty good story. Not so much on the hook but it turned out really good. No more season 2 on this with that ending.. . Anyways this anime should be treated as a slice of life, time killer anime theres some really good bits and pieces of drama but in the end you will only see them on the later episodes. . Might be confused with one of those anime where they mmakesu watch an ...
no spoilers. the story is one of the best I ever watched although it might seem fast paced but definitely will leave you wondering and asking questions in real life ! , it sheds the light on the cruel reality of humans although some might see it as an extreme view but it has truth in it and at the same time it shows what makes humans special on earth and shows their beauty , totally worth more than 24 episodes .. . the characters development is also fast paced but really good , you can see the changing in look along with thoughts and actions , ...
for this anime it is similar to harry potter, it's just that it moves in a different groove. The academy's gothic feel is indicative of a true wizard academy. As for the story of this anime, you could say it's good 7/10, but there's still no clarity about the main character who is so mysterious (I haven't continued reading this LN). . The uniqueness of this series is the plot that makes the audience feel the atmosphere of a magic academy, like at Hogwarts (Maybe those who have watched Harry Potter are also aware of this).. . The main characters in this series can be said to ...
If you want to see new things you can not see in Suzume. It is like Kimi no Nawa in someways but also different. In Kimi no Nawa the story was good and it has good intro, development and result. But in Suzume even though it is a 240 min movie development of the story was insufficient. But I like it, may be some people don't. I could'nt feel the love between Souka and Suzume. I am sorry about Daijin. As a neko-chan, it want only a warm home. All kittens and cats in the world want that. I wish they can have.
Overview:. "Akuma no Riddle" definitely isn't your typical schoolgirls anime. After all, it's not every day you find one where nearly every major character is secretly an assassin, all of whom are targeting one of their classmates in order to have some kind of desire granted. Sadly, while it does provide a decent and entertaining action anime to sit through, "Akuma no Riddle" never even comes close to living up to the potential of its premise, making it an unfortunate yet all-too-common case of "what could have been.". . Story (5.5/10):. "Akuma no Riddle" is set at the fictional all-girls boarding school Myojo Academy, where 12 girls have recently ...
Running Out of Isekai Ideas.. . I don’t think there's ever been a title that sums up the state of the isekai genre better than Reborn as a Vending Machine, I Now Wander the Dungeon. A story about a nameless vending machine otaku getting hit by Truck-kun and getting reborn into a fantasy world as a vending machine. It’s a premise that you can only laugh at for its creative bankruptcy.. . Or so I thought, for I was kind of shocked at how interesting the premise became once it was put into context. How does a vending machine defend itself against monsters when it can’t move? How ...
This anime desperately wants to be greater than it is. Black Clover took the skeleton of greater shounen to build a copy/paste reimagining of stories already told. Starring Asta, the - you guessed it - quirky outcast hero with something to prove, in this case a desire to become wizard king in a world of magical knights. Virtually every shounen trope is featured here, and for that reason, if you loved Bleach, Naruto, and One Piece, you’ll likely enjoy Black Clover, as it offers pretty decent humor, cool characters, pump-you-up moments, and provides an interesting new world and power concept to explore. In it’s blatant ...
Blueballing champions return this year with another continuation of the daemon slayer series. Although "continuation" is kind of an exaggeration since large part of every episode is flashbacks, be it to character's past or past episodes. In reality this show has a format of a single battle stretching 2-3 episodes filled to the brim with fillers, flashbacks, repeats from last episode and regular old dawdle. It's so ridiculous that Dragon Ball Z feels rushed. Structure is so formulaic at some point episodes become predictable. Start with flashback from previous episode, intro, repeat parts of previous episode, do some of the action, then character stares into ...
The fact that Akira Oono is never say anything really put me off. Why would a highly intelligent girl such as Akira never say anything at all from episode 1 until the last episode? What is the-- author of this story-- need to make the character this way? What is the reason? Dramatic effect? It only make things superficial and one sided. Even a single word such as “hi” or “arigatou” never heard from her. It always facial expression and all the character near him say tremendously long sentence and long phrase, and sometimes it just represents her.. . No. I don’t need movie like this. Koharu ...
I was very bored while watching this spinoff.. . There is a reason KonoSuba is well regarded. The entire ensemble of the party.. . Kazuma, Aqua, Darkness, and Megumin. The show would be incomplete without one of them.... . They released a show with only 1 of the party members. And it was quite lazily done.. . . The Story: Megumin's Backstory. That is it. How she ended up in the big city. What she did. And YunYun as well.... ...
This is one of those I had on the ‘must watch’ list for years, and finally got around to it. The iyakishei genre is one of my favorite, and the opening scenes are breathtaking, the music is pleasant and everything about the town and the fields; the peaceful serenity of the everyday in the countryside of Japan is exactly a place you want to be. Non Non Biyori is one of the best known in this genre and is widely loved… So why after such a promising start do I think this show is so dull and overrated?. I’m basically going to complain about everything ...
This anime is quite short, but it's really well-paced and it's good at showing what's happening instead of telling. Well, for the most part. In the beginning of the special, there was a narrator announcing Chicchi as an office worker in some sort of solar system government district. We get no explanation on what this government system is or what it looks like, just that she works there and goes camping on weekends. I didn't need to know all that. What I get out of Chicchi as a character, is that she's a happy-go-lucky person who likes to travel to different worlds for vacation, and ...
It was an interesting experience which gave me an impulse to spend few hours prior to explore the background of this anime.. . For me this anime was quite relaxing in first few episodes, when there is this chakra opening music and cute woman's voice tells me something about spirit force and how their leader is such a cool lad. However when you finally understand what kind of people animated it and how it was irl then it gives you creeps.. . Also made me think why at first sight smart people like Seiichi Endo or Tsuchiya get involved in something like this and I came to conclusion ...
The concept of Kamikatsu is wonderful. It isn't executed in the best way, but it does make you question faith. If time is a concern, skip Kamikatsu. If it isn't and there is a craving for a new take on isekais and religion in general, this one is for you.. . The show begs the question: What is God? As I mentioned before, it may not execute the answer in the most sophisticated way possible or even in a way that won't offend a lot of people, but it is interesting nonetheless.. . The story is unique. Definitely kept me interested throughout the series. The art style ...
First thing I have to say, Einar is UNBEARABLE, man, what an insufferable person. Thorfinn has to act like a babysitter for him, seriously, he gets all worked up all the time and wants to pick fights with anyone in front of him, even though it's obvious he's going to lose. I don't know if he's just too childish or too dumb, but either way, it really annoys me about this work. Another thing, the anime is very slow-paced. There's a fight scene here and there, but right after those scenes, there's a 5-minute moral lesson. The characters evolve, the story is deep and all ...
tl;dr play the game, it's infinitely better, and maybe just maybe, come back to watch it later. . There are just two works in all media that have ever made me cry: Nier Automata (game) and Tengen Toppa. Nier Automata is my favorite game of all time; I even have it tattooed on my skin as a tribute. I truly love the Nier series, and I'll be honest, this anime adaptation is a HUGE disappointment.. . Aniplex is known for doing amazing work, and A-1 Studio has produced some good shows too, although others not so much. But the point is: WHY did they have to mess up the ...
So... I went into this one with so much hope but i really am disappointed.... . I really enjoy the 00's vibe on this but it's not "clicking" for me. After 3 eps the comedy seems pretty generic, the characters are nothing special, and the story is quite boring, if i'm being honest.. You'll probably enjoy this show if you are just getting into the genre but for someone that has watched a few of theses shows, it doesn't bring anything new to the table. Same characters, same jokes, similar storyline.. Also the voice actor of the MC just doesn't fit I don't know why, call me picky or ...
In a genre has been bereft of new stories due to not spawning many hits. It's nice not to have another attempt to capture the magic of Swordart online. The first thing that jumps out is that the heroine of the story is of an archetype rarely seen in anime.. . There is good quality of voice work and sound design, and the things done really well in the show are not the kind of things that make waves in the general anime community.. . The story would have benefited I think from more detailed backgrounds to aid with the world building. As the plot will ...
So, you know how whenever a black or LGBTQ character appears in a show or a game, the internet right wing likes to shout "political correctness is ruining our culture?". . Well, if you make them watch Tonikaku Kawaii, otherwise known as Fly Me to the Moon, they will probably not associate this show with the phrase "political correctness" at all. But to me, this anime is the ultimate epitome of political correctness, not just for anime culture but for middle class culture as a whole.. . Everything in this show shouts into your ear and burns into your mind about how wonderful marriage is, how the normalized ...
---Original language: Portuguese--- ---Additional language: English---. . English: In search of a new anime to watch I found the 2nd season of this anime, I went to see the first one and I was disappointed to be a lover of isekai and not have watched this work.Sensational anime open to speculation and criticism.. That was the anime I noticed the soundtrack was good, my only complaint is that it's too loud, but that was a point until good, in most anime almost the soundtrack goes unnoticed by my ears. The protagonist doesn't leave much to be desired, but that makes his death debatable, seriously that he died in such ...
unlike most romcoms i have watched, i really dont know what to say for this one as the episodes were repetitive and lack common sense. now i do understand that mie-san forgetting her glasses is literally the name of the show, it is quite frustrating to see mie-san CONSTANTLY forgetting her glasses throughout the episiodes. as a person who wears glasses myself, the episodes were rather "stupid" because if you know you are so forgetful about your glasses, shouldn't you be doing something about it like setting an alarm?. . yet, i still enjoyed the series a bit so far since the art was very clean and ...
The show looks good, but i found it boring.. After 5 episodes i'm not really that interested so i'm dropping it.. Still i recommend watching it as if you like the themes and like watching stuff multiple times to understand it you might enjoy it more than me.. . I personally don't like phylosophical stuff so that might be one of the reasons.. The characters for now are weird like the rest of the show.. . The story is a bit confusing as well. It reminds me of evangelion, same weird scenes and moments, feels a bit random at times, and i don't feel like watching youtube videos ...
I can’t even begin to understand why this show doesn’t touch me that much at all. It has all the right elements from the get-go with a relationship-related theme absolutely relevant for someone like me and the consistency to carry that theme out in a multitude of storytelling approaches utilizing its format as an episodic story to its maximum advantage. Plenty of facets regarding connection are laid out in every episode. But still, despite it being my cup of tea, why do I not find it beyond the realm of “alright” and “just good”?. . If I were to describe what I feel, it would be that ...
Lyrical Nanoha ViVid is probably going to be one of the more difficult shows I'll have written a review for lately. It's not the series' fault, as it genuinely does try to stay on-topic with what it presents and progress reasonably. The issue is that the series feels way too ambivalent to commit to anything at times, as well as a few other issues. Unfortunately, Nanoha is no longer the series it was when it started; Nanoha herself actually barely appears outside a few seasons, and even Vivio fails to get any significant amount of spotlight. You can forget Fate and Hayate too, Fate appearing ...
Jobless Reincarnation has so much potential to be a great show. Unfortunately, the writers don't seem to realize that you can have a great story with AMAZING characters without sex being involved as much as it is. I'll try to keep this as spoiler-free as possible for those considering giving it a watch, and I'll try my best to come up with pros to go along with the big cons. *Apologies for the long review, there's just a lot to compliment and complain/warn about. ;-;*. . __PROS:__. ---STORY/WORLDBUILDING - The concept is awesome. It's the first Isekai I've watched where the MC retains consciousness after complete rebirth and ...
I feel this show would be a lot more enjoyable if not for the most hard to understand main girl I have ever seen. Usually my complaints about characters in a romance anime stem from the mc, since they tend to be really annoying when it comes to actually confessing. The mc in this show, however, is actually kind of alright. For once he isn’t in the wrong.. . The main girl, Natsukawa, had been persistently followed by our main guy, who would constantly profess his love for her, until one day, after a close encounter with a football, our mc decides that actually it’s lame ...
When I first watched this movie, it was very confusing to me. I am familiar with movies like this such as Inception, so I knew what I was getting into. It took me three times to watch the movie to fully understand what was happening. Dreams bleeding into reality. If you watch it one time you probably will not understand what's happening. But if you truly do what to understand this movie I recommend watching it at least two times. Other than the story, the animation is beautiful with bright colors that have a dark undertone. The Soundtrack blends perfectly with the visuals. All together ...
Honestly I eat up reincarnated into a villainess all day everyday and it really doesnt take that much for me to enjoy them, they're just one of those things you end up watching/reading not knowing why while having a few gems here and there that are actually great and original.. . This anime is even worse than mediocre, since it's a reincarnation anime the MC is already, personality wise, perfect, to be expected nothing wrong with that but that's why usually you'd want the character development to lie else where, that is non existent, shes perfect in personality, leadership, hell even combat after a single lesson??. . The ...
---Original language: Potuguese--- ---Additional language: English---. . English: When I watched this anime I thought it would be totally generic, with a "hero" and "demon king", but it honestly caught my attention for running away from the "standard" good or egocentric king, the proper king not knowing of its existence makes things more curious. The anime features a lot of "Time-skip" that pleases me even, because it does not give the feeling of bad unfolding of the story. I feel like a sequel with more to explore the past is a good one. But besides that there is not much to stand out, besides the protagonist being good, my note ...
As an no-life isekai enjoyer, if you:. - like isekai,. - enjoys isekai. - and. have time to watch it.. Then watch it. MIXED FEELINGS because, I don't think it would be worth for some especially when 'I' feel like the story's pacing, or at least in this adaptation isn't quite right or enjoyable. I kind of hate it when the information are rushed in the last few episodes where you are forced to process these details(maybe I'm stupid), I'll end up with 'what just happened?'. Especially at the ending where cases like, "the problem is solved, the end", "I'll give you a minute or two ...
When it aired, I was only 10 years old, but I had already read the manga series and owned all the volumes. I didn't have any doubts about the transition from manga to anime; I was excited to see it come to life. Decades later, rewatching it in its entirety, the ending theme brought back memories, and I felt a wave of nostalgia. I used to hold a tape recorder close to the TV speaker to record and listen to it repeatedly.. . This anime, which predates Initial D by over 10 years, was the only manga at the time that portrayed the allure of cars. The ...
It's a good movie, but considering how much I was looking forward to watch it, it was a very underwhelming experience.. The main reason why I wanted to watch it was because of the concept. The idea of a city growing infinitely and the characters having to stop its growth was something I had never seen tried in anything and I'm always a fan of giving a crazy idea a chance. I had also heard that the Blame! manga was one of the best, if the best manga ever made, so I really watched this movie expecting something memorable.. Then I watched and my ...
---Original language: Portuguese--- ---Additional language: English---. . English: I recently discovered part 2 of this anime and honestly guess it was better than part one.. Something that had bothered me a lot was the bad explanation of the past, I still wonder if it was a good idea to have left it for part 2. Anyway, this drama and portrayal of the war gave me a good feeling I don't know why, this ending was until good. The descent of our protagonists correspond to our wills which makes it in my view good, for sharing ideals. The anime is good to pass the time and I don't know if there will ...
"Bleach" was unlucky to come out when there are many alternative Shounen that are all like two identical drops of water.. . There are a lot of interesting characters in Bleach, funny dramatic ones, the characters die there, it's still frankly a teenage title, but he has iron balls in terms of acting dramaturgy... but this is mainstream, now all shounen will look like this.. . I read manga as a teenager and I'm glad the anime came out, but I'm honest with you there's nothing special about it.. . the art style is good, but not more, the animation is acceptable, but I know what can be better. . the music is ...
Rating: 6. This would have done just as good if it was a live-action anime since they drop all what makes, anime - anime.. . If you read the manga and watched the anime, this is a completely different story. Where the anime and manga are able to present to us all characters equally, the movie lacks and presents most characters in a hollow way.. . Music is fine but many times it was awkardly silent to make the anime seem like a real basketball game. They are playing a championship, yet there is a lack of background sound/music plus there is ZERO cheering which makes it seem ...
I honestly do not like the song at all, there's something about the percussion that gives me a headache and everything feels choppy, compressed, and over-mixed. However, the music video itself is wonderful, it reminds me of old children's books. It's a shame that such a pretty video is attached to this song. I'd recommend watching the video with the song muted, but if that ruins the experience for you then I'd say don't watch it at all.. . uhhhh ok so the site wants me to add more stuff, uhhh "Do you think the art style is fitting for the story?" No, it's not, again I ...
New Game is an amusing enough slice of life work-com that I'm admittedly a bit biased toward because I do 3D modeling ostensibly in the game industry for a living, so the accurate background details showing 3D modeling and texturing were right up my alley. There are some good game industry culture bits, like the airsoft guns in the office reminding me of many a nerf battle, but unless you're really invested in game development it's otherwise just a pretty okay slice of life gag series.. . The characters are fun and I enjoyed their interactions, but truthfully not a lot actually happens. Most episodes are pretty ...
The story and characters are interesting, knowing that I enjoy playing the game.. . However, the anime itself is horrible.. . The animation overall and the animation of the characters in particular is more like a step motion animation: it's horrible.. . The colours and overall quality are horrible, it seems as if this is a fan made anime to be honest and not even a student project.. . The flow of the story also seems little bit rushed as if something is omitted alrhough honestly can't recall the story in the game very well.. . This deserves to be remade hopefully ...but I can see it being adapted into a Korean ...
"Saikano: Another Love Song" is an anime that really tugs at your heartstrings. It takes you on a rollercoaster of emotions as you follow Chise and Shuji's journey through the devastation of war and the challenges of their relationship.. . The art and music in the anime are just beautiful and add so much depth to the story. You can't help but get emotionally invested in the characters and their struggles, and the way they develop throughout the series is truly captivating.. . I have to warn you though, this anime is not for the faint of heart. It can be really heavy and intense at times, and it's ...
Spoiler Free Animé Review:. . → Story:. . The story kicks off with a young high-school student named Futaro Uesugi, who is essentially a closed-off, antisocial bookworm that earns perfect scores on all his schoolwork and is essentially an ace student. In addition, Futaro loves studying in his free time, and one day he decided to sit at his usual spot at the lunch table to study, only for a certain girl to sit there with him. This sounds like the ideal prodigy life that anyone would want............except that he's broke and his family is in debt. However, one day, Futaro's dad calls Futaro and offers him some ...
Kaminaki Sekai no Kamisama Katsudou is an odd show. It's also accidentally a little bit topical following the assassination of Shinzo Abe, seeing as its central idea revolves around modern marketing/pop-psych and cult formation (but it's an isekai so obviously godly magic powers are real).. . It is a "pull ideas out of a hat" show that drew some interesting themes but fell short on being able to stitch them together properly. We got the standard "realistic" cynical hero, the power of friendship, the gratuitous smut (which despite being driven through the story like lead in a pencil it still feels oddly forced most ...
Agree To this argument: Basically, this second season was a big filler.. . There is no progression whatsoever. This season was most of its time some random stuffs and CGDCT (cute girls doing cute things) - except the very last episodes, which had some little drama/tension because of a cliche uninteresting antogonist.. . If you are into "nothingness", CGDCT and if you don´t mind no progression at all in a sequel, then you might want to give the second season a chance. Otherwise you might end up dissapointed. The thrill/excitement you felt in season 1 you probably won´t find much in this season.. . Don´t take me wrong, it´s nice seeing ...
Regrets come in many forms. One may anticipate something that would never come, some anguish on things that have been done, some still wallow over opportunities lost, and if you are like me, finished Mai-Hime.. . Mai-Hime is one of the best magical shows ever made but I am someone who wholeheartedly cannot recommend it for a simple enough reason: IT HAS ONE OF THE SHITTIEST ENDINGS FOR AN ANIME EVER.. . I do not wish to spoil it to anyone but it felt like eating on a table, when promised a full-course meal of a lifetime and there you are consuming wonderful meals that kept surprising you ...
It was not mind blowing, but for a show that I though would be too predictable for my liking, it did surprise me at times. I would watch the second season only if it got more interesting. The mangaka of these kinds of anime do not tend to make such exhilarating turns of events or impossible sacrifices. Sacrifices so unprecedented it feels as though we are watching history be written in real time. On the other hand, the point of this story is to be comedic and educational. It did a great job in that aspect. What we remember long after we have finished journeying ...
I can't tell after watching 6 episodes of this anime that what the hell is it trying to explain with the story.. It have potential to be one the good anime this season but its getting bad with each episode seriously.. . •Storyline:- so the storyline goes like this there is a girl wants to be a singer and gets rejected again again and again her mom calls her back to home and give limitum to decide what to do this is the basic overview and how the story goes.But main problem with the story comes now,. Literally many people can think of a story that how will it ...
The girl I like forgot her glasses is about a guy in middle school who sit next to his crush, who ends up forgetting or breaking her glasses nearly every day and needs the main character (can’t remember his name) to get through the day at school.. The main issue is the main character, the way he acts in every situation is something that distracts from the plot of the story.. There’s also no focus on any characters besides the main two. Four episodes in and the only reoccurring characters are barely given any screen time or anything resembling a personality.. It’s not all bad though, it’s ...
If you enjoyed the first season of mushoku tensei due to its amazing direction, seamless storyboards, consistent and fluid animation, fleshed out characters, and sakugas, you might not want to go into season 2 with the same expectations. Aside from sakugas, everything about the production took a nosedive into Orsted's Front Wyrmgate.. . Art style change was okay. A little inferior compared to the season 1 in my opinion, but the character movements are inconsistent, janky, and embossed. The characters doesn't even blend well into the background due to the thick outlines and color grading, pulling me out of immersion. We also got lazy camera panning ...
Best Part about the show: Has One Piece vibes. Gather a crew, a ship, finding the One Piece, and a lot of small and big Bad guys.. Do not judge the show by its first few episodes. I watched the first 2 episodes and left the series, when the second season was released I decided to give this series another try as I was looking for any shonen to watch. The show gradually gets better and more enjoyable, there are some cringe moments and fanservice is there but ignoring all that the show is good. I would suggest watching this when bored and cannot find anything ...
I remember watching this anime when I was a little girl; or, more correctly, I remember watching this with my mum, who still fondly remembers the Italian opening (which is much better than the original one). I didn't remember much more than that, and I knew that Sapphire was the proto-Oscar from Versailles no Bara, so I was very curious to re-approach this anime. Indeed it's very dated and it fails to engage, but I can imagine that it must have been quite original in its premise for the time, and some themes or details even step into moral ambiguity or some kind of social ...
Turn out better than I thought, not just a mid comedy fantasy anime. . This anime is just the good amount of happiness, brain dead comedy, action, and drama. So if you're looking for a time killer, or a background anime to watch without paying much attention, or anime where you don't want to think much, this one is for you.. . This is a pretty mid comedy fantasy slice of life anime. If you've seen one of these type of anime before, for example: Irruma kun, dragon maid, etc., then those are better for this type of anime and this anime will pale in comparison, and I would ...
Story: The plot is basic, its about a boy named Shiraishi, who struggles in being noticed by people to the point he's invisible, but his life is slowly turned around by Kubo-san who is the only one (excluding her sister and cousin) who can see him, thus developing a friendship/romantic relationship throughout the anime. I'd say that the anime isn't that memorable compared to most animes I've watched like ngl, I easily forgot how the first episode went until the later episodes. There isn't really anything special about it besides the basic wholesomeness that isn't really heartfelt.. . Animation: The animation is very good, I love how ...
Coming this close after Taming the Last Boss, comparisons will no doubt be abundant. Compared to last boss it's a bid more grounded, less focused on zany schemes and more focus on subtle politicking, and I think the pacing is better here where Last Boss sometimes crammed what felt like an entire arc in an episode or two. Raeliana gets off to a great start with a great first episode that really has some great political intrigue and scheming and when the show does stick to the courtly power games it's a lot of fun, but sadly the interest just doesn't stay high the entire ...
Read the manga or light novel instead.. . This anime was such an injustice to the manga/light novel. I watched this series simply having read the manga already and... the way they just skipped over things/rushed things just to get to that event in the last episode was very upsetting. A lot of anime omit things too, but this was just ridiculous. There were a few comedic moments but honestly, this whole thing felt like they tried to squeeze at least 2 or more seasons into 1.. . At the beginning, I was under the impression that they were rushing things to get the protagonist up to ...
Don't get me wrong, this anime is truly trash but it's trash close to my heart.. . Some have given Knight's and Magic poor marks for its lackluster characters and character development, or its bland uninteresting world-building, but who cares about those things when you have fantasy mechs? What, you like good stories with meaningful characters and well-thought-out plots? No, that can't be right when we have mechs.. . This really is all this anime is about, just cool mechs fighting monsters and other mechs while children drive them. Ernesti, our reincarnated girly-boy is a fairly basic isekai protag, a former programmer and otaku who finds themselves ...
Cyberpunk edgerunners is an anime intended primarily for people who are hooked on gangs, shootouts, etc. So generally action cinema. If we add to this the strong emotions that emanate from the main characters and allow them to move forward, as well as the omnipresent hallmarks of future technology, I think we will come out just this anime in all its glory. So it's impossible to say unequivocally that everyone will like this type, however, it is unique and quite unconventional in its own way, which undoubtedly sets it apart from other shooter anime.. . Before we go any further please answer the following three questions in ...
As a gamer I was hoping for a little more to do with the game...if not that then a little more to do with the romance. We got some good romance just not enough I felt. Its a good show, it'll keep you entertained but it felt a little more slice of life than romantic or game based. The game part was more of a means to get the story started that's about it, nothing really happens with it afterwards. Characters were good, and the art was really nice. I think I'm having a hard time giving it a 7 but I'll rounded to a ...
This is my second full exposure to a Gundam series--the first being Gundam Build Fighters--though I'd consider this to be my first 'main' Gundam series as, after all, this is a condensed version of the series that started it all. For true Gundam fans, the original series is a must-watch.. . But I'm not sure if these movies warrant such praise. In fact, this film felt like a horrible way to introduce yourself to Gundam's core story. The first hour is pretty confusing: yes, you clearly understand that this is a war between the forces of good and evil. Yet, characters aren't fleshed out enough for the ...
It's just a quick pep talk from "Iron Fist" Ketil towards his men, who are awaiting the arrival of Canute and his army. The short scene immediately follows the ending of episode 18, to fit the standard TV run time, they obviously had to cut corners and exclude this little scene from the anime.. . It's not necessarily a "must see", I think everything understood the importance of what was to come, though it's only 90 seconds, so if you're a big Vinland Saga fan or a completionist, it'll only take a little of your time. The OST is very good as is usually the case ...
Gosenzo-sama Banbanzai! heavily relies on its comedic appeal to engage viewers, featuring limited animation and heavy amounts of dialogue that is more akin to a screenplay than a typical anime. The series executes its animated segments well and features character designs that complement the overall tone. However, viewers who do not find the humor to their liking may not find much else to enjoy. Gosenzo-sama Banbanzai! caters specifically to a particular audience, and those who do not fit that demographic may want to explore other options. Ultimately, the series will likely be well-received by its target audience, but may leave others scratching their heads.
Why do I do this? I recently covered Ghost Hound, a title I found very hard to review, and here I am writing about Paranoia Agent, an anime that I find even harder to talk about. Sigh. . Mousou Dairinin is a series that works way more on a conceptual level than at its execution, and it’s also the definition of a series for an acquired taste, as its writing is not very good for the hardest to please most critical viewers, and its narrative is almost unapproachable for a casual audience that just wants to have a good time. Also, being a work with Satoshi Kon ...
The short of it for why I stopped watching, is the main premise of the show gave it a quirky start, but became overbearing to the point that it was no longer interesting.. . Premise is girl who is enjoying her personal life with games, chocolate and spending time with her pet cat, gets "chosen" by a magical being to lose her favourite things in favor of finding romance possibilities with multiple real world guys. Main character is avidly against this being forced upon her and fights against whatever the magical character concocts and the execution of the show itself is a good one! But as I ...
Visuals are fine. Yet i dont know how to feel about budget since half of the op is previous ep. It can be good, maybe.. I realy did not laugh at the comedy nor i get sad about anything. It has the feeling of an OP MC... which can be good if they lean on comedy or epic part. But this anime is trying to be comedy which is not a good choice for a zombie anime. How are they going to make an 12 ep around zombie comedy?. I don't know the manga if it has one nor idc.(not a big manga reader.) I ...
I really like the " ToHeart" franchise but half of this was just fanservice … i don't even remember what the plot was however i can remember that their was a bunch of anime girls fighting with a ton of shots of their panties and that was basically it.. . There isn't much else for me to say.. the episodes were only short and their is only like 7 episodes but if your into the " Toheart anime girls moaning and having their skirts blown upwards from the wind revealing their panties i guess this would be perfect for you and you could probably get through it ...
The movie feels like a series of short stories forcibly strung together with unrelated characters. I expect that there is some abstract meaning to it, but it was not obvious to me as an average moviegoer. The protagonist, while not very vocal, is unusually perceptive and somehow recognizes those seemingly unrelated characters and matches them with actual people he knows, which always turn out to be correct guesses. In the abrupt end, I was filled with more questions about the motivations and aftermath of what happened to the sub characters. Unlike the other Ghibli films that teaches a moral or converses a message, I didn't ...
Devil is a Part-Timer itself is an okay story. I'm no active manga reader so I can't talk about whether or not the anime adaptation is any better or any worse. It's a comedy/fantasy with a hint of slice-of-life and surprisingly kind-of-but-maybe-not-so-accurate biblical accuracy that made me genuinely curious enough to research the mythological references on multiple occasions. That being said, the story is simple and easy-to-follow, allowing a casual viewing experience and rewarding you for not taking it so seriously.. . The characters are funny and the demon dudes are quick to retort with simple-but-effective comebacks to make the angel gals blush up and pout. It's ...
I’ve seen a fair share of romance anime and generally content centered around some kind of gimmick. The usage of a gimmick is fine as a sort of introduction or preliminary tool to lead to character interaction and maybe develop a unique relationship. This anime chooses something unique but it feels like it’s doomed to destroy any potential in the story by how stupid it is, the female lead constantly finds a way to forget her glasses even with extreme visual impairment. Thus, leading the involvement of the main character into her life, using it as a stepping stone to get closer with his crush. ...
Here comes another installment of Baki, a series known for its intense gore and wtf moments. If you've been a fan of the characters so far, you might somewhat enjoy this season too, but there's a problem.. . The issue lies in the fact that the Pickle arc contributes nothing significant to the actual storyline of the Baki universe. We've already had three seasons of Baki (excluding the older Grappler Baki seasons), all building up to the legendary fight between father and son. The last season, in particular, set the stage for this epic showdown, with Baki defeating the second-strongest man on the planet, leaving only Yujiro ...
Liar Liar is one of the most aggressively mid shows that I've seen so far. If you're easy to please, like me, you'll definitely get enjoyment out of it, but a lot of viewers might have to squeeze the enjoyment out instead... which, why would you do that when you can just watch something good? Once again, I'm very easy to please, so a few of the things I'll say are good might just be average to most people; just keep in mind that this review, like all others, is subjective.. . The good:. - The opening bangs, like really hard.. - The visuals are quite good, in my ...
If you are looking for a show that is Yuri as described in many places across the internet, you'll be disappointed to see that all you get is a yandere. Why did I feel it was necessary to note first? Well, show isn't worth an awful lot outside of that fact. That's probably the most important part.. . The whole thing seemed like a really washed out soap opera to me, just with magic. The amount of drama/conflict that exists in this show is completely ridiculous and none of it has any sort of real relevance to the rest of the show. It just shows up when ...
Objectively bad,. . The whole premise of the show revolves around, the main (background) character, being invisible.. It ridiculously stupid, i mean, seriously its really stupid, maybe if the setting was in some fictional world with idk magic power or something like that.. Personally i found this "main point" being nothing but a hassle.. The "invisibility" is basically made as an excuse to why the love interest a.k.a the cutie would even dare to look at our MC.. She basically got the power to actually spot the guy, and she is basically the only one capable of that,. so she is intrigued by him and his superpower or super curse.. It ...
It's an okay 'side-anime' that you can watch for funs on the side and wind down. MC and Supporting characters are basic 1-dimensional with no real character development or progression. MC has the IQ of a young teen maybe, although teens these days would be way more efficient in the grind to becoming OP. He's OP but doesn't really apply anything well?. . It's essentially a very watered-down 'Arifureta' straight up. Super watered-down, diluted beyond comprehension, to the point where each episode can be summarized in a 4-5 panel slideshow (very generous number here).. . Can be enjoyable if you don't really want to focus or think ...
I love isekai and I'm not ashamed about it. I also love OP MCs who trample all opposition with ease. Not ashamed about that either. Fantasy? Yep, love that shit. Harems? You bet. High school? Uh....no actually that one I'll pass on. With so many boxes checked I was ready to really enjoy this, but a very weak ending and supreme loss of focus doomed it to the pile of middling anime that never get second seasons.. . Iseleve is simultaneously too short and too long; on one hand it's the typical "season one is actually just the prologue and nothing beyond the rise-to-power arc will happen" ...
I was really looking forward to this anime, especially since it was so positively received by the anime community on TikTok, but unfortunately it falls short in critical areas, namely: pacing, storytelling, and the overall anime direction.. . I'm a big fan of the manga. That being said, I'm not usually one to tout the source material to say it's always better than the adaptation. In many cases, I actually prefer the anime over the manga because there are certain scenes that are just better animated, like fight scenes which can get pretty confusing in black and white panels. Animes also have the unique opportunity to fix ...
I thought at the beginning of the show that it was going to be something heartwarming and give you a good romance. However, this is a typical romance anime with a weird male horny main character. How can you be so turned on about everything.. . They can't be serious about her forgetting her goddamn glasses every episode.... Even by anime standards, the plot is dull.. . On a positive note, the art style and character design actually looks pretty good. Even that tracking shot in the first episode I didn't find too bad. It was just unusual.. . I won't continue watching the anime because it's too boring ...
Putting a bunch of ordinary high schoolers in extreme situations in hopes to break the egg’s shell and forcibly scoop out the dwellers within them is nothing new in fiction. Kokoro Connect decides to be quite meta about it, so with all this, I should excuse the incessant shouting from the characters like it’s a competition of being the loudest person in the world. They definitely should be a mile radius away from any voice-amplifying devices.. . Every episode is expectedly filled with drama from a slice-of-life story with a twist embodied by Heartseed’s (whose origins were never elaborate in the slightest) interference on their everyday lives, ...
If this were developed by another studio i might give Hell's Paradise a slightly better grade, but with so much potential and hype from one of the best studios out there, this one fell flat. The story itself is decent but the characters were largely uninteresting to me, nearly every character is one-note, you can give as many sad backstories or struggles with society but its hard to care when all you see is a bunch of generic character outlines.. The premise of a man who has known only death from birth, finding out what it means to be human on his journey to return ...
I'm fed up with this kind of bullshit.. I would say the same about Kono Oto Tomare.. I've read both the manga, the story and drama aspects are good, but I hate thuggery in the music world, and besides that would never exist in the real world. Even the sports-themed Haikyuu is far better than this, which is where there should be an element of thuggery.. . What I mean by thuggery is, where there are a lot of side characters from another group music showing hostility, with annoyingly designed facial expressions (those like dark shading on the upper face, with those threatening stares and smiles - ...
Disclaimer: Although I don’t think I include any spoilers that would ruin the experience, I do talk about the aspects of the show that usually confuse viewers the most, by describing several of it plot points in perhaps more details than a first time watcher would want. For a short opinion, it is not the easiest watch and it has a lot of issues particularly near the end, but it is a worth watching show as long as you are in the proper mood for it.. . Shinreigari: Ghost Hound is one of the most ambitious anime I have watched in my life, not for being ...
Despite having potential on telling a story from point of view of inanimate object with human soul, story execution is simply bad. Dialogs and plot looks like targeted at preschool audience. A lot of uninteresting chit-chat about vending machines, foods, gamey isekai mechanics, etc.. . The way it goes is stupid. If we ignore for a second conveniently superhuman strength girl that carries MC around, we talking about 500kg of steel that can dispense water and food. Even if later it become more handy and useful, it is still ridiculous to take this thing with you on any journey on foot. I fail to see any logic ...
I want to preface this by saying I have not read the manga but as is clear from this review have seen the anime. I cannot state whether or not it's a faithful adaptation.. . It's a fairly well made story and it has a lot of incredibly interesting and dynamic characters. I absolutely loved Nanato Mukaidou as a character. He was the epitome of a father doing everything for his family and honestly reminded me of all the good parts of my own dad. It was incredibly cathartic and his arc is truly beautiful.. . There's definitely some issues when it comes to the main character however- ...
THIS REVIEW ENCOMPASSES BOTH MUGEN TRAIN AND ENTERTAINMENT DISTRICT ARCS. . The first season of Deamon slayer wasn't perfect, nevertheless, I can understand where the popularity emerges from. It was a complete season without any setups for the future. So the expectations for the sequel were pretty low: slightly improvement of the story, characters, world building: nothing over the top. I also expected drastic improvement in visual, given people's praises to ufotable. Although, the initial expectations were mild, plenty awards and community love had given a hope that some enormous leap would happen in the movie or next season.. . The biggest change is the quality of CG: the ...
Is it just me or do they not exactly clarify what they do for a living?. . Maybe I forgot, because I started watching this anime last year and only now finished watching it. But it feels like everything they do is just vague, "Did you file that paper?" or "I have a presentation with client." stuff most anime do, trying to make it look like they do something.. . Anyway, THAT bit aside, this anime is just OK. The height joked got old after the first episode, so the rest of the show wasn't left with anything else. There are no exciting encounters, no fan service, setting is ...
The anime adaptation only gets worse with each season/episode sadly.. Studio Bones excludes so SO many details and even original scenes, and it's so sad how they are not doing the manga justice because, sincerely, I consider the Bsd manga a masterpiece. They don't convey the original story as it is( for example, they didn't make Fukuzawa smile when he reunited with Rampo; they also didn't portay the true emotion when Atsushi reunited with Kunikida; they didn't include the scene when Atushi helped Autagawa walk in the corridor and so many other things were not included).. I don't know, but... it's a shame that the manga and ...
I have never been this type of person. The one to say, " Read the manga." Mostly because I didn't really read enough manga. However, after watching this show, I really wanted to read the manga so know what happens next. Well, after catching up with the manga, I had to re-score this adaptation. Like they really didn't do the manga justice at all. I believe season one covers the first 15 chapters but there is only like four chapters worth of information in this anime. I wouldn't be made except that this whole anime was rushed. ...
Story make less sense with each minute. Motivations for every main character degrade into simple unsubstantiated desires with no foundation or realistic reason. Their problems are so bizarre that you can't seriously empathize with anyone. Even if you can accept that main characters actions can be fueled by fear of revealing their true intentions or deeds, when moment arrives and reasons are revealed subsequent MC actions does not make much sense for generic human being. And if you take this new found knowledge and apply it retroactively to actions of some characters it make even less sense.. . It is obvious from S1 that MC is in ...
Atelier Thighza.. . Atelier Ryza: Ever Darkness & the Secret Hideout The Animation adapts the JRPG of the same name—a slice-of-life sim with adventuring elements boosting an in-depth alchemy system used for crafting items. I’ve never played the games myself, but from what I’ve heard from people I know who have played them they’re pretty chill JRPG experiences. That can be said for the anime too. A very chill experience… and that's the anime’s biggest problem.. . Focusing on the positives, the anime is very pretty. There’s a lot of really lovely animation, background artwork and thighs… Jesus Christ in heaven above, those juicy thighs…. When I and ...
This show doesn't fuck around. After Covid killed the entire adult population, a shadowy cabal of vampires emerged from the hollow earth, took over the world and enslaved the surviving children. These children are raised like cattle, because the vampires need to consume adrenochrome to prolong their unnatural life. Our hero and his family only barely get by because one of them serves as a plaything for a rich pedo. All of this happens in the first five minutes. The best way to sum it up would be with a quote by Jonathan Frakes "This story is based". As you can probably imagine by the ...
Don’t make the mistake of going in expecting a typical zombie apocalypse. Just like Highschool of the Dead before it, it is not really a psychological horror type of show, as it is a comical power fantasy. The first episode exists solely to make you root for a guy who is finding joy in billions of innocent people dying horribly, just so he doesn’t have to go to work. In the alternative reality of this show, it’s easier to skip work if there are zombies in the streets, than it is resigning from your job.. . Anyways, this is a comedy about the silly antics of a ...
Season 3 is the first 'mixed bag' of Overlord, which started to have cracks and becoming mundane, without the thrill we'd been used to.. . The first aspect where the problems started to show themselves is the World Building. The presentation and implementation of the Bamaruth Empire was pretty much flawless as worthy of Overlord, but other aspects and certainly power levels began to radiate minor inconsistencies.. . The problem transmitted to the Plot as well, but it wasn't its most garish aspect. Most of the 13 episodes were centered around Characters who we do not really care about, or who were either stationary or not in danger. While ...
If you ever have to make a remake of a classic series, the least you can do is to make it better than the earlier version. The 90s version of Rurouni Kenshin may have had its issues, but it was top shonen material for its time and had amazing music score. The current version has neither; its early episodes come off as a generic shonen and the music is largely forgettable, making it a series very few bother to watch.. . There are many reasons for that, the most obvious ones being it is airing along with an extremely popular show such as Mushoku Tensei, an ...
Cat's eye started strong but couldn't maintain the same quality after the first couple episodes, ultimately it isn't a bad show. it has some decent ideas but they are badly executed. Keep in mind that this is an old anime from the 80's.. . Plot armor is always present to protect our three protagonists whenever they're stuck in a hard pinch, Deus ex Machina mechanics are used there to amplify & cover up any mistake done by the Cat's eye group.. It's quite similar to the Lupin series, although the goals are completely different from each other. Cat's group steal back their dads collection which contains paintings, jewelry ...
Mobile Suit Gundam: The Witch from Mercury Season 2 is the continuation of our complicated "romantic" tale between Suletta and Miorine. I put romantic in quotation marks because this series isn't really about our two protagonists. It's not really about the mechs either. Or the science fiction. Or drama, even. It's got some good elements, but it feels like doesn't really have an identity at times. I'll assume you've seen season 1 for the purposes of this review.. . Story: We last left Miorine who was desperately trying to save her father after the colony came under massive attack. In ...
I'm conflicted on how I feel about this. To be upfront, this season is good. For one thing, this season definitely pandered to me in almost completely removing the worst character in anime history (Zenitsu). For another, it provided some world-building and character-deepening in the way of the making of swords and Tanjiro's memories. And another thing, it switched up the sudden empathy given to demons before they died and instead gave time to evoke empathy for the "good" guys. All that said, I feel overall like I enjoyed the show, but still wanted something more.. . Do I really need to say anything about the animation? ...
Hikari no ou has as one of his biggest points of interest and strenghts the world-building and everything related to the settings, the premise is interesting but as im going to mention later there are many reasons why in general terms the series didnt live up to my expectations (and maybe to many others spectators) even with doing right many things.. . Although the complexity of the story in not enormous, is does feel like that due to an poor direction and writting, the narration and chuncks of information about the world that serve as explanation about something along the episodes accompained with transitions very erratics with ...
This anime essentially retells the story of Cinderella set in the Meiji era with a twist: a poorly abused girl caught in the midst of familial power struggles based upon supernatural abilities. Here are some parallels to the old folklore:. . - Evil stepmother and half sister: check. - Protagonist lost her parents when she was young (her so-called father turns a blind eye whenever the evil stepmother abuses her so he might as well be pronounced dead): check. - Protagonist does all the housework and is reduced to a status equivalent to that of a maid: check. - Protagonist's fiancé buys clothes/hair accessories for her to do a total ...
Watching first and second episodes are very boring but then it becomes very funny and enjoying. When watching sometimes it becomes boring and you just want to skip there but except that i think it's very good anime but last episodes lose the fluency again.. . Character developments are good and you will feel it when you start watching the new episodes.. . Story is good but don't wait so uniqe things it's basic.. . If you love romantic animes you will probably like it but if you watching it because you can't find any interesting anime that you like in your genre you will not like it probably.
There are a ton of problems that this show has, just like how they skipped a lot of the story and used the narrator to just say the things that happened in between the time skips, there is also the fact that the show did not bother to explain the reason for how and why the MC was reincarnated in this world in the first place and another personal problem for me is how the MC just took over someone's body but the parents did not give a single crap about how they're son just started acting like a different person and accepted it without ...
I didn't know what to think of Appare-Ranman! in the beginning. True, with P.A. Works there tends to be a mixed bag on the shows that they have worked on. Beautiful animation,good to fantastic storytelling, characters that you can invest in, music(not so much). Appare-Ranman! is not a bad anime by any design, do I wish it was better in certain aspects instead of it turning into an episode of twists and turns trying to find the big bad? Yes, of course. Given the time period that this anime is set in, I can appreciate the realism of how characters of different backgrounds were treated ...
Alright, so Vinland Saga has a pretty cool storyline, the animation is on point, and the soundtrack is okay. It didn't totally blow my mind, though, at least not in this first season. I liked it, but it didn't go above and beyond, you know?. . The characters are well-built, and each one's got a good reason for the choices they make, which adds a nice touch to the anime, even though I kinda hold a grudge against Thorfinn. And let me tell ya, the overall story is pretty darn sad, there's not a single moment where you're all like, "Yay, go character!" or pumped up for ...
Story. If the purpose of Serial Experiments Lain is to get your mind whirling, it succeeds. If its purpose is to get you thinking, not so much. This anime is a hit-or-miss philosophical cesspool that could either captivate or disgust. It’s like swallowing a series of shots that burn your throat and make you either drunkenly euphoric or nauseous.. . At the time, Serial Experiments Lain was covering ground few had covered before, and people were hailing the work as the turn-of-the-21st-century version of 1984. Now, more than ten years later, one could look at Lain and call it even more relevant. As it ponders the consequences of ...
The Movie tells the period of the first 2 episodes of the anime, but from Asunas point of view.. . Well it is SAO. What do you expect. It is a bit generic, but also it's a source for a lot of pop culture, references and we all probably watched SAO as one of our first 10 animes or something around that.. . The Animation is 100 times better than the original, but the constantly crying, bitching and drama that all could be resolved with a single sentence is a bit too obnoxious for my taste. That said I know it will get a bit better in the future, ...
When I read the manga I already found this work frankly annoying, but rediscovering it through this anime I realize that it's a real waste of potential.. . What I really don't like about it is the humor, which is really badly handled. The gags are really repetitive, badly paced and sometimes you don't even get where the joke is. The most annoying thing is the habit of having Mash do something grotesque, and then having a character who's observing him point out how grotesque it is by describing precisely what he's just done. For example, let's say Mash breaks down a door as he enters a ...
In fact, this OVA is, like this anime, rather boring.. . I completely understand that this universe and these characters can be so appreciated by the public, but personally I found this part rather slow and frankly the pace suffers quite a bit since the events take far too long to move forward for my taste, to the point where we quickly lose interest in what's going on.. Admittedly, there are some twists in the plot and some battles, but they're clearly not well-paced, animated or narrated enough to get me back into the story. From the very first episodes, I was hooked and never managed to get ...
If you're considering watching this anime, it's essential to keep in mind that it falls more into the category of mid-season filler rather than a mainstream anime title. Therefore, it's best not to have high expectations for it. Instead, view it as a show to watch when you have some free time on your hands. While it may not reach the level of popular or highly acclaimed series, it can still be a decent choice for casual entertainment. . *STRENGTH*. 1. Now there are many Isekai animes where OP MCs are common phenomenon but this Anime is among the very few that balances the power given to ...
Title: "Elfen Lied: A Bloody Mess of Hype and Fanservice". . Review:. "Elfen Lied" - the anime that bafflingly rose to stardom with all the subtlety of a chainsaw massacre. As I ventured into this seemingly haunting horror tale, I was met with a heady mix of bloodshed and bizarre fanservice that left me scratching my head. Is it horror? Is it a goofy comedy? Well, it's both, and that's just the beginning of the wild ride.. . From the get-go, "Elfen Lied" flaunts its violent side with abandon, spraying blood and dismembered limbs all over the place. It's like watching Barbie dolls in a gory ballet. But while the ...
Konosuba: Still Waiting For A Season 3, as someone who really enjoyed Konosuba seasons 1 & 2 and really enjoyed the Konosuba movie, I had high hopes going into this series, and while I wasn’t too disappointed, it wasn’t great either.. . Megumin, to me, is simply not an interesting enough character to get her own show, and the same applies for every other character in the main cast, except I guess Kazuma, but the point I’m trying to make is that the thing holding these characters together. The reason Konosuba is so damn good is because they are the glue that holds each other ...
So, its a fairly simple show, type of story has been done before, just has its own spin to make it original. really wanted to like it because its not a bad story, but I'm struggling to get through it. when the main char is not being a complete tool, its not to bad. he has moments of clarity that gives you some hope that its salvageable, but then it drops the ball. its a constant roller coaster of, yea lets drop this, to its alright.. . I'm really an open minded person and try to see the good where most people don't, there's plenty ...
Really expected a lot more from this considering how good the first batch of episodes were. The action scenes were much less gripping. The characters' stupidity spoiled many action scenes. Their stupidity was on par with slow reacting characters in a horror movie who could easily avoid death but don't move and save themselves. Still, I found myself continuing to watch the series due to my trust in the series. I trusted it would get better the next 12 episodes, and it truly did. Avid JJBA fans (which I am not an avid one) would still enjoy the full series, its humor, and characters.
I do not know what it is about this show, but after every episode, I feel the urge to cry into a pillow, no matter what happens in said episode. This show makes me feel emotions I didn't even know I had. I started crying, getting irritated, pissed off, and happy at the weirdest times. Like, specific episodes, I loved, and other episodes I didn't even understand why I continued to watch it. Like, it has taken me over 3 months to watch up to 9 episodes because I know that once I watch it, I will literally have to lay on my bed and ...
Since there's a new Indiana Jones movie out, I figure now is the perfect time to do some anime archeology! Today, we're going to be examining the very first giant Super Robot anime that was produced in full color. Astroganger the anime was released in October of 1972 and beat Mazinger Z's anime adaptation to Japanese television screens by 2 months. The first super robot anime was Tetsujin 28 but that was in black and white like most all anime from the 1960s.. . Astroganger was produced by Studio Knack, who is mostly remembered today for their less than stellar anime projects. The same writer, director, animators, ...
Rating: 6/10. This predictable anime full of sweetness but also frustration. While the anime showcases adorable interactions between its two protagonists, the romance element leaves much to be desired. The lack of significant romantic development throughout the season can be a letdown for those seeking for deeper connections between the characters.. . And speaking of the characters, Kubo's portrayal feels one-dimensional, lacking the depth needed to make her truly stand out. Her sole purpose seems to revolve around following Shiraishi, leaving her with little individuality or distinct traits. Similarly, Shiraishi's character seems to be dull and boring, which stays consistent and unchanging from start of finish. Additionally, his ...
A visibly very beautiful anime. Its audiovisual aspects are undeniably very well done. Very cool and attractive kind of post-apocalyptic setting but unfortunately it is stopped by a very confusing and unexciting script.. . First of all, I'm not someone who had access to the original material, I never played the adapted game, so this anime was my first contact with the universe of Nier Automata and right away I saw a huge potential for entertainment, but throughout this season the script was making the anime extremely tiring. It was hard to stay motivated, even more so with all the Staff problems that this anime ended up ...
I might have people dislike this comment but I just going to speak my opinion. The animation and story really lured me into this anime. I did see the international film on Netflix which had it all together I suppose. I didn't really like the narration. It really got boring; I thought it was going to be like a film not just someone speaking about their life story. It really got boring for 8 minutes, so I dropped it. I felt really disappointed on how it led up. I was going to see it with my friends, but it just got boring for them too. ...
Finally watched one of the most famous anime movies of all time, was a little skeptical. at first but it turned out well not perfect!. At first glimpse this movie seems normal until the midpoint & obviously it gets messy!. . Apart from two characters all other characters are kinda pointless, even I should say only one character is important the other one gets relevant at the end.the stalker could have done a lot more but unfortunately he didn’t.The second half was not so great as people think it is,it’s hard to follow not only that but it does not fully explain the motives of the ...
SO just finished this anime havent read manga so what im writing is all about anime. basically first episode maybe looks long but i give credit to production team for making introduction and basics of story in one intresting episode than making it in 5 episodes. first 3 episodes are good and you are in story getting to enjoy it but suddenly you find yourself in filler till episode 6-7 then you are back in hype of story then another filler comes in that make it little boring then episode 11 was amazing . about VA its amazing everyone has such an amazing and fit ...
Title: Corpse Party: Tortured Souls - A Nightmarish Descent into Darkness. . Corpse Party: Tortured Souls - Bougyakusareta Tamashii no Jukyou delivers a nightmarish journey akin to a harrowing horror movie. Trapped and isolated, the characters face gruesome deaths while hope fades away in the chilling atmosphere of Heavenly Host Elementary School.. . The series wastes no time plunging viewers into a visceral and intense experience. The violence and gore are unrelenting, pushing the boundaries of discomfort and testing the stomachs of even the bravest viewers. The graphic and haunting deaths add to the sense of hopelessness, leaving no room for happiness or respite.. . Despite the short runtime, Corpse Party ...
For the life of me I don’t understand how this has an average score of 8. Thorfinn, while he needed to grow and evolve as a character, did not need to convert into a monk/priest to become a good man. He just becomes a boring character not worth watching or investing in. After season one I was excited to watch this next season. After watching this last season I couldn’t care less about the next one. The only positive note I can give is that at least the animation itself was quite nice. Mappa always does a great job as usual.
Watching this anime is like going to a very expensive high-end restaurant, ordering super delicious meals, only to wait for 2 hours while watching every other table next to you get delivered the same meals. You see the waiter approach, hoping for 'This time, it's mine!' only to watch the meal go to a table that ordered after you.. . After 2 hours, the meal finally arrives, but it consists of small portions, leaving you hungry. The whole anime, except maybe the last arc, revolves around the protagonist taking 2 steps forward and 3 steps back, or sometimes 5 steps forward and 6 steps back, constantly. While ...
"Happy Sugar Life" weaves a tale of intrigue with its blend of beauty and darkness, but falls short of reaching its full potential, earning a modest 6/10 rating in my books.. . The anime starts off with a striking protagonist, Satou Matsuzaka, whose beauty and innocence captivate the audience. However, as the story unfolds, it takes a turn into the macabre, revealing a darker side to her character. While the initial setup is promising, the plot becomes somewhat predictable as it progresses, missing the mark on delivering truly unexpected twists.. . The animation and artwork are undoubtedly stunning, especially in capturing the stark contrast between the vibrant, colorful world ...
Overall, the show has good action and is relatively funny. It is over the top and fun for a while but trends towards becoming predictable.. . On further reflection, I feel this show is actually supposed to be satire. The main character is a NEET ("Not in Education, Employment, or Training"), he is an extraoridanry indivitual, does not get recongnized for his potential, other people get credit for his accomplishments, his superior are less compentent then himself, so on and so fourth. Do you have a similar sentiments regarding the situation in your own life? You better be as amazing as One-Punch Man otherwise, get a job.. . The ...
This anime is an absolute train wreck.. . Its the typical, omg im super weak but I have this OP skill that makes me a literal God after an episode. The waifu's are all one dimensional and it seems like 90% of the creativity went to making their designs.(which are honestly the only good thing about this anime.). . It has a MC who struggles to rub his two brain cells together, but can use basic deductive reasoning to solve easy problems. The MC has the intelligence of a small child and can come up with genius plans such as: Take an enemy he was one-shotting before, and make ...
This is a great show that I feel threw away its entire plot in the last 2 minutes of the final episode. Like they've ended the season PERFECTLY, then the writer couldn't control themselves and had to keep writing and wrote the story from a Your Name level of perfect ending to one that is just sadistic, evil, needlessly cliff hangery and lacking in confidence.. . It just feels like they had so little confidence that people will come back for season 2 that they decided to write one of the most contrived and unnecessary endings in and ruined a beautiful story from the heart into ...
Dark Gathering is an anime that makes me switch from hating it to loving it and vice versa about twenty times per episode. It caught my attention because I thought it was Toilet Bound Hanako Kun without romance, but this doesn't hold a candle to the charisma and uniqueness of most new-gen anime. In short, if you want to watch the show for the animation, the characters of the story, forget about it. The only part I would recommend is the horror of it all, which will be first thing that will be discussed.. . Horror 2/10. Hang on, didn't I just recommend this show for the horror? ...
The stories they investigate are always well structured and are developed at a good pace, setting the anime apart from others in the investigative genre.. The main characters, at least in this first season, didn't get much depth, so it's kind of complicated to comment on their design, but it's easy to say that they are all at least interesting.. It's cool to comment that the series is a spin-off of the television series Kamen Rider, which is a Japanese media classic.. I really liked the style of animation they delivered, as it was well done and synthesized the overall content of the anime very well.
The music is fine but gets repetitive and overused, especially in the latter half.. The art style is very formulaic in the sense that no specific scene will stand out or stick with you visually.. The character growth is the only plus because it's satisfying to watch some of them grow even if it's very predictable.. . In all honesty, it's ok. The only thing really holding this anime back is the pacing and the fluff. There are a couple of episodes where it just feels unnecessary to the overall plot and a couple of times where a specific scene or scenario is slowed down to show ...
This title is not bad, I watched only the first season, I don't want to continue watching. The anime has a lot of references to various creative figures, quotes from books and their titles, of course I'm glad that the writer is literary oriented and I like the variety of these references, but the story is a bit long, after watching some episodes you feel their filler, the plot tropes are interesting within the framework of anime of this time. As a result, I recommend it to everyone, the anime really stands out from the other hundreds, but with some nuances.
Right off the bat,this a very standard and average fantasy anime,no overly heavy story,a lot of fanservice and very straightforward.. . Have you ever heard or seen an anime where the seemingly OP MC goes into school being the most overpowered being in there ? Yeah,this is exactly the same.MC is an ex-hero who already killed the demon king and save everyone,having completed his mission, seemingly "lost his power",he plans to start over again,as a "normal" human,making friends, enjoying his life after losing his hero power despite the fact that he can pretty much one shot every single students there.. . . What i like is the fact that most ...
Anime adaptations that attempt to capture the essence and depth of the story and characters of a video game nearly always end up failing in doing the source material justice, unfortunately. This is because adapting such an intricate and interactive medium like video games–which typically have multiple branching paths and endings based on player choices and actions as well–into a linear narrative and with the need to condense a lengthy gaming experience into a handful of episodes, may as well be likened to the adversity of defying causality itself. It inevitably leads to a rushed storyline, lack of characterization and cast development, the omission of ...
Seems like it was written by an ai.. Also, the art style is very ai looking.. . For example, The way the mc kept reffering to his older sister in episode 3, saying 'That big sis', was so unnatural.. The show is eerily not human at points.. The conversations which seem to have meaning just go back and forth taking 4 times as much to say something without actually saying anything.. . Although it does have the outline of a semi-interesting plot, it's just so weird.. I think the reason I haven't just dropped it is because of how wierd it is, I just want to see if it will start making ...
Title: Erased (Boku Dake Inai Machi) - A Disappointing Mystery Drama. . Erased, also known as Boku Dake Inai Machi, presents an intriguing premise of time travel to prevent tragedies and a murder mystery intertwined with the protagonist's personal life. Unfortunately, the anime falls short in delivering a compelling story due to a myriad of issues, particularly with its characters and numerous plot holes.. . The concept of time travel and altering events is not unique to Erased, but the problem lies in its randomness. Instead of using time travel to develop the characters, the narrative often changes direction abruptly, leaving viewers feeling disconnected. While this approach does create ...
This anime is interesting. Eventually, there comes the revelations of the characters' secrets. It is full of twists and turns, and how this game shows the unmasking of characters' real selves are great. It would make those who watch stop and think about the possible things that might happen to the characters and it's actually so exciting. This is recommended for people who enjoys watching mysterious and smart main characters and those people who love watching characters that outsmarts each other. Moreover, watching how this friendship game ends is also interesting as well as more secrets that are to be revealed.
Trigger Studio is forbidden to give any creative freedom... rather, they are good animators with a great sense of taste and color, but they are mediocre storytellers, or rather all they can do is copy from other titles of their own and others.. . I'm surprised at what level of audience trust they have, it's fantastic, they can make any mediocre feces and everything comes off with them.. . the characters there are assholes, but I don't have a problem with that if it was well written, the characters can be bad guys, but I can't stand bad plot characters, poorly written and those who get away with everything.. . maybe ...
"Life is like a boxing match between a man and a god. Except the man forgot his gloves and the god is on a coffee break." - Every spectator in that arena with some common sense. . Hello, fellow anime aficionados! Let's step into the ring with Shuumatsu no Walküre II Part 2, where men and gods are supposed to duke it out for the ultimate title of pardon with dreams of mercy. But alas, this season feels more like a slapstick comedy than the epic battle we were promised. It's not a total knockout, a very disappointing 5. It's like expecting a heavyweight title fight and ...
PT-BR:. Deixarei claro que essa minha visão sobre o anime pode ter sido causado por um erro meu, enfim, anime interessante até. se você tiver um certo nivel de empatia até que consegue ficar triste com o final, mas como sou um pouco apático me sai bem. Sinto que houve muitos furos na história e coisas mal explicadas, pode até haver alguma parte ue eu desconheça ou continuação, porem sinto que poderiam ter aproveitado mais alguns personagens. esse anime tambem me passou uma sensação de rapidez nos episodios que até no momento nenhum outro anime tinha passado. Na minha visão o anime merece mais porm dou 6/10. . English:. I'll make it ...
The writing and plot is very predictable and brings nothing new or exciting to the table for me. The visuals are clearly the highlight of this movie. The characters have the bare minimum of depth, however the writing doesn't convince me to care about them too much as their characterization is cliché at best (which can be expected from anime, superficial archetypes are just not my thing). If you are one to enjoy typical anime archetypes and a conventional, simplistic narrative, you will probably enjoy Promare. Definitely a good movie to put on whilst working on something else, to serve as background noise and pleasing ...
The opening scene shows such amazing color and depiction. It's not 3D detail, obviously, but the depth of it virtually screams "look at me." Then there is is everything else - the city and the trains all in the measure at which things pass.. . And then, you add the characters. So much for maintaining any sort of positive balance. I feel it was ruined at that point.. . First and foremost, their appearance is completely opposite of how amazing everything else is. The rain is supposed to be metaphorical and they play off of it with everything that can fix it. They are ugly characters. The color and ...
Admittedly I wasn’t aware this was a prologue/introduction for an anime (which has only just been announced as of writing this), so I was a bit confused by the methodical pace when watching. After all, Fake was apparently an April Fools’ joke that was made real, so I was expecting a little cheeky hour-long animation of that and that’s it. But this felt like it was taking itself as an actual story seriously, which I think is (ironically) a funny way to present jokes like this.. . However, I was admittedly confused at everything that was going on. Almost everyone speaks verbosely, terms are thrown ...
The average anime I encountered was quite disappointing, sharing similarities with "Rent a Girlfriend" in terms of its pitiable main character. In stark contrast, "Re:Zero" surpasses it by a thousandfold, offering a delightful array of endearing characters. However, this particular anime lacks such appealing characters.. . If you're interested in time travel-themed anime, I recommend giving "Summertime Render" a try; it's far better than the one in question. Even though I haven't read the manga myself, a friend of mine did, and they also found it uninteresting.. . The main issue with this anime lies in its repetitive storytelling. Each arc and plot seem to follow the same pattern, ...
This show (whose name is too long to write ;) ) was surprisingly better than I first expected. It's interesting because I actually find that there are a few aspects which I enjoy and would rate a 7/8 but are held back by a few pretty bad elements resulting in a 6. Another thing is that, to me, the quality and enjoyment differed drastically from episode to episode with some feeling great and others bad, a trend which is also seen with basically every element of the show.... Animation/Style: 7.5/10 (CGI 3/10). I personally really enjoyed the art direction of the show as many environments are quite ...
The 2nd season of JJK is a major flashback. I don't have problem with that. But what I dislike in this season is the directing, especially the "there's a flashback within flashback". In episode 3 alone, there are already 3 different flashbacks 😅 which all of them are better to be included in the previous episodes.. . I watch JJK for fight scene only, so I don't really expect a masterpiece kind of story. And yes, the fight scenes are cool. But I prefer the artwork of the first season than this one. It's darker and more fitting to the theme. The most interesting characters in this ...
This anime is just another isekai anime you,"the side anime", straight forward story,thin plot and lighthearted,no thrilling conflict,we just seeing a dude living his life in another world with his OP skill.. . The story is about yet another overworked man that feeling tired of his life and getting reincarnated into another world and ofc... it's not a 2020's isekai anime without some OP skill.He start as a weak person(happened a lot,not even special in the slightest) but then thanks to seemingly OP skill he can defeat a fcking king kong in the next episode so yeah basic "weak at first ,killing machine later" type of MC.. . . The ...
This Anime is basically The secret love child of Classroom of The Elite and Tomodachi Game and most certainly, this love child was dropped on its head when it was born. . The Anime basically takes place on Academy Island and there is a system with stars that defines your rank but the MC who has the most stars actually has only 1 star but has 7 stars at the same time. The anime is essentially is built of the fact that the MC has a Star that allows him to deceive people and make them think he's some bigshot when he's just a normal person ...
I feel as though I'm in the minority here as I didn't enjoy this series as much as others, to this day I dont understand why this anime has such an overwhelmingly positive reception, the vast majority of reviews giving this a 10. I dont know maybe its just me. But allow me to speak for the minority here.. . Hunter x Hunter (hxh) follows the story of Gon as he tries to find his father by becoming a hunter in order to look for him. Hunters are these sort of people who 'hunt', that's the best way to put it, they hunt many things such a ...
I really like the concept of the anime. The plot was a story about a boy named Yukito who kinda got isekai'd into a world without Gods and Religions, no spiritual elements of life at all. He made that wish after being sacrificed to the gods by his own father's cult. Growing up without a will in his own life, as though he is dead, being nothing more than his father's puppet. Groomed into one day taking in his father's footsteps as the cult's leader.. . He never got to actually live his life, so when he got isekai'd, that's when life finally began for him. Unfortunately ...
Record of Ragnarok is an anime series that takes viewers on a thrilling journey through epic battles between gods and humans. The show seamlessly blends mythology, action, and hype, leaving audiences at the edge of their seats.. . The storyline is undeniably captivating, showcasing epic duels between deities and formidable human fighters. The build-up to these battles is brilliantly executed, with each character's backstory and motivations adding depth and meaning to the clashes. This aspect of the anime truly makes it a compelling watch for fans of action-packed storytelling.. . Furthermore, the concept of having mythical gods pitted against human champions in a grand tournament is a breath of ...
Studio GoHands ruined “Sukinako ga Megane wo Wasureta”. . The manga is about two innocent, awkward, somewhat goofy middle school kids. Komura-kun is polite, eager, and unsure of himself. Mie-san is both airheaded and serious. Looks-wise, neither stand out, but they’re cute enough too be noticed. He quickly falls for her, and her feelings for him grow slowly as the two of them spend time together and connect through awkwardly cute moments. You can almost believe that this near blind girl could forget her glasses—not because she’s stupid, but because she’s quirky-cute and has her head in the clouds.. . The anime is about a boy who is ...
The new Rurouni Kenshin anime is the attempt to adapt the manga more faithfully by being completely accurate to the events in the manga. While that may sound like the most important thing an adaptation can do, it ultimately misses the point in my eyes.. The plot of Rurouni Kenshin is… simple, especially in the beginning. It’s mostly episodic stuff with one-note villains doing one-note bad stuff and the protagonist saving the day at the end in a deus ex machina like fashion. What made the Rurouni Kenshin manga work despite its shallow plot is the expressive main characters, the comedy and the fights, and in ...
The story delved into unique bonds & personal growths between the characters, each true to their personas. While a wholesome plot overall there were a lot of clue's for bigger events & growths that would have added to the storyline that season 1 either rushed or didn't expand on. Storyline was slow at first yet had a very quick ending during last couple of episodes which may disappoint. Needs a season 2 in order for overall rating to rise higher and answer unfinished questions/leads they were going for.. . While "furry" is in other reviews, keep in mind this is a wholesome and authentic bond between ...
I understand your frustration with the current state of the anime "Kanojo, Okarishimasu" and its lack of plot development in the third season. It's disappointing when a series fails to evolve and instead feels like a prolonged imitation of previous seasons.. . As an adaptation, it's expected for the anime to bring its own style to the story while remaining faithful to the source material. Unfortunately, it seems that the lack of significant decisions or transformations from the main cast in the third season has made it difficult for you to enjoy the show.. . The balance between comedy and realistic drama can be crucial for the overall appeal ...
I'll try to be brief. I haven't read the source material, so I don't know how the plot will develop further. Therefore, I have no hope for the storyline to transform into a better, more interesting direction. Moreover, I've heard that it has been in stagnation for quite some time. But we're not talking about the source material; we're discussing the third season of the adaptation.. . Honestly, I don't care anymore. The second season was just a dragged-out imitation of the first one, and these three episodes have only reinforced my belief that there won't be any significant decisions or transformations from the main cast of ...
The fifth and final season of Shokugeki no Souma is arguably the worst season. Even though it has some positives, it has plenty more negatives. The main thing this season has going for it is that it's the final one and that is has a good ending.. . The story is one where the cast is now in their second year. It starts off with some standard cooking battles/contests that are reasonably enjoyable. However the anime introduces a new antagonist who wants to marry Erina for no discernible reason. I want to stress this point, no reason is given for his obsession with Erina. However from ...
I would like to write a review on this one, because this is something I have never watched before.. It is an episodic anime with only one main character named Ginko. And this guy is studying creatures called Mushi and is travelling the world, for a specific reason that you will come to know when watching, interacting with them, and trying to help humans on the way. These creatures live in the same world as humans, but they are not like them nor like animals or trees. But with the interaction with humans, sometimes good or bad things will happen. And Ginko always try to contribute ...
The Dangers in My Heart was a really great watch if you've heard great things about it but want to go in with a healthy sense of skepticism. That's how I started off this series and I was definitely on the fence in the first two episodes, but by episode three I was very much hooked.. . The beginning shows the main character, Ichikawa, to be having some really dark, brooding thoughts, but it becomes obvious very soon that he's just an edge-lord. What I came to really enjoy about this anime was just how accurately it portrays middle school (well, at least personality-wise). Everyone is ...
If you are already a fan of Junji Itou's work, you might notice how accurate these two episodes are to chapter 1 of the book Tomie #1. Most of the points I'm giving on the rating are because of this.. . If you are unfamiliar with Junji Ito's other work or have never read anything by him, I think there is a chance you might enjoy this anime. However, it might not be very clear to some viewers without more context. I think it's rare to find someone unfamiliar with Tomie, mainly because of the 1998 movie.. . I was not too fond of this special for many ...
Not like another anime, It has unique elements but also has flaws on several sides. Adaptation with the episode, which I feel is lacking, there are a number of gaps where the plot is incomplete. Enjoy it, of course, but there are a number of things that are forced so that it reduces the beauty of the anime itself.. . The main character is really very reliable unlike high school kids in general and this is getting weirder, are high school kids in Japan that smart? Of course not because all of that is just an adjustment.. . The woman who is the main character also has the right ...
So the new season of Jutsu brutchu is out and the only thing I see, is people making memes about Gojo. I can’t blame them when he constantly steals the show whenever he appears. In fact, this time he is the main character. He used to steal the spotlight, now he owns the spotlight and nobody can take it away from him, because he ended up being the only thing people are watching the show for.. . And if you wonder why is this an issue when most fighting shonen are doing the same thing, it’s because it happened very fast. Dragonball needed hundreds of episodes ...
As somebody who has never watched Gundam before I thought it was a cute kid's show about robots, now I have PTSD and I'm scared of mega mart. Definitely a great watch however as all the characters have a lot of thought put into them and none of them feel empty. The music was also very good nothing life-changing but it's definitely not a disappointment. Gundam designs are great I love the look of the more slimmed-down Gundam style compared to the OG Gundam style.. . The prologue starts off really good with an interesting and engrossing story concept that seems like it's going to be very ...
I like the ASMR and stuff but the anime itself is something I wouldn't watch when I'm bored. I decided to drop this series because of boredom. If you like ASMR and anime without too many plots this is for you. I wouldn't judge you for liking this sort of stuff, but it isn't for me to get entertained in my opinion. The art-style and animation are just outstanding to be honest. The audio is 10/10 of course because its ASMR. The anime also as-well shows characters using the microphone which tends to be really cool as-well so I would give props for the ...
I had watched rent a girlfriend wanting more and couldn't even wait for a season 2 but then I noticed how crappy and stretched out was the source material. I stopped watching it though. I do love season 1 on how the pacing, the music, the art and animation put into this anime. The art style was a bit bland but really decent at the same time watching it. The story was very great in season 1. Dub and sub were equally great together. The humor was great as-well. The background didn't match the astetic feel of romance and drama. It felt really pale like ...
I don't really know what to say about this series. The first word was "wait...", and the second a "bro". And the third one was "what". Because I'm slowly day by day understanding what is going on with the industry of japanese cartoons (yes I said the cursed word). If you picture the path from 10 years onwards, we had a full turn to romcoms and the "guess-who-the-self-inserted-MC. -will-end-up-even-though-it-is-obvious-from-day-one-but-you-will-watch-it-anyway"; which is fine to be honest. It was fine to me not because of its obvious outcome, but because of the whole way to this outcome. The funny situations, the lovey situations generated by those funny ...
Words bubble up like soda pop was such a unique movie on its art-style. The voice acting for the dub was not really good, sub was way better. The music was outstanding of course but pacing wise was a bit too rushed. I did love the idea of others having insecurities. The pacing felt rushed by the ending and middle. The animation was decent and there is really nothing to say but it's okay. The art style and the story didn't really mix in well for a romance and drama though. I will recommend it to people who just want to see it ...
My TOP 3 issues with this season would be:. 1. New animation.. 2. Writing of this season.. 3. OP & END song choices.. . I love a good OP & END theme but for an anime that's about demons and angels fighting a war in the human realm, I find the opening title sequence to be anticlimactic. It doesn't grab my attention and it looks like something from a magical girl anime rather than a fantasy/comedy.. . The animation style changed along with the company and don't get me wrong, I don't like it. But it does bare more of a resemblance to the manga art style, it's just too ...
Well, that was pretty cool.. . I don't usually place my foot inside 80s or 90s anime, mostly because they're very open-ended, usually unfinished stories made to showcase a team, or a glimpse into a world. I've heard about other ones, and watched the Devilman OVA's, which ended in the year 2000. Again, my problems with what I've heard on other ones extend to here. It's an incomplete thing.. . For a story, you just get a stereotype of characters that have an adventure that couples well with their skills and introductions. You have the pure brains, the brawn, and the equilibrium of both in three characters that live ...
Outrageously plain… no really.. . The show is about as generic as a fantasy isekai gets, whilst retaining most of the good qualities from the genre.. . It holds up well visually and the characters are designed perfectly well which allows for some immersion at least. The characters looking good is about it though, as there is almost 0 character development or interesting traits outside of cutesy young girls that enjoy food and hunting little prey.. . The show starts almost exactly how you would expect, come on guys, get a little bit creative. Most shows in the genre do it better and put a little more of a unique ...
There's nothing more misleading than this animes synopsis and profile image. To summarise,. The club is C-rated version of Oregairu's humanitarian club where they helped other people and got back favours (Here favours are mandatory, oregairu had a 'with the flow' kinda thing). . The personalities are original as in completely different from oregairu MC's but too much used in the anime world. . Plotlines; I haven't read the light novel but In the anime it sure was forced. eg. The arcs are completely 19th century typical shounen manga ones but they had to force some dark themes(nsfw) and it's not that they added it to give a wider view on ...
Good but both your name and weathering with you are better. Music is good but is worse than in your name and weathering with you and isn't used as well. Romance was present but was much less of it than in shinkais other recent films. Pretty much just inferior to both other movies. Is worth watching for those that enjoyed his other films but is definitely worse. Has very similar plot to his other 2 recent films and its just gotten worse the 3rd time around. His other recent films just seem to do everything better. Souta seemed like an interesting character, would have been ...
This anime isn’t ‘brilliant’ no it actually sucks, but that’s what’s so brilliant about it. Makes sense? Yeah just like the show.. . Don’t watch this show with any expectations and definitely don’t focus on the plot or story because there aren’t ones. All the unanswered questions about the Nerv organization, Adam, the Evas and their purpose, who the angels actually are, what Seele is, what Shinji’s father is planning, the purpose of all that they’re fighting for, WHAT are they even fighting for, who and what is the second impact—none of it matters, literally NONE of these plot points and world building tools matter ...
At this point it hardly comes as a surprise that Rurouni Kenshin is getting a new adaptation. Considering how Bleach is back, City Hunter is back, Black Butler is going to be back, Spice and Wolf is going to be back, Panty and Stocking will be back, and now Kenshin. Why is it then that there is still no news about either High School DxD and No Game no Life. Why is it particularly these two?. . Well anyway, For those of you who are oriented with the original, you know what it is more than my meagre words can express. For the newbies who are wondering ...
I watched this when it lauched, I was 13 at the time. So I'm watching it nowadays more for nostalgia and whatever. You see I wacthed a fuck ton of ecchi animes during the previous mentioned age.. So my take on this anime is that it should have been a hentai instead of an echhi anime or that it kinda mimic the Kaifuku Jutsushi no Yarinaoshi. What really bothers me in this anime was not the bad story or not so good animation. But the ecchi scenes are really frustrating to me. Like why did they went with gropping ...
MC is very boring. She has no personality besides being sad. The entire premise is that she’s been abused and so is always submissive and depressed . But that shouldn’t preclude her from being interesting in any other way. she’s basically there for sympathy points.. . The rest of the characters have been extremely one sided with no depth. Her family is very abusive and mean. That’s it. Cool.. . The world is somewhat interesting which is the only thing making this watchable at all. There are supernatural powers and I’m pretty sure the series is depending on that to make the MC interesting. It is ...
That's it?. Ok, so... One day everyone on earth inexplicably turns to stone. 3,700 years later, a brilliant young scientist revives and sets out to restore the rest of humanity, discover the source of this cataclysmic event, and restart the world through the power of science. And that's it. That's the whole concept. While it might seem like an interesting journey to go on, it just doesn't push far enough to reach heights that the anime medium can accomplish: no stunning animation, no iconic music, no powerful pump-you-up moments, no dread, it's not laugh out loud funny, no fan service, and it's not smart enough ...
[Content warnings for Oshi no Ko: Suicide, murder, blood/gore]. . Overall: 6/10. Initially hearing about the plot of this anime, I was very weirded out and put off by it, but watching it, it's not actually as bad as expected. The plot and anime are pretty interesting, and I personally binged it all in one day, but I wouldn't exactly say it's binge-worthy. It's alright all around, though. Recommended if you like the average teen drama anime.. . Story: 6/10. The main premise is actually pretty interesting, mainly the story surrounding the main protagonist, Aqua. This first season is a weird mix of comedy, slice-of-life, drama, and like a crime-detective type ...
Have you ever encountered a show that was difficult to rate because you didn't know what it was trying to be?. . This is what I experienced with Weiss Survive.. . As a commercial for the game Weiss Schwarz (which I love), it does a solid job of making you want to play the game. It isn't a Yu-Gi-Oh! quality story, but given that the entire "series" lasts 30 minutes that isn't surprising.. . As an instructional video for the game, it fails miserably. They try to stick to the real rules somewhat, but they do such a horrible job of explaining what's happening that I'd be even ...
“xxxHOLiC” is what happens when You have a pretty nice premise but only surface level execution.. . One day a high school student named Kimihiro Watanuki is assaulted by an apparition. Trying to get away he stumbles upon a strange house whose fence seems to save him from the attack. Inside he finds a mysterious store with an even more mysterious proprietress. She’s willing to get rid of the spirit that attached itself to the boy… for a price. Watanuki agrees and soon enough is freed from this burden. In exchange he becomes a part time worker in the mysterious shop that deals in wishes. His life, ...
well... this thing truamatized me... but it was a good watch tho.. it's NOT for everyone but if you like this genre you will def enjoy it, the story is very good imo, unqiue with a bit of complexity and it's overall amazing yet terryfying af, the art style is great as well and very fitting, the characters are some of my favourites too and not the overpowered type. 9/10 overall very good , again not everyone will like this since it contains many disturbing scenes but whoever does , oh boy it's insane. and you will enjoy it while being disturbed !. wanted to ...
Imagine one day you are dying and instead of actually being dead,you got reincarnated in another world...as a vending machine A VENDING MACHINE,not human,not animal,not plant,not some fantasy weapon,no...A VENDING MACHINE.This anime is basically what happened if you are drunk or high and start spouting nonsense but suddenly your writer friend said "that's a good idea" and you know what's suprising ? It's actually really good.. . Instead of making an isekai with a plain looking MC like a normal human being,the author decide to make thing that give people things as the MC and if you thought that the vending machine gonna have some super duper ...
Animation overall is slightly above average. Action scenes are sufficiently fluid, but not terribly impressive. Character detail and backgrounds are mostly average, but at the very least the backgrounds are of decent quality even during scenes where studios usually pay less attention to them(action scenes). Characters have some depth, but not a lot. Some of them are likeable, but we really never try to dive very deep into any characters. The story is fairly average in quaity. Some unique elements(gimmicks), but still somewhat derivative. There is some world building, but not a ton. Pacing is fairly decent, there are a couple of slow moments, but ...
You know.. . If I told you, that an anime about an Isekai, that is about a VENDING MACHINE, and that it'd actually be more enjoyable then it seems. I doubt you'd believe me. But here we are, and it's actually....Good? Let me explain.. . Story and characters: 6. The story pretty much is as told on paper. Usual Isekai situation, but only this time, the person being isekai'd, becomes a Vending Machine in a new world. Being unable to properly communicate with anyone, unless it's through usual thank yous, and other phrases that a machine of it's nature will speak to you after using it. But if it's ...
What are the odds that Anime gods shall conspire and bring us something so ridiculous that it turns out to be entertaining. Well, apparently it is very high. In fact it is turning out to be one of the most refreshing ideas of this season. The Vending Machine Isekai may seem at first to be the last stray for Isekai before it went too far, but nothing is going too far it seems.. . Plot: The title itself gives away the plot, and it is really that simple. Though it's simplicity and earnestness is what makes this decent. The way things happen, the way people interract, react ...
Fans of Showa Genroku Rakugo Shinju will get a taste of something they may enjoy again, but may be left wanting for more.. . Many of the best of Deen's longtime VA talent join together and give perhaps their most emotional and heartfelt performances in a decade.. But the story almost seems hostile to the viewer in that it wants you to get invested over and over again only to never give any payoff, aside from a few moments.. That describes much of every episode, but also the series at large.. . I wanted to LOVE it, but I come away just liking it. Not bad, not ...
Nothing much to say about this one.. . It's not bad, it's not good... It's just average.. The story is pretty basic, and the pacing is really weird given that in 3 episodes nothing really happened and things are pretty stale with no sign of change. The thing about the girl forgetting her glasses got pretty boring after the first episode as it just felt repetitive an. nonsensical. It's another example of a show rellying to much on the "cuteness" rather than the narrative.. One thing to praise are the visuals and the animation that are actually really good. The soundtrack i'd say it's ok.. . I was actually excited about ...
Konosuba came out in 2016 and was a parody of isekai that were quite popular at the time. But the more time have passed the more bland isekai have released and the more love Konosuba has garnered. The third season is going to be aired next year and the spin-off/prequel to the series was made to satisfy the thirst. In theory, this looks pretty smoothly: it's a spin-off to a lovely franchise and the story is about admittedly the best girl; what can possibly go wrong?. . Comedies usually tend to use an episodic plot structure for storytelling. The main benefit of it is to create many ...
For me I out this Gundam on no 3 from one's I've watched,. . 1st is SEED, it's biased as it's my first gundam of which I watched when I was a kid, but that series is just full of memorable moments man, and all the fantastic music, it also have good pacing and lots of rest moments to connect with the characters more, (even tho most lack depth). That's I guess the one thing I missed of modern anime, where they aren't willing to go the long haul like 50 episodes Gundam did.... . 2nd is IBO, I feel this series is similar to WfM but just more ...
Probably the weakest season of MHA. I think that for a few reasons. I am mainly attracted to this show for the hype moments. Characters "breaking" their limits. Yelling loudly while destroying villains or themselves. It's a good time. The slow character progression in the students and villains is a bonus. But this season barely had any hype moments. There's a couple of breakthroughs for the plot - like Black Whip and the evolution of the league of villains - but the filler in-between is so boring that it felt like a chore to get through. It's not offensively bad but it's such a step ...
Honest opinion from someone that never read the manga.. . For something that supposed to be the "romcom" of the season, this is probably the most flat and "boring" out of the previous season.. . The MC instantly fall in love with the heroine without much explanation other than the way she looks and acts,no development,no previous interaction,no nothing and this supposed to be like the MC "first love" and the anime failed at making it seems that way.. . BUT. . it's not a bad watch,not even close,if there's a thing that this show done right, it's being cute cause IT IS.. . The MC though can be a little annoying due to how ...
I wouldn’t recommend this to someone who enjoys deep thought provoking or hard hitting anime with intense fight scenes but if you like cozy games or anime you might really enjoy this.. . It’s got a good set of characters, each with their own desire to find their own place and leave behind their own little legacy. It’s a relatable feeling which makes the development of the characters heartwarming to see. The main character however does have her annoying moments but it’s ok when you remember it’s like watching a fresh level 1 in a video game.. . I wouldn’t say this show has any deep plot but ...
Disclaimer: Initial review after episode 3. May change view in the future (for better or worse).. Update After Episode 4: More of the same. I'm dropping this from the weekly watch rotation and may pick it up after its completed its run. There's just too much better content this season.. . Visually stunning, especially the first episode. The art and animation is top tier. Of course there is concern that this level of detail and attention cannot be maintained across an entire 13 episode season. Which is worrisome since, for the most part, it's what's carrying this show. Outside of the visuals, its yet another slice ...
(Only on ep 3) Well this anime makes me believe it's inspired by Avatar and Naruto although it has its own uniqueness to it. I'm sorry but as of rn I don't have any emotions towards any characters and main character is giving me no once of attachment although this anime is decent 👌 I wouldn't recommend this too someone who starts off watching anime maybe after there 40th anime then watch this. It does seem like it can get better as it's only ep 3 so don't go off what I say see for yourself!. Story: 6/10. Animation: 8/10. I would give it ...
Visuals that cause your brain to relish and visuals that cause you an aneurysm are almost always unlikely to Go Hands in hands. Yet sometimes the natural order of things must be subsided for one measly reason or another. And from the award winning team that caused you a minor aneurysm by mere mention of shaking hands or the people that do, bring you their lastest delight, The Gifted Girl Who Never Grabs Her Glasses Even as She is as Blind as a Blind Bat in a Large Open Expanse in the Dark.. . Plot: The plot is extremely simple to follow, a Gifted Girl Who Never ...
I like this type of anime where the story unfolds slowly and you get the answers of the questions that you asked while watching. Also this anime is full of hidden clues.So try to remember every seen. Trust me, it will help you to fill the story & to better understand it.. The art style was very good, the character building was on point, the story telling is good. The science explanation was understandable.. Those who love science fiction & love romance anime with cute couple then this is the one.. But you need to watch the 2nd part(prequel) to understand it fully. Don't skip the 1st ...
I like this type of anime where the story unfolds slowly and you get the answers of the questions that you asked while watching. Also this anime is full of hidden clues.So try to remember every seen. Trust me, it will help you to fill the story & to better understand it.. The art style was very good, the character building was on point, the story telling is good. The science explanation was understandable.. Those who love science fiction & love romance anime with cute couple then this is the one.. But you need to watch the 2nd part(sequel) to understand it fully. Don't skip the 2nd ...
Overall the pace is a bit slow but good for those who like slow pace. It's a rom com which much lighter than Skip and loafer or Yamada-kun level 999 or any other rom com this/pre season. Most people kinda like the chemical in between the two male and female MC I finds the female MC acted more like a desperate little bitch. The only thing she is likeable because of her soft spoken and well because she is the MC as well.I think the reason I finished watch the anime til the end it's bcuz of Seita kun ( the lead MC little brother) ...
Story is pretty simple and doesn't leave much to hide right from the start. Some government agency collected kids to use them in some experiments to train super-soldiers or something alike. Then couple of kids run from them and supposedly decided to take revenge on people who done this things to them.. . Antagonist, that later shows up in story, is disappointing and make things more ridiculous and nonsensical. The moment she interfered with plans of MC there is multiple ways to expose this interference and deal with it without exposing yourself like they did. And yet their choice was to run to the bomb place and ...
I stumbled upon Beast Player Erin in search of anime with good world building like Slime Reincarnation and Ascendance of a Bookworm.. . There are already many great reviews so the purpose of my review here is to provide expectations to potential viewers of this show:. . Each episode will consist of:. . 10% mini music videos with overly played songs,. 40% overly used flashbacks,. 50% actual scenes that progress the story.. . This series did not have to be 50 episodes long as a great much of it was just filler content. Frustratingly much of that wasted time used for flashback filler could have been used more meaningfully such as providing a more conclusive ...
World building - amazing, animation - fantastic. Using opening credit sequence for exposition? Unique, unexpected, and I wish ALL anime would take this approach. Adventure story? Check and amazing. Supporting cast character development that makes you care about people? Yep, got it. And that's through 28+ episodes.. . So why a 6 instead of say, an 8+ score? Well, I have a very strong opinion on the quality of the main character's.... well, character. It's not an opinion on the author or genre/social appropriateness, it's strictly the mc's persona and behavior. In a way, to make me feel so strongly about a character is a compliment to ...
I am really disappointed about this season as it has come after a long time and everyone was waiting for it so eagerly but the energy, scripting, storyline is so..dull.. The first season was like was like sky shots full of energy exciting movement and very interesting. Storyline is really bad comparing to the previous season it feels like completely different anime but some moments feel okay like this is acceptable.. Animation have some minor improvements from the earlier season.. Music is okay not too much average.. Direction is way off seriously from a beautiful ending last season with a kiss to paris changing scenarios too fast.. Overall, i have not ...
As someone who is an Isekai junkie, I am all in for Isekai shows that try out new concepts because the Isekai genre is broad and stuff you can do with it is amazing if you're creative enough. Now I thought this show was one of those happy go luck shows where nothing insanely bad happens(well it is) but there is a dark side to this show as well (they haven't really gotten super dark yet, will probably not happen lol) I liked how patients aren't treated with nonsensical OP abilities that the MC has and its actually proper treatment that you'd get from a ...
An Ambiguous Climb to Redemption. . Kami no Tou, also known as Tower of God, is an anime series that takes you on a journey filled with mystery and hidden truths. The initial 10 episodes may leave you underwhelmed, with a plot that fails to impress and numerous unanswered questions about the world in which the story unfolds. However, the series manages to redeem itself in the latter part, offering a more engaging plot, improved storytelling, and surprising twists.. . One of the drawbacks of the early episodes is the lack of a captivating plot. The story fails to establish a strong foundation, leaving you wanting more depth and ...
Oh boy. Right of the bat, I already have a lot of cons on this TV-Series. Number one the show with it being a poly-triangle wasn't my cup of tea. It was too many characters fit into liking one guy. The story has no depth but introducing girls in different ways. The 4 girls have all different personality types making each different and lovable from each other. The intro and outro SUCH A BANGER but the story wasn't for me. No drama into the romance and comedy. Not too much character development that is putting up with this show. I would recommend this show to ...
Don't get me wrong, I do love the story wise at the start and animation, but this wasn't it for me. I hate when anime is just focusing on the blue lock HQ location without having time to spend some love outside of it. I wasn't a fan of it at all. The story wasn't interesting for me. I love the music, the main idea of it, the characters and the animation every time when they strike a goal. It felt better than other sports animes but wasn't my cup of tea. I had watched 4 episodes out of 24. I would recommend this to ...
This movie is a bit of a disaster. The art was okay, and the story was HORRIBLE!! I want to tell you why. First up the starting of the idea of going back in time with a small orb is great but the switch up between 1 friend who wanted to date that girl by winning a race and the main character who is the 2nd date by throwing a orb to win. The back-story with one of the characters was heart breaking and sad but the main character is just a cocky little snake who wants to date this girl. The idea of it ...
Big drop in animation quality from season 1. I just rewatched it before season 2 came out and I can see there is a clear difference. All of the characters look weird and the female don't look as cute as before. This anime had so much potential this is very disapointing. Season 1 was really fun. I never wrote any review on MAL before but I had to say it. It was one of my most enticipated anime this season. I'm almost as disappointed as with ataraku maou-sama season 2. I'm still watching it but I may drop this anime in the future if it ...
One of my first animes I ever watched. It was good story wise but was lacking a bit on the animation part and a bit of story. Love the fights, music FROM THE OPENING!! BANGER BANGER!! If I were to pick out any anime instead of Banana fish. It would be like probably the great pretender. Not hating on Banana fish because it was Mappa's coming to a new generation. I Wish they adapted more of the manga though. The art style was ok. Something I wouldn't like in a TV-Series BUT WAS WATCHABLE!! If you have nothing on your list, then watch this anime. ...
“Gosick” is what happens when You play a mystery game on easy mode with auto-resolve turned on.. . Kazuya Kujou - a transfer student from the far east stumbles upon a mysterious girl. Called by some the golden ferie of the library, she's petite, has a sweet tooth, is unpleasant and able to solve any and all mysteries with little information. From that day on Kujou gets dragged into being her “assistant” in solving cases the police are ill equipped to handle. Most of them having some strange relevance to ghost stories and urban legends of the region. Sometimes proving that the ghost stories are far less ...
To summarize: What the f*** did I just watch?. . It starts with what am I watching followed by what am I watching and ends with what the f*** did I just watch.. . I kinda have mixed feelings, I feel story was nothing special nor existent really. On the other hand it feels like a weird dream? Like that moment you have just before you wake up, you're half awake and half dreaming, that's how this movie feels.. . From artistic side it is amazing, lots of unique and imaginative scenes (famously inspired Inception) and the OST is amazing (Parade song is the reason I got interested).. . But the story is ...
Out of all the Anime that still has a vocal audience demanding either a continuation or conclusion of it, Masamune Kun was certainly one among the least talked about. Rarely does an individual appear craving some more of Masamune kun, whatever it is supposed to be. So it comes as a rather surprising turn of events that Masamune Kun is back with a second season.. . Plot: It picks up more or less back from where it left last time if you remember, not to say it had much to live up to. As it stands the Revenge is still ongoing, though certain unaccounted for circumstances have ...
Take this piece as my relatively amateur and beginner level of review.. . Zero Tester is an retro mecha anime series that were aired in the 1970s. While it may be nostalgic for some viewers mainly for featuring Jet Fighter vs Kaiju,a rarity compared to it other wider known counterparts from its time like Mazinger,Getter, it falls short in several areas from a viewer's perspective.. . One of the anime's weaknesses lies in it kaiju of the week formula,while it was something acceptable during it times,it keep repeating same problem regarding the trio over and over again while simultaneously giving surface level of character development for the trio in ...
Love Live Nonsense.. . When Yohane the Parhelion: Sunshine in the Mirror was announced, I think everyone thought it was a joke considering its first announcement trailer dropped on April Fools Day. A weird spin-off of Love Live Sunshine, which is considered to be the best Love Live by the fandom, which is wrong because the best Love Live is Love Live Superstar. The story takes the girls of Love Live Sunshine and plops them in a fantasy setting… sort of.. . I say “sort of” because I don’t know if it is set in a fantasy setting, considering we’re introduced to the main protagonist Yohane, the alter-ego ...
I feel like I need to justify the score that I gave this. When I first read Mashle, I found it mediocre. It wasn't very stunning in humor, and as a shonen, it lacked the finesse to really hit home. Mashle really only has one joke (hahah, big strong) and doesn't push home the nice wholesome message that the premise is built on.. . In the first place, Mashle combines two contradictory notions. A battle-centric shonen like this needs to be consistent with its rules and match-ups to develop a good battle. It's also a parody which completely does not care about consistency. And I think ...
Another isekai anime where the Mc doesn't have to struggle to get power and is strong from Day 1.. . Start : The start is kinda meeeh.A 30 year old man who slacks off in his room (Just like me) dies and then meets godess who makes him the strongest so he can live in another world and enjoy his life.. . Power : The thing that doesn't make any sense here is his skill.His skill is barrier but man can lift things and make himself talk,make robots and t.v etc.. . Animation : The animation is Okay.. . Enjoyment : If uh are a isekai lover and don't really care about the ...
To be clear, it's a recap of the recent 12 episodes; so first half of Hataraku Maou-sama!!, which seems to be called Season 1 of Season 2, with season 2 of season 2 started on July 2023. No new interactions or scenes; mostly just a compilation, so the general folks can skip it. But for those who want a refresher on the recent events, it's nice.. . In terms of new content, they also have some nice visuals showing the relationships between some of the characters. And the re-cap is framed as a narrative flashback by Chiho, so there's technically new dialogue as she briefs the ...
First of all i have to say grats to Araki sensei he really outdid himself with this one.Im not sure how i found this one maybe after a night of too much parting with my rich friends :) but it has quickly become one of my favorite JoJo parts. I think the main characters obsevation stand is really ingenius i love the way he uses it to peep on women (i am taking notes:). I really like the way the main character acts heroicly i wish my dad acted like that too instead he just tickles my feet and kisses my belly :(. I wish ...
I know this exists to prepare you for season 2 and all, but.. why is it so bad?. . Couldn't even be arsed to make it interesting? No character stands out, nothing interesting happens. In-fact, whole episode could've been summarised as 2-3 flashbacks in a regular episode.. . While we're at it, the art is just awful compared to the first season. I really hope this isn't a sign of things to come with season 2. Kinda like how "Shield Hero" season two ended up being ultimate garbage, I am hoping this show doesn't go down the same road.. . Anyway, you can watch this if you're dying to know ...
Quite disappointing but bearable to watch. For me, the problem with this movie is that in almost 2h it says nothing particularly new about the show, the MC development is way too fast and quite nonsese. As others have said, the first half tried to mix a boring/cliché backstory with bad humour, but it slowly gets better.. . So yeah, there isn't much to say about this movie, it's good to watch just to spend a couple hours if you have nothing better to do – it's not something you'll regret watching, but nothing you will regret missing either.. . Animation was ok, fights meh.
Being a huge fan of the original work, (I own all currently available volumes) I was very disappointed with Season 1. Shuumatsu no Valkyrie had the potential to be the hypest fighting manga of the current decade, but Netflix just chose to fumble the bag: amazing character designs, great fighting secuencies, enjoyable and quick-to-read backstories... if well adapted, SnV could have easily become one of the best fighting anime ever made. But Netflix just didn't want to.. . However, with Season 2, they managed to offer an actually decent product. It still has evident flaws, yes, and that's why not everyone will enjoy it- but there were ...
"Higehiro: After Being Rejected, I Shaved and Took in a High School Runaway" is an anime series that delves into the depths of human emotions, captivating audiences with its portrayal of compassion, relationships, and societal challenges. While it explores important themes, the series evokes a mix of emotions due to its execution and handling of certain elements.. . One of the notable strengths of "Higehiro" lies in its ability to tackle sensitive topics with a level of honesty that strikes a chord with viewers. It fearlessly delves into the emotional turmoil faced by Sayu Ogiwara, a runaway high school student, and Yoshida, a compassionate salaryman who opens ...
The 4th season of Golden Kamuy is barely a shell of the prior three seasons. With a new studio, it is very obvious that the best they can do is pay lip service to the gimmicks of previous seasons without truly understanding how to carry the plot forward in a compelling way. Golden Kamuy is a story with culture, heart, and the excitement of new discoveries. This 4th season has lost those genuine qualities and can only weakly attempt to scribble something vaguely similar on paper for viewers who don't mind.. . One argument in defense of this season is that it is an attempt to flesh ...
Mashle has big parody Harry Potter energy and the premise is great, but it does not stick the landing. The inherent comedy from this premise is that the main character has to resolve magical conflicts relying entirely on his ridiculous physical abilities. The first 3 or 4 episodes manage this well. But the rest of the series turns into an action/fighting shounen that completely loses the original plot or comedic identity.. . If the entire series was like the first few episodes, this anime would've been a home run. Unfortunately, the direction it has taken has not captured any sense of original creativity that warrants a season ...
Story: 4/10. . Biologist goes on a journey to study horny female elves and does exactly that. There really isn't a story here. He just meets elves and fucks them. Most people probably don't care, but I personally found this boring to watch. There weren't any fun/wacky moments that other hentai's have that make it worth watching for anything other than sexy hot anime girls.. . Sound: 8/10. . The template I use for reviewing hentai is an old template mal use to use for reviewing anime in general.... idk wtf I'm supposed to be saying about the sound design of a hentai. Uhhhh, voice acting was there, hentai noises was ...
So this is a anime concept so simple that you would think it would be hard to mess up, but here we are with a very mediocre anime. The dialogue is so over the top that it turns basic conversation into a cringe-fest. It’s so overwhelming that listening to these characters talk can be a endurance test of patience at times. It’s very clear that the fighting was supposed to be the focus here and, to be fair, there is salvageable ideas about these fights that are interesting. You can tell that the mangaka did their research and put most of their time and effort ...
Rule: I start at 5, and add or take away points based on anything that stood out. I have listed below.. This review includes 2nd season (NEXT).. . +1 Out loud laughs. . I recommend this for some shameless laughs and smiles. This is definitely an Ecchi Comedy, but not really a romance.. I don't think I laughed every episode, but I did get some good laughs in, especially in the 2nd season.. I didn't generally find the rivalries funny. I did find the Ecchi parts funny sometimes.. . *SPOILERS BELOW*. ...
Lyrical Nanoha Movie The 2nd A's is the second movie and appropriately reboots the second season of the anime, Lyrical Nanoha A's in much the same way as its prequel did. While I had high hopes which were certainly held up to for the first movie, the second movie, while still very enjoyable, can be a bit of a mixed bag. Unfortunately, the second movie suffers from pacing just a bit more than the first; due to the sheer amount of content that was necessary to be crammed into the movie, it's not able to achieve the same level of success.. . Certain elements that were present ...
So first off I'm gonna get a lot of hate for this rating. but I'd say the peaks of piece are up there among the best shows and they are very spread apart (too much boring bs I don't really enjoy).. The story, world building, and characters/design of One Piece are phenomenal. But the pacing is god awful the build up/milking in every single episode is extremely frustrating and its too the point that I can't really excuse or overlook it. Without saying any spoilers, I started watching a couple of years ago after running out of stuff to watch and remembering I loved it as ...
I have mixed feelings about this one as it started on a good pace creating excitement what will happen but now its getting down by each episode its kinda getting boring after all.. Animation is good better than average for sur this season anime all mainly contain great animation.. Character design is good not too over and not too less each given unique and distinct identity.. Music part was ok ok not so great.. Storyline is pretty much like for kids all happy magical like stuff no connection with real world so far kids adventure stories like.. Conclusion, you can watch it for steady and balanced storyline but its like ...
This is just...Nice.. . Not that the show is bad by context. But if you're coming in here,expecting a complete 101 for My Senpai is annoying, or anything close to that, just with roles swapped, then you're in the wrong place. But what it does offer, is an OK relaxing experience. Here is wy.. . Story and characters: 6. The anime really pushes the reactions of the characters. Doing it's best to really establish who the characters are, and what they do. Being set in a work place, as they go about their daily job lives,all while seemingly having a relaxed and open atmosphere around the work place. From starting ...
Atelier Ryza is an adaptation of the eponymous game in the flavour of Anime.. . Plot: The plot is described really well in the synopsis, as such it merits little to repeat that again. Having said that, if you're well versed with the world of these kind of games, it should come as a neat experience to you. It would take you on an adventure, not dissimilar to something like Princess Connect or Grand Blue Fantasy, and follow the antics of a group of people you'd encounter in such a fantasy setting.. . Character: The characters are your typical types that you'd meet everytime you sally forth ...
At this point there is no denying that this has developed into a full grown trope. The trope of a little girl working in a office with relatively large bodied individuals. Take heed, for this is not your typical loli, the forbidden flavour you've been accustomed to snorting. This, well this is something what I'd like to call something a little more sophisticated, granted if I understood what the word sophisticated means. Unfortunately that is not to be expected to fly here under the judicious eyes of able bodied individuals overseeing what is to be had here, and who to censor. Well anyway.... . Plot: An office ...
If you take into account the extraordinarily high rates of school romances these days, it is unlikely that any story meandering in that general valley shall find it hard to catch a cavern of eager eyed enthusiasts for itself, so long as there is a story. And, story there was when the original Anime aired back in 2021. Now, with more than a good chunk of two revolutions elapsed, now seems to be the moment ripe enough for a continuation of the said story, or something close to that ball park. This series is more or less that something, close to the ball park-ish.. . Plot: As ...
Welcome to the world of No Game no Kakegurui, and if that sounds something similar to a resurrected Frankenstein monster, it surely is not far from the case. Like it or not Liar, Liar is stuck between these two.. . Plot: Set in an academy where games decide everything and anything, what if suddenly you got the superpower to cheat. That in a nutshell is the Anime. How that happens, what leads to that is essentially the first ten minutes of the Anime. And whatever follows can also be summarised within that first ten minutes.. . Characters: By now you can probably tell what the characters will be ...
I will admit that this anime is not your typical high school slice of life anime where the two main characters meet and slowly fall in love with each other. Instead, a loser introvert is introduced to a high-profile girl, and she helps our main protagonist become more social and reach the ultimate goal of getting a girlfriend.. . Although the second episode seemed like a direct insult to me, I may not be that outgoing and would rather play video games and watch shows in my free time to escape reality. I know this sort of lifestyle is sort of lame, so I didn't take any ...
I’m going to assume that You’ve seen season 1 so I won’t repeat myself to keep this brief.. . When it comes to characters almost nothing has changed. They are still one sided, cliched and poorly written. The plot is still cliché and the show as whole still lacks good writing.. . From episode 1 the season doubles down on the quantity of slapstick comedy without raising its quality, at least in the beginning. The first 2 episodes are painful to watch. The show can’t go 3 minutes without a cheap joke during them.. I did have some hope for the show around the halfway mark. That’s the ...
Colorful has a very clear and straightforward message that it presents, which is that life is worth living. Though it doesn't have much to offer in terms of story complexity, it still provides value through its messaging. Colorful is quite boring and slow in many of its parts, though the slow, uneventful way of presenting the story does aid its ability to really convey its core message. The movie can also be hard to watch because of how frustrating the protagonist's actions are. The plot twist near the end was also very predictable. Overall, Colorful is worth a shot, but there is no telling whether ...
I finished watching the first season of this a couple of months ago but now that I'm writing this I can't for the life of me recall anything that actually happened in the first season. That's okay, this is the second season, the first season is in the past. Except, surprise, I barely remember anything that happened in this season either and I just finished watching it. I suppose this is why I don't watch slice of life shit, because nothing ever happens in them, but I figured this one could be worth a shot. Well, I can say with confidence that after 40+ episodes ...
This show for me is I love it but I also absolutely hate it, there are a lot of unneeded parts thrown in too make it feel like a non stop borderline hentai without the nudity, lots of lesbian sussy, and just annoying male characters, the emotion was really good but then became a little too much at times, still not too bad In my opinion, the series was alright. Story wasnt unique or anything crazy the gambling aspect was kind of bland, No story at all.. . Pros:. Great Animation. Ost. Female Characters. . Cons:. No story. male characters. ...
The anime does not have a real romance, understand, it has a point there where the protagonist can have a romantic couple, she finds out who he is but has no declarations or anything. It lacks salt, it lacks spice, it lacks everything because the anime sells itself as a romantic comedy but does not have a serious romance. I don't know if there was an episode for that but it could have been much better than it was, after all it had potential.. . This anime is good for you to watch to relax, spend time and watch something cute without commitment because when you analyze ...
Behold, the final Pokemon movie! It's been a long road getting to the end and there's a tangible feeling of finality to this whole Pokemon thing here. The original anime is finished, Ash is done away with and the movies are, surprisingly, dead and buried. A revival is always possible, but after 24 movies, a living link to the franchise which followed many of us throughout life, is forever severed.. . For better or worse, the quality of Koko settles right in the boring middle, an average not easy to write about. Production values follow the expected Pokemon standard without any ambition to amaze. Similarly, the plot ...
Isekai de Cheat Skill wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Genjitsu Sekai wo mo Musou Suru: Level Up wa Jinsei wo Kaeta - A Mediocre Isekai Adventure Hindered by Missed Potential. . Rating: 6/10. . Introduction:. . Isekai de Cheat Skill wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Genjitsu Sekai wo mo Musou Suru: Level Up wa Jinsei wo Kaeta presents an initially intriguing premise within the popular isekai genre. The concept of a protagonist possessing cheat skills and being able to level up in the real world holds promise for a unique and engaging narrative. However, despite its potential, the series falls short of delivering on its initial premise, resulting in ...
To summarize this movie without any spoilers:. . You we're excited when you found out a new steak house opened nearby you. . You went and was served a really good looking medium rare steak, which was also plated beautifully.. . First bites tasted good, you were enjoying your time, the restaurant's atmosphere is amazing, the friendly staff's and beautiful music playing in the background.. . Two more pieces of the steak remains and after eating... You spat it out, because of how extremely salty it was.. . ...
What are the qualities that make an anime good? For every anime it's different, some anime depends on animation, others on the story, every good anime has at least one thing they do really well. For Kamikatsu it's biggest strength is strange out of pocket comedy. Of course the comedy isn't the only good point of this show, the storyline and the characters are pretty well done too, I'm just saying how the comedy is this show's strong point. While some parts of the animation are uh... questionable, it more than makes up for it with the strange shit they throw at you. Despite personally ...
Jojo’s bizarre adventure: diamond is unbreakable is the 4th arc of the jojo’s series, which offers both great and bad aspects of the 4th arc, in which i will be talking about in this review.. . [Positives]. Diamond is unbreakable introduces the viewer into a new, fresh and and intriguing setting of the town of morioh, japan, in which it adds a sense of familiarity and relatability.Which is a good shift from global adventures to a more localized setting in which it allows for more greater character development and exploration of the town’s unique dynamics.One of the greatest strengths of diamond is unbreakable lies in the diverse and ...
Jinki:Extend was a truly weird experience, the show was just all over the place.. . One episode you’d be having a great time and get really interested and immersed into the show. The next episode would be an absolutely terrible, confusing mess of an episode that would totally ruin the vibe and I can’t really say if I enjoyed this show or not.. . Story - 5. . The story begins with a girl named Aoba. She enjoys building model robots and stuff. That is until her grandma randomly dies out of nowhere with no character development.. She then gets kidnapped and sent all the way to Venezuela in a truck somehow. ...
Serial experiments lain is one of those anime’s that made you question wtf did I watch at first this is what I thought of when watching lain. Serial experiments lain is good for its psychological and philosophical implications but it does have its draw backs the show was generally slow at first because the show wants to focus on world building and the characters until it gets to the actual point serial experiments lain is a show that’s supposed to make you question your entire existence which is why I’m having mixed feelings about recommending this show because it’s good in general but also have ...
Rock ’n’ Dull.. . As someone who enjoyed the first season of D4DJ, I was looking forward to another music-centric story by Studio Sanzigen. BanG Dream! It’s MyGO!!! again boasts the studio's wonderful 3D animation with expressive character models that move smoothly and naturally without feeling like they’ve been motion captured. The poor 2D-drawn animation stands out next to the 3D whenever it’s used for background characters, but it’s not used frequently enough to stand out for your average BanG Dream enjoyer. Overall, it is once again a very impressive production.. . Unfortunately, where I felt hooked and entertained by the girls of HappyAround in the first couple ...
KamiKatsu: Working for God in a Godless World is an intriguing anime that blends action, comedy, and fantasy elements while exploring the themes of isekai, parody, and reincarnation. With a runtime of 23 minutes per episode, this seinen anime offers an entertaining and thought-provoking experience.. . One of the strengths of KamiKatsu is its decent action sequences. The anime delivers exciting combat scenes that keep viewers engaged and entertained. However, the animation quality can be inconsistent, with some instances of horrible CGI and occasional moments of good use of CGI. While the animation overall is passable, these inconsistencies can be distracting.. . The world building in KamiKatsu is both ...
Going to be honest, this movie bored the life out of me. The pacing is SO slow. The characters are SO flat. The only bright spot was Puck, but we don't get enough of him. Despite that, everything surrounding him carried me through the movie. The villains sucked in a series with fantastic villains. Just really does not fit in with the quality of the rest of the series. Really did want to like this, since it was supposed to be Emilia's backstory. By the end of the movie, though, I just could not care less about her motivations and the whole climax. Never seen ...
The animation is fine, fairly average. There really isn't any flashy animation, but motion is fairly fluid. There are some decent backgrounds, but the art style used for the backgrounds is inconsistent. Character detail while stylized, is still fairly basic. Certain details are inconsistent from frame to frame, but very rarely. The characters are fairly likeable, with the exception of Takada who is fairly annoying. There is some character depth with Nishimura, but otherwise not a whole lot of depth. Story is fairly basic, but fun. Pacing is rather slow, but not unbearably slow. Voice acting is decent. While the performances are unimpressive, the casting ...
I feel like I forced myself to complete the anime tbh. The anime lacked clarity in so many things and you can barely understand most of the events happening. It just feels like you missed something and I kept on replaying in an attempt to see what had I missed.. . They wanted to make the main character as someone who has high values other than his eyes bla bla .. but none of that was actually portrayed, everything they say to make him all the more valuable member of Libra I found to be a cliche just to make him sound more heroic!
episode 0 is a preparation for season 2, its normal episode contain the required information to understand how it starts as it is in season 2 , not that it is a must but helps in following up on what happened , its a normal episode with normal length , I recommend watching it before starting season 2.. some might find it useless to do episode like this and I understand , like why don't they just start the season with this episode then continue , first episode still not out but I guess its a follow up to this so I could relate.. for the ...
Personal Short Review. Let me keep it simple & minimal spoilers:. - Story is ass (for an anime rated this much & with this much popularity). - Characters introduced are generic and could be considered annoying; the only character that was realistic is Muichiro's brother. - Comedy is absolute worst. . The good things about this show is only Ufotable's effects & art (Fight scenes reminds me of Fate's with one of the OST being similar). Sound design is great but the opening isn't as great as the previous seasons. . . Really don't get it why Demon Slayer uses cringe childish comedy - which isn't funny at all - when the show's filled with ...
This series is held back severely by poor pacing in its first half, which, although necessary for fully grasping the events that occur in its second half, unnecessarily confuses the watcher, testing their patience for and tolerance of constant barrages of unfiltered and unexplained information. However, Shinsekai Yori shines in its second half, gripping the audience with brutal depictions of rage and fear, building tension in a way I thought it wouldn't be able to. For me, this series is a rewatch, and unfortunately, a sort of disappointing one. I had thought I loved it, but after watching it again, the flaws stand out and ...
This anime is very solid, but under the right circumstances it can be even more enjoyable. I say that because this is one of the more laid back and chill shows out there. *WARNING* IF YOU TRY AND BINGE THIS ANIME, YOU WILL BE BORED OUT OF YOUR MIND. I watched basically one episode per day, usually before bed because it's relaxing. Under that type of atmosphere, I enjoyed it.. . Plot is basically dude gets isekai, but his power is accessing online shopping in another world. Because they think he can't be useful, he starts his own journy. He's also an absurdley amazing chef, so he ...
What can I say that hasn't been said about Smartphone Season 2. Is it pure harem isekai trash ? Yes, utterly. Is the MC completely bland and solely exists so the watcher can imprint on them for there own escape ? Yes, utterly. Is there a plot or engaging storyline ? Nope. Are the characters other than the MC at all interesting nope not really they just exist to fill a stereotype from loli to shy knight to lewd fairy.. . Did I expect it this to get S2 nope, could I have spend my time watching anything else from the Spring 2023 season, yes. Will I ...
This show literally felt like a #NoBetaReaderWeDieLikeMen or w/e tag on Ao3 put in anime form. It had an interesting concept but went about it so backwards it was honestly a hot mess.. and yet I binged it in a day so like it was semi entertaining to say the least. The ending was so disappointing it honestly felt like it just ended in the middle of an episode, no resolution or cliff hanger or anything, it just ended full stop which bothered me.. . If you're looking for a classic romance, look somewhere else. However if you're looking for something more akin to a greek ...
Okay, so I decided to put my foot down and watch this since I couldn’t find anything else to watch recently. As someone who watched Trigun, albeit a long time ago, I wondered exactly where this was going since it definitely wasn’t the western I recalled. And, so, like I learned what Riverdale was based on, it seems to me that it only borrowed the name and setting (maybe not even).. . Overall (5/10). Sad to say, but this was probably one of the most mediocre anime movie (ahem, TV show) I’ve watched in a while. Although nothing could disappoint me more than Parasyte the Maxim, this was ...
This is probably very individual to me, but I just wasn't a huge fan. It was funny for sure, and a lot of the characters are very charismatic, such as Alciel and Lucifer, and they along with Satan have some of the most enjoyable slice of life scenes I've seen.. . However, the slice of life aspect being on the backburner is what hurt the show most. When I saw this was a reverse isekai I was excited to see how the devil and his followers would adapt to modern Japanese living. Instead they are completely settled by the second episodes and the show becomes more about ...
I watched this anime just fine..well a little twist from normal isekai doesnt hurt..plus it has a good concept too.... . But, female mc on the last battle really spoiled my mood completely..(though it is important for the storyline afterwards) i could easily give 7.. but for now.. its a light 6 to decent 6. . I do like this series.. it still has more story to develope for sure..i also felt cringe couples time..you know, when a very cliche scene came out..hahaha..the use of fenrir is still just fresh from a cooking anime couple season back i guess..that one also cliche too..haha. . i dont know what to say and ...
ZETTAI UNMEI MOKUSHIROKU. . I watched this anime with the "Utena is Evangelion for girls/shoujo" thought in mind because someone mentioned it on twitter and I later found out that there are considerable amount of people saying the same thing about Utena. Well, is it? I think it is, for me at least.. . Is it good? In short, yes, it is good. BUT there are some things you should keep in mind if you're considering watching Utena because if these things bothers you more than it bothers me, you'll probably hate it. Hence why I put Mixed Feelings on this review.. . The battle was quite good, Utena and the ...
The fact that they didn't start this series with an actual origin story, turning episode 1 into a prequel movie, should tell you what kind of shit-show you're dealing with here.. . At-least this movie is slightly better than the actual series, probably because Tatsuya isn't surrounded by a harem constantly jacking him off, worshiping his every move. The annoying as shit sister, with the personality of a loli-incest fuck-doll made in Japan, is less annoying, at-least until she begins her incestuous brother worship by the end of the movie.. . Art is the same as the show, nothing mind blowing happening here. Art was never the issue ...
Detective Conan Movies Rewatch Before Watching Movie 26: Movie 19. . Movie 19 is decent. The plot is decent. The case is decent. Kaito Kid was used decently. The action sequences were decent.. . And that's why it's not among the top-tier DC movies. It doesn't do anything outright bad (like some of the silly moments in movie 18), but it doesn't do a whole lot to stand out either. It's just a decent movie that could have been a TV special instead.. . Two pros: the set, as some of the shots near the end with Conan were gorgeous, as well as the music, which does a good enough ...
So, as like everyone else here, I have been a Kancolle fan during the golden ages and recently have been re-watching the anime.. I don't expect great things from this anime, so my expectations were low, somehow they just barely met them.. To will be blunt, season 1 is much better than this, unless you are the type who likes somewhat gloomy anime with a lot of fighting and cute girls, I suggest this anime but if you are watching this as a continuation of the slice of life, comedy and the lowkey female interactions which are kinda more than just friendly... iykyk, don't bother.. . . ...
--Phenomenally Late... Review? (Just sharing my thoughts, really) xD--. . Finally! After putting this Anime on hold for about 4 years, I finally got to finish it. I did need to watch it with English Dubbing to help me do so though (I'll explain in a bit.). I've tried multiple times to get back on it during those years, restarting it from the beginning every time, only to lose interest after the very first arc. Back then I couldn't quite point a finger as to which aspect of the Anime seemed to be causing me to feel somewhat bored about it, especially since it already captivated me, aesthetic-wise ...
The first few episodes are Very Good. But very misleading, it gave the impression we'd be getting a political thriller about a isekai victim dealing with the intrigue and political landscape of a shifting aristocracy, with some hotties to boot. This is not what you get.. . After the first main threat is dealt with, it rapidly shifts to a much more bland and unexplored Fantasy setting which you cant even properly enjoy cause your stuck with the worst person to explore it through, with a few interesting characters and plot threads dropped altogether to boot.. . It was a huge disappointment. Read "Lout of the Counts Family" instead, ...
finished spy x family. 26 episodes and my opinion of it is spy x family is an anime that goes nowhere. One of those animes that comes up with new scenarios each week that doesn't lead to anything and doesn't push the story forward.. . You only need to watch the first 10 episodes and you've seen everything the show has to offer. Nice show though. I like when anya is on screen because she is adorable.. . It's about a spy adopting a daughter and getting married in order to complete a mission. It's a cool idea but because the plot doesn't move forward and just used to ...
Back in 2019 no one could even imagine how popular Demon Slayer would be. Its popularity had gradually grown reaching the peak with the movie making more money than any Japanese film. The hype surrounding the franchise is so massive, that it started to put off some people including myself. But playing this childish game have become boring and I reckon not watching something isn't a thing one should be proud of. Nevertheless, it doesn't mean that Demon Slayer or any other extremely popular show is impeccable and doesn't deserve criticism. At that, I definitely don't regret having delayed watching DS.. . The story in the first ...
Kancolle season two definitely does not feel like a season two. The anime has a way darker tone, actual people, more/less realistic naval battles, different characters and shipgirls that retire instead of sink. You shouldn't watch this with the expectation of getting cute shipgirls doing cute things at the very least.. . The story is acceptable overall and is mainly about naval battles. The tone is way darker than before and everything seems more depressed. Not everything that happens makes sense and there's a very confusing deus ex machina in the final episode. As far as the naval combat itself goes the anime abandons the idea ...
Feels like a parody of the first one. The story is the same general "We have to catch this villain with mysterious motives" plotline that shows up in half of Oshii's movies, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. Issue is, GitS and Patlabor 2 were a lot more interesting and I just watched both of those, and by comparison this just doesn't have the extra spice to make it stand out. Batou's the main character this time but he isn't nearly as interesting as the Major, and a solid 50% of the script is dedicated to quoting philosophy. You could ask Batou what he had ...
This is the anime format of the infinity train movie. It has a first episode that isn't in the movie and a few extra scenes but has the exact same content apart from that. Unless you really like the 20 minute episode format I'd recommend watching the first episode of this anime followed by the actual movie as that will most likely provide you with the best experience.. . The story of this anime is good and it follows on the first season of demon slayer. It has the same format in which a demon is assigned that needs to be defeated and Tanjiro + friends ...
Animation is pretty decent. No flashy animations, but motions are fluid. Really good backgrounds and character detail. Characters have some depth, but not a ton. The characters are fairly likeable, but personally I hate Fumio. He literally just repeats the last few word of every scentence his sisters say for basically the entire anime. I've seen dogs that were written with more depth. The story is fairly unique, but then the plot doesn't really dig very deep into it. Pacing is fairly slow, but not unbearable. Voice acting is fine. Decent casting, but unimpressive performances. Soundtrack is fantastic, the ed/op are just okay. Honestly I ...
Hell's Paradise falls short of its potential, presenting itself as a generic shounen without offering anything truly exceptional. While it is disheartening to express disappointment with the writing and execution, the series truly fails to rise above mediocrity, leaving a sense of missed opportunities for greatness. The only aspect that shines is its emotionally resonant OST, OP and ED. The visuals were exceptional at the beginning,then incredibly inconsistent after , perhaps hindered by budget limitations. For e.g Sagiri's face is so inconsistent , there are times where it looks like she developed down-syndrome. Starts off strong, with incredible action sequences and a mysterious and ...
If you are looking for a compelling story with good world building. Don't watch this anime.. If you are looking for a relaxing and funny story that you want to watch without really thinking. Watch this anime.. . In my opinion, this anime shouldn't be taken seriously. Repetitive situations of MC doing wild things? Yes. No real story building and characterization? Yes. If you care too much about progression and arcs making sense, then you will only get angry at this anime.. . For those who do not mind stories existing for the sake of just being entertaining (As in, haha it's the funny!), then this anime will ...
For something that got so much hype around its release, it is surprisingly... boring.. . Now, please don't attack me on my opinion/views (or do, whatever), this is a review that is pretty objective to me. I just think that the story and characters have so much more potential than it was given, but it eventually just becomes a regurgitation of every cliche and cheap characterization that the Black Clover anime has used on the regular. With way better animation than the anime, that is.. . The introduction of the main antagonists of the story, the four wizard kings, made a deep impression when it was first ...
Okay, so Heavenly Delusion. What a deceptive show indeed.. . You see, one thing that gets quite noticeable as the show goes on is a constant effort to subvert viewer's expectations. It happens everytime. Characters that seem like ducks become pigeons for a brief moment only to reveal themselves as some kind of turkey. A side-story might become so deep and twisted you forget where it started.. . The world of show itself seems like delusion. It starts as a pretty doomed place to live in, atleast it presented this way in the first couple of episodes. There're berserk-like creatures huntin for human brains, the society and progress got ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (7). The story is about an alien who come to earth but in the way, She found a cat and become a cat lover. Not only that, She also found another animal and getting attached to it. Mostly this anime is just about alien who are too obsessed with Cat and animals.. . Art (8). The art is good. I like how they make animals animation on this anime. Love the color they use since it's match with the theme.. . Sound (9). The music is adjusted to the animation.. ...
It seems that Demon Slayer is falling into a pattern: slow or decent buildup that led to amazing fight animation at the end while interlaced with backstories that are usually forgettable. Unfortunately this season accentuated this pattern in a bad way.. . The swordsmith village itself was pretty forgettable. Since everyone is masked, there’s not much to give life or character into the village. Like all they do is make swords, and that’s that. It’s nothing that interesting like the entertainment district.. . With two Upper rank villains, the fights for the most part didn’t have as much at stake like the fight last season. These two villains ...
Well again this is because Letterboxd don’t do tv shows. This is for Hell’s Paradise anime season 1.. . Finally the third of the Dark Trio is animated by MAPPA. With how awesome JJK and Chainsaw Man turned out to be, I had high hopes. While Hell’s Paradise is certainly darker, it is the weakest of the three.. . It took awhile for the show to become interesting. The first two thirds occasionally had some good fight scenes or bizarre moments, but there’s too much buildup that dragged out the anime. It’s when towards the end when the breakpoint is revealed that the anime picked up quickly. There’s ...
The second season of "Kono Subarashii Sekai ni Shukufuku wo!" maintains a similar tone and overall structure as the first but with a notable improvement in production quality. The animation, in particular, is exceptionally and artfully executed this season. Additionally, several new characters are introduced, seamlessly integrating into the existing world. However, there are certain aspects that detract from the season's overall impact. Some jokes are overly prolonged, resulting in certain episodes feeling longer than they actually are. Moreover, while the series retains its comedic essence, it risks treading the thin line of becoming the very thing it parodied. Nevertheless, "Kono Subarashii Sekai ni Shukufuku ...
It's short and has charm, so watch it if the premise appeals to you. But don't go into it thinking it'll be on par with series like Ninja Scroll, the Kage OVA, or Vampire Princess Miyu in terms of either fights or beautiful animation. It's got style, but at a fraction, but it's definitely got some things going for it that make it a classic.. . Animation was alright, and I'm not just saying that for the time this came out. It feels like, surprisingly, despite this OVA being an almost 1:1 shot of the one-shot it was based off of, that the manga did it better. ...
Since I had loved the first season, I was really excited to watch the sequel, see what problems awaited Subaru and how he would overcome them, and of course follow the development of his relationship with the other characters, well I was just excited for what would come. But I had that desire thwarted.. . Subaru revealed himself to me this season to be an insufferable human being, his voice, reactions and interactions were simply painful to watch.. . I can't say if it's the character's seyuu or some director's fault, but having to hear that ripped voice, screaming all the time... I felt like I would ...
Science Rules!. . The squad now trying to expand civilization. The first half was basically all the science stuff that the tv show is known for. I’m 10 billion percent sure that if you love this show for the cool science creation, you would love this part. I think it was alright, because just like Food War, I started to get bored of the same stuff all over again.. . The story after this was a lot better and had some decent mystery into it. This later half was what got me more intrigued into the show. It’s still a bit disappointing since it’s still a set up for ...
Mayo Chiki is okay. Not good but also not bad. Sometimes the anime is great and its comedic charm works, other times it just fumbles and seriously devalues their characters and overall narrative. I feel like if this anime was strictly comedic, I wouldn't have rated it "Mixed Feelings" or 5 stars.. . -- Just a repeat of the text above to get past MAL's word requirements, seriously wtf --. . Mayo Chiki is okay. Not good but also not bad. Sometimes the anime is great and its comedic charm works, other times it just fumbles and seriously devalues their characters and overall narrative. I feel like if this ...
This show isn't a Kubrick film, and it isn't trying to be. Turn your brain off, have fun, and and enjoy. The premise for Fumizuki Academy is really fun, and the test wars are all so enjoyable to watch. The humor is often too pervy for my taste, but this show just has so much heart that I love it anyway. As far as LGBTQ+ representation goes, it was huge for me in high school to see some of these characters, but it also admittedly misses the mark at times. Even with all it's flaws, this is a show that I still love coming back ...
Kuromi's pretty journey is more so a commercial, it exists specifically for the "Kuromi-fy the world" campaign recently created in order to make the already pretty popular mascot, Kuromi, even more popular in regions where Sanrio merchandise may be more on the lower end.. . Despite having an actual story, most of the webseries is pure shenaningans. Kuromi goes around in her flying vehicle and does some random stuff that is sometimes related to whatever the land is most known for. Going to america? She's in a broadway show. Going to china? She does kung fu, etc.. . One thing that really surprised me was the fact that Baku ...
This review has very minor spoilers, which I have carefully and somewhat ambiguously worded to spoil the least amount possible. This review is from the perspective of a fan of the visual novel that rewatched the anime a year later.. . Positives:. -Kurugaya: Kurugaya's route isn't a very good adaptation, but it makes drastic changes that, in my opinion, improve upon some scenes from the visual novel. While yes, it is missing the great romance and the chemistry between Riki and Kurugaya it makes drastic changes to fit the anime story telling, which in my opinion works better as a whole for the story despite its very fast ...
I liked season 1 quite a bit. Also, I am totally fine with the new setting. My problem is that the new season bores me. It doesn't grasp my attention. The progressing is very slow and there is too much idle chatter. Overall, it feels like a filler season rather than a proper one.. . The art is good, the cinematic/director's choices could be better. Perhaps they should look at Mushoku Tensei, much more captivating.. . There is a lots of background added for the other characters, but it perhaps takes away too much focus. Take the green hair guy, we dive into his background and there is ...
Some stuff right a lot of things wrong.. . This is a spoiler free review from the perspective of a fan of the visual novel that rewatched the anime a year later.. . Positives:. -I'll start off by saying I like the choice of voice actor/actress change for Riki as I find that Yui Horie fits the role a lot better than the original casting in the VN.. -The main cast (Riki, Rin, Kyousuke, Masato, and Kengo) share the same chemistry as the VN, which is very well adapted.. -Mio: Mio's route is adapted fairly well as they give it enough time. It's missing some key scenes, but overall, it's a good ...
+Fun world-building, character designs, and OST. +Ensemble cast has great chemistry. -Takes bold risk by exploring adult themes, resulting in choppy narrative. -Uncomfortable romantic undertones between members of the same family. -Poorly written female lead that’s presented as token girl. . What happens when you die, metaphorically or physically? .hack//legend of Twilight, despite its fluffy and whimsical exterior, attempts to tackle this theme when a bunch of rouge children playing a popular video game experiment with the human consciousness.. . Based on its predecessor in the .hack franchise, there’s a lot to like about Twilight. It features a solid premise, adorable characters, a killer soundtrack, and an ...
The show starts very strong with a good premise, but unfortunately falls off by episode 4. You can compare this anime to a detective TV show with a twist. Episode 1 is fantastic, has great pacing and does a strong setup. Then, the show slows down and gives us a bunch of filler introducing new characters and stories. The problem is that the story that is being told here is not big enough to support a long running manga, thus it has been stretched with subpar high school drama. I would say that the manga is propably better, if you decide to skip through a ...
I finally watched new Shinkai's anime and I got very disappointed. The story wasn't interesting and got TOO boring in the middle! Plus the chair part was so stupid tbh. I believe if it wasn't one of shinkai's anime, the point was around 6 or 7, not 8. And I was wondering why they didn't use that famous ost properly? They use is very very short in the beginning of the movie and that was it :/ I was ready to hear it more at the end when everything got settled but there was nothing. It was disappointing too. Like waste of a wonderful ost ...
Chaos Dragon, a.k.a ‘Red Dragon War’ was a project put together by all-star creators Gen Urobochi, Kinoku Nasu, Izuki Kougyoku, Ryogo Narita- the connections with Fate/Zero (Urobochi, Nasu) are so strong that even the first episode is called “Kill One to Save Many” (if you’ve seen F/Z you’ll get the reference). Also if you know each of their styles, you can recognize which characters in the show were designed by whom (and who wrote them); but I think Kougyoku probably designed the main characters as her style is beautiful and Ibuki, Eyhka (the Bounded One), are so incredibly cute it will make you want to watch ...
Unwatchable. This anime must have the most unlikeable MC ever written. It is utterly unbearable to listen to that stuttering train wreck of a human being. If they replaced her with a cardboard cut-out, the anime would perhaps be watchable.. . Anyways, the production values seem really good. The Yuri romance will also surely appeal to plenty of people if that's your thing.. . The story seems fine if extremely cliche. Bunch of big corporations doing their usual dick swinging contest that always involve killing a bunch of innocents, so that our MC gets to have a tragic upbringing.. . Then we have the usual school drama. There must always be ...
This anime is bad (slight spoilers but wont affect ur enjoyment at all). . like.. really bad. If you have any interest in compelling characters or story stay far away from this one, however if you're into jaw dropping animation and gorgeous line work and fantastic fight scenes with wonderful choreography this is the perfect anime to watch.. . The main character is a bland and boring slate the writers choose to do nothing with and Nezuko is cute but just as bland. It's a running theme that each and every character is more annoying and unbearable than the last and i found it not just boring but ...
Ano Natsu de Matteru - A Mediocre Blend of Romance and Sci-Fi. . Rating: 5/10. . Ano Natsu de Matteru is an anime series that attempts to intertwine elements of romance and science fiction, but unfortunately falls short of creating a truly engaging and memorable experience. While it has its moments, the overall execution leaves much to be desired, resulting in a mediocre offering.. . The story follows a group of high school students who come together during their summer break to create a film. However, their plans take an unexpected turn when they encounter an extraterrestrial being, leading to a series of events that challenge their friendships and complicate their ...
The first episode sets up the purpose of the show by the end it is not resolved, wait for season 2. Animation is crisp and vibrant, very high quality and a fresh new style that is great for viewing. The show explores it's main topic of the idol industry giving viewers a more realistic view on how social, and business problems affect people working in the industry. While the larger narrative is nothing new, the setting it takes place in makes for an interesting adventure if you are unfamiliar with the idol industry. The characters themselves by design are quite generic, as the main focus ...
Took me a few episodes to figure this show out.. . In 2006 a little show came out called Inukami. In it a fox spirit (Kitsune) girl fell in love with a human, he however only saw her as a yokai and didn't respond. The girl being a bit on the Tsundre side "punished" the guy whenever he offended her or looked at someone else.. . Ok, take that exact premise only make the guy a dog. Not a dog spirit that spends 90% of the screen time in human form, just a dog. Got it? Crank up the girl's hornyness and Tsundre part to 11... towards a ...
Demon slayer is an anime considered a masterpiece by many watchers of this anime, but in reality the story of demon slayer is very simple. So, why it is one of the most popular animes?. . Story - 5. . The plot is based in Tanjiro Kamado, a 16-year-old boy, the protagonist of the anime. A smart, kind and hard-working boy who used to live happily with his mother and 7 siblings, earning money by selling coal, just like his late father. However, one day when he returned home, he found that his family had been attacked by demons and the only survivor of the attack was his ...
I loved some of this show. It was developing well but fell off a cliff.. . To me it is a 10/10 show until season 5 (Chimera Ant arc). That season was poorly written, and got very childish in its tone.. . I'd still recommend HxH to some but personally I think it's quite over hyped as it never reaches the potential the show promises.. . It starts well and is very immerse. The characters are likeable and have a lot of intruige. Many of the characters have their own stories and goals which gives them much more dimension. Each season is a bit different from the last but all but ...
A great show with one major flaw.. . Yeah, I gave it a score of 8/10, but that's for one specific reason. I loved the comedy. I haven't laughed that hard since watching Kaguya-sama for the first time, and that's high praise. It clicked very well for me. However, I'm sure many people might disagree and find or repetitive or overall bad. That's personal and it's hard to say if you will like it without trying it out first. If you do, that's pretty much enough to keep you engaged the entire season.. . The action is the second best aspect for me. The show is full of visually ...
A simple, nostalgic, and comforting film. Ocean Waves manages to portray a realistic high school experience and the (both desirable and not so desirable) things it entails. The characters are written in a way that makes them feel like actual high school students, each with their own flaws and imperfections. They experience new things together and support each other, but at the same time act childishly and get into overblown arguments. It is these elements that work together to convey the nostalgia of high school memories – the characters make mistakes, but are able to later look back fondly on the memories they've made. The ...
The anime wasn't quite what I expected. I was expecting the action shonnen to elevate my excitement to the max and although the story had plenty of action few moments really got me excited. I don't know if it was because I was promised that I would find a super exciting fight at the end, but I had a lot of expectations, and although the fight was cool, it's hard to feel excited when the protagonist is expressionless the whole time, without showing any feelings. excitement or whatever. I understand the criticism behind it and such but I think I prefer traditional fighting shonnens where ...
I really wish that there was something that I could pull out of this ungodly boring story that just carried on foreve. It's insanely bland and it drags on and on as the result of it. I think the most important episode should have been moved into a much more relevant place then the finale. There is just too little for me to be able to pull together a lot of positive information.. . The characters were actually adequate, a couple were at the top all the time, all of the people he brought in in search of additional cabinet members or food connoisseurs or those that ...
Animation is a little above average. Action scenes are not particularly impressive, but then again not terrible. Backgrounds are fine, and the characters are drawn with enough detail. Nothing impressive, but good enough. Characters are fun, but not terribly deep. I would say the characters are likeable for the right audience, but not for everyone. I think they play off eachother nicely though. The story isn't too deep, but it's different enough and is pretty fun. Pacing, while not amazing, is very competent and keeps things fun. Voice acting is fine. Kind of grating and not all that impressive, but I think the casting is ...
An absolutely bizarre concept of a show.... . While at first glance, the concept of a weak dork who gets magically afflicted with the affection of every delinquent girl in his vicinity sounds hilarious; in the longer term this premise undermines the story it wants to tell.. . Rokudo's goal is to use his power to reform the delinquents into better people; which is noble enough and certainly more interesting than an MC who wants to take advantage of every woman he sees.. . However, thanks to the magic afflicting the majority of the cast, we can't truly invest in their growth. Every woman has been robbed of their agency once ...
Summary:. The anime is based on a light novel series by Miku. It tells the story of Yuuya Tenjou, a boy who has been mistreated and neglected by everyone in his life. One day, he discovers a hidden door in his bathroom that leads to an abandoned house in another world. There, he gains game-like stats and skills, as well as access to powerful weapons and items left by a sage. He decides to use his cheat skills to improve his life in both worlds, becoming unrivaled and unstoppable.. . Review:. The anime is a typical isekai (another world) fantasy with some elements of school life and comedy. It ...
***Attention: I watched this show dubbed for reasons I will elaborate on***. . I dunno; if you like the run-of-the-mill anime you can put on while doing something else, I recommend this show. I tried my hardest to get into it in the beginning and watch it, but just due to the nature of the anime, it is not something I could put all of my attention into. This show became the show that I would put on while making dinner, doing my hair, cleaning my apartment, etc. It is a really good show to do other things because, unlike so many other animes, you don't have ...
"Made in Abyss Movie 3: Dawn of the Deep Soul" continues the compelling and immersive storytelling that fans of the series have come to love. This anime film serves as a direct continuation of the TV series and the previous two movies, delving deeper into the mysterious and treacherous world of the Abyss.. . From the very beginning, Dawn of the Deep Soul sets a darker and more intense tone compared to its predecessors. The plot follows Riko, Reg, and their friends as they embark on a perilous expedition to the fifth layer of the Abyss, known as the Sea of Corpses. As they venture deeper into ...
I don’t know what it was about this that I didn’t like, but after a couple months I can finally write this, it’s cringey. A lot of anime’s have their cringey moments but this anime in general was cringe. I had a hard time getting through the 8 episodes. (That’s how far I got). . It’s really the dialogue because the concept is interesting and reminds me of other anime’s like Future Diary with the “high stakes game” theme. For me it’s the characters and the way the game is set up and it feels predictable and that’s where I feel like it was trying to have ...
I found this show when I was looking for anime similar to Banana Fish and Tokyo Revengers, and while this anime does have some action, it is mostly just dialogue that makes it good. Personally, I had a hard time enjoying it at first because it seemed to be moving at a snail's pace. It starts out with like 5 individual stories belonging to different characters that don't connect in any way for a long time. When things do eventually come together to form the plot, the anime gets much better, but you have to wait like 12 episodes for that to happen. The anime ...
"The Aristocrat's Otherworldly Adventure" get the art right, even combat in some scenes is well done and I was surprised by that, because garbage-tier anime tend to not have good action scenes ("In Another World With My Smartphone", for example).. . This show basically takes the usual Isekai premise and tries to exaggerate it and have fun with it. Yes it can get overbearing sometimes to see every NPC swoon over MC in Isekai shows, but for some reason, in this anime it didn't bother me. Maybe because this show is NOT taking itself seriously, at all. Good art helps a lot getting the director's vision across.. . My ...
Being one of the few anime that have prompted me to write a review, Paprika is an experience to say the least. Full of mind bending animation sequences, its strong suit is the wildly imaginative scenes and fluid, vibrant animation. In a way it feels like the creators of the movie created it just for the sake of creating these wonderful sequences, and the story was written as a secondary thing. The story is really confusing and really weird. The creators of the movie tried to do several different things at the same time with their different characters, and in the process failed to come ...
Beastars works well as a coming-of-age story with well-rounded complex characters that get you invested into their personal lives. Definitely had different feelings towards the show after rewatching it 2 years later. Then again, perspective with media changes over time. That doesn't dimmish the appreciation I have for some of the themes followed in this show. The animation style can be jarring, but not as jarring as shows like Berserk(2016) was for me with its uncanny animation. The animation occasionally will change styles for flashbacks or other specific reasons and those animation styles are quite engaging and very visually cool. It is an odd watch, ...
I am not a fan of Ranking of Kings. It was decent until the ending just ruined everything. I wasn’t too excited for this anthology season, but I just said why not.. . The first 4 episodes were boring as these small stories didn’t add much of anything. It’s only episode 5 afterwards that I found enjoyment in this season. The background story of Ouken and the brothers was actually very interesting and grim. The stories became more relevant and added more motivation to the characters. They still didn’t help the ending of the original show tho.. . Overall, there’s some enjoyable stories that helped the ...
The movie was good and frustrating at the same time.. It is nostalgic to see the team playing again.. The game's pace was great, as well as the music.. I don't know about the animation in some parts; it was great in others not. I don't think the CGI was able to capture the players' feelings accurately.. I don't like the drama, and I do not see any need for it. Salam Dunk is primarily a sports comedy anime.. The movie was about Miyagi Ryouta, which is frustrating, especially since other characters were neglected.. And for those who read the manga, they will see the difference.. The studio tried to present something ...
Summary. This anime is based on a light novel series of the same name, which translates to “Chronicles of an Aristocrat Reborn in Another World: The Apostle of the Gods Who Know No Self-Restraint”. It tells the story of Kazuya Shiina, a young man who dies in his original world after saving two girls from a robber. He is reincarnated as Cain von Silford, the third son of a noble family in a fantasy world. There, he meets the seven gods who rule over the world and grant him their divine protections, giving him cheat-like abilities in various fields. With his new powers and memories, Cain ...
Standard (quite weak) romance, with Isekai unsure why. Apparently, Realiana knows something from the story, but she only uses it three times?. The plot itself has some moments of intrigue or political intrigue, but it is just used as a backdrop element of the setting. It's especially disappointing because the romance begins with intrigue and political gamesmanship.. . If it's a romance, the characters must be essential, right?. - Noah is your typical 'Prince Charming,' and that's about it.. - Realiana has two states (plus an optional third):. - Princess in Trouble - the state in which she is saved by Noah. - A ...
I'd say it was another alright season. This season was just a continuation of him just showing how much rizz he has with his futures wives. For real though it got so bad to the point his future wives were getting him more future wives to join up in his group without any of his consent. It's both a blessing yet a curse because the majority of this season seemed like it was to make the girls happy or getting new girls. Though my favorite parts had to be the story with the Phrases, I think that's how it's spelt, the collecting and growth of ...
This was honestly just a fun anime to watch, it's been a while since an anime made me have fun watching it. The art style is not bad at all, and I enjoy it. The CGI is hilariously bad, but I think that's the point. The story had some interesting twists and even caught me off guard a few times. I enjoyed it a lot so I'm hoping for a season 2. The characters were somewhat typical except for Roy, I did not expect a character like Roy to still exist in 2023 anime, such a menace to society. You will understand if you watch ...
Finally, there is an HD version with clear sound. What I want to say is that it was visually appealing and undoubtedly a good film. However, there were certain points in this film that were quite similar to some scenes in Shinkai's previous films. Overall, it is still beautiful to witness another one of his films.. . One thing I noticed while watching is that the beginning felt rushed, like putting an egg in an unheated pan and waiting for it to heat up. This might be just my opinion, but it really felt rushed to me. That's why the story from the present and the leading ...
the anime is ok for the most part, but my personal gripes are that it follows the story in a non-canonical order and there is way too much fanservicing. all the characters do have the same abilities as in the games but their personalities are flipped to fanon (i.e. flandre gets flanderized) but other than that story progresses basically the same (though there are some extra additions). this anime can be a bit hard to understand if you havent played the games/read the story yet (this was me when i first started watching). . other than that the animation and art quality is pretty good considering this is a ...
I'm really disappointed. I'm afraid I can offer high praise only for the visuals. That just doesn't suffice for me, so I'm close to marking as "Not Recommended".. . As for those visuals, using the two completely different styles for the "two worlds" is nice, too. And I could repeat that it looked really good, even in comparison with all recent anime.. . Music - wasn't bad, but contrary to many reviewers, nothing there caught my interest and I won't be going back. That's contrary to many other anime where I can often find some theme or OP/ED that I like to return to. ...
The good about this show it Violet herself, quality of art and music.. . Bad is almost everything else.. . This show tries to be "right, nice and normal" way too much, just like Nibutani Shinka from Chunibyo. It panders to boomers pacifist hippy views way too much. As if just stopping all wars going to just magically solve everything. This is some sort of conservative dis/utopia (not my kind of utopia) show, that Hayayo Miazaki and One Piece keep making for their fans. Everyone here respects parents, elderly and women. Most men are filled with some form of guilt and most women are all too confident about ...
It's kinda hard to talk about WfM without talking about IBO and the anime airing from the same season ... So IBO and WfM are each one half a good show. . -The first one suffer from inconstant design (All character don't look like they are from the same show, it's uncanny asf) and get zombify at the end of a decent S1. -The second one have good design/more memorable character and improve over his run but have bad S1 and end abruptly to avoid becoming zombified like IBO. . The second season of WfM got a lot of IBO in it, a show about girls called "Witch" piloting demonic ...
Great Overall!!! Unless you don't tolerate his pervert crap.. . The 9 with which I rate this work is only given to the development of most of its characters, they don't act out of character in any moment and their actions and thinking are grounded by their environment and past and its amazing worldbuilding.. . All the echi and perversion filled plot points are disgusting.. . I would love the protagonist and the development he has if it wasn't for the pervert crap the author made him do every single time.. . I love its story and details that will be explored in the next seasons.. . Oh, the art, music and animation ...
Never would I have thought that this Isekai would ever get a sequel, When I found out about this anime getting a 2nd season I was kind of hyped due to the fact that a somewhat old Isekai is getting a sequel years later after the prequel ended airing. I wasn't really expecting much from this show because it is just another generic Isekai and to be honest it was a good thing I didn't expect much because this show really didn't do that good.. . "Isekai wa Smartphone to Tomo ni. 2" compared to its prequel, It really wasn't anything different than what the first season ...
!! FIRST REVIEW !!. . "Ryuu to Sobakasu no Hime" follows the main character, Suzu, who goes under the alias "Bell" in an app called "U". The movie follows her as she finds out who the Beast is and shows her development and struggle of her true identity and confidence. A lot of people said this was another take on a well-known tale "Beauty and the Beast", which was another reason for people to be excited about. However, the whole movie left most people feeling confused and unsatisfied, with many plot holes, unsolved questions, and so on.. . Story - 5/10. Reading the synopsis on MAL, I was really ...
This anime doesn't really bring anything new to the table, it brings *everything* to the table. This anime is a parody that lays down trope after trope while cramming entire arcs into each episode behind super cheesy lines. Nearly everything that happens is an overexaggerated play on things that happen in other fantasy anime.. . I think the biggest issue with the anime is that this does not seem to be what it was well marketed as. However, getting upset at this anime for not taking itself seriously is like shunning Scary Movie for being a bad true horror movie. This anime isn't here to develop ...
If I have to describe this show in few words then I would say it’s pretty average. Story is as usual as any typical cultivation donghua but what makes it pretty average is it’s MC. Yup, main character of this show is one of the dumbest MC I have ever seen. I don’t know what’s wrong with makers/ writers of this show…there is no character development, main character just fool around, flirt with every girl that he meet and thanks to shitty luck he somehow manages to power up. After these many episodes one might expect some development in character’s overall behaviour but here there ...
I Will Write Write This Review Spoiler Free. . I feel very conflicted on how to rate this, on the one hand, it doesn't leave you feeling good in the end, its like My Lie In April but more depressing. On the other hand, very few anime make me feel such emotion even if that emotion isn't a good one. Oooku: The Inner Chambers is only worth watching for a very specific type of person. If you like a Tragic Romance anime that is very dark than this may appeal to you. If you are person who would like to watch an anime and not feel like ...
Attack on Titan, one of the anime series to become the most popular since it started airing. Fight and survive, that's all it used to be about. It created a captivating story because life was so short and if you screwed up, you ended yours. With Attack on Titan: Final Season airing, it does feel like we lose a bit of a that. I'll assume you've seen the prequel seasons for the purposes of this review.. . Story: Attack on Titan: Final Season skips us ahead multiple years after Eren and friends finally reached the wide open ocean following the end of the ...
Alright boys, let's buckle up and put on our big boy pants and ready ourselves to watch an anime about the experience of doge x 2D anime girl. What can go wrong?. . ........ . I've seen both the anime and the manga and never before in my life I had to ask myself, "What the fuck am I watching?" while reading or watching an anime. This shows screams "DEGENERACY" at you for every single second you find yourself watching it. Heck, this "anime" has ventured way too far into the hentai category. I'm surprised it isn't hentai. Every 5 minutes I had to recite "O Lord, repent me ...
I'll start this off by saying that I gave Neon Genesis Evangelion an 8/10. I really like the concept and although I wasn't completely disappointed in the last few episodes like many people were, I was excited to see the movie to see what really happens. But... I didn't really get that. Or at least, I saw stuff happen, but it didn't make sense.. . Story - 3. The first half and second half of the movie are very different. The first half feels a bit more like a classic NGE episode, but somehow less dramatic, even though this should be the most dramatic point in the ...
Too slow paced, too boring.. . Seen one post-apocalyptic scenery, you've seen them all. Seen one pair of clueless teenagers trying to figure out life with bubbling hormones, you've seen them all.. . I can appreciate the good production values the show presents, but there's a fat zero anything interesting going on.. . Some disaster apparently fell on the world and now everything is in ruins. Why? No idea. Some monsters roam about? Why? Don't know. But apparently they're not much of a problem because people are happy just setting up communities anywhere without a care in the world, despite the monsters being bullet proof and whatnot.. . Then we have two ...
TONIKAWA: Over The Moon For You Season 2 continues the journey between Nasa and Tsukasa and while there is certainly some magic still to be found between our newly wed couple, there series really doesn't mix up the formula enough to make this rom-com enough of an easy recommendation. I'll assume you've seen season 1 for the purposes of this review - the SNS and Uniform episodes are nice to watch, but aren't required.. . Story & Characters: The second season starts us off with our couple needing a place to stay after their little place burns down. Their journey takes us to the Arisugawa's ...
Anime with an interesting proposal that captivates you in the first minutes and intrigues you during the first 4 episodes. The direction of the first and second episodes are fantastic.. . But from the 5th episode onwards the anime starts to get weird and the air of mystery is thrown aside with the appearance of new characters and new powers.. . I believe my biggest problem was with the script that seemed to get lost in the middle to the end of the series, some things happen without much apparent explanation and the ending seems like the standard ending of an episode lost in the middle of the series.. . It's ...
"You're wrong! The reason we came to the comic-con is because we are all friends. Here, we have cosers, boys dressed as girls, and people into other content. There is no discrimination! If you call them perverts, then WHAT are YOU!?" - Qi's father, episode 11.. . . Story 7/10. . The story is told for the most part from Yang Wei and Tong Qi's point of view and sometimes from other characters, it doesn’t make it hard to follow but you do notice as if some part of the plot is not told to you due to the new items, characters and their unexplained actions appearing all of the ...
Good little start to the next season. It explains what happen to Slyphy's side of the story after the incident. And how she became a friend/ servant of another royal. Not sure if this really needed a review lol, but like I said it's a good start to season 2. Though this next season setting is pretty much just going to be in the school only. So they switched from adventuring to school life, when I read the manga it didn't really have anything it was building up to, so I find it interesting on how they'll adapt this into the anime as it does ...
Rule: I start at 5, and add or take away points based on anything that stood out. I have listed below.. . +1 Complete Story Arc. +1 Engaging Throughout. +1 Serious Feels (Mostly the feeling I get when the elevators close, especially if the screen pans up to the masks after they close). . The story is unique, and not predictable. The art good. The characters are well-rounded, even the characters that are only around for 1 episode. It's a good 12 episodes. I appreciate when a story makes a point, and reaches that point, without plot or relationship armor on any of the characters. This has some really dark themes, ...
Talentless Nana is a really enjoyable show from start to finish that's unfortunately kneecapped by overly repetitive episode structures and the story being left on an indefinite cliffhanger.. . (This review is spoiler free with only minor allusions to events of the first episode throughout). . Let's start with the good first!. . Talentless Nana has an incredibly compelling premise, as revealed in episode 1. I can't speak to the details without spoiling things, but rest assured that the gears get turning very quickly and keep you hooked. The plot is rather breakneck in speed by most single season anime standards, and it's honestly a nice refresher from the all-too-common ...
This is the best anime of the spring season of 2023, although, no, it might just be the best anime ever made. Aoi Akashiro is a genius, and that says it all. If you're a fan of unpredictable plot, unexpected twists and turns, you've come to the right place.. . I'll start my second paragraph by repeating: Aoi Akashiro is a genius. You don't believe in God? Are you an atheist? Are you a scientist? After watching this anime, you will discard your ridiculous principles, because there is a goddess here - LOLI! Even if you're not an atheist, why worship all sorts of Buddhas, Poseidons, ...
While the animation isn't incredible it is fairly decent. Action scenes aren't super flashy, but they're still fairly fluid. Backgrounds are decent, character animations are decent, again not terribly impressive, but decent. The characters aren't super deep, but they are fun, fairly likeable, and bounce off eachother fairly well. Story is again fun, also fairly unique, but not really deep in any particular way. Pacing is good, it gets a tiny bit slow after episode 6, but picks up again towards the end. While the voice acting isn't terribly impressive, it is well cast and not grating, which is nice. The soundtrack is good, but ...
Story was confusing, and really dumb. 3/10. Had me confused, then help me realize and then the things that enemy done in the end got me confused again.. . Animation changed from bad to worse at times 4/10. . Op and ed was good 6/10. . Characters 5/10 saving point is chibura siblings especially kasumi.. . Ichika delusional hero was cringe, annoying and beyond stupid and boring i was happy every second he wasnt on screen.. His childhood friend/crush Canaria was typical airhead who was useless most of time unless she is singing and giving them strenght using her powers (her song was really nice i enjoyed it).. Chibura siblings Kasumi was typical cool badass ...
Boku no Pico is one of the most popular, but also one of the most hated (or I could say the most) hated hentai ever made, as well as the first shotacon anime ever. It originally started as this OVA right here. This series itself has its own good things as well as bad things.. . The animation is good for the time it was made, can't really blame it much, even though there are so many animated shows with a better animation that came out around that time. The story is okay, it could've been better. But it's still okay! The soundtrack is one of the ...
I hope they learn from this and avoid rush outsourcing any more episodes of Mushoku Tensei ever again, it's not worth it. I watched this without knowing it was from a different production company and I was quite upset about the prospect of the entire season being like this. If this was what MT became then I wonder how long I'd keep watching.. . It didn't take 10 seconds for me to realize something was up with the animation quality and the entire episode I was noticing more and more rough edges. Rough lines, muted color pallete, shoddy movement, tons of closeups or still shots, lack ...
Just finished the 13th episode of this...whatever it was. Wanted to spew some thoughts, because holy mama this was a doozy. The best way I can describe it is vanilla frozen yogurt. Its sweet, so its tastes okay at first, but its generic and reminds you of better things to eat. You end up finishing it just because you were almost done anyways.. . Art is kinda nice, when its not moving. If it moves at all.... - It isn't apparent at first, but to avoid animation, they'll have our view distorted by a random object or hold WAY too long on a shot. This gets worse ...
The first cour or season of Jigokuraku has some serious quality issues, although it was enjoyable overall. Honestly the most disappointing thing was the "high" of the first episode before it mostly fell off a cliff and sort of muddled around until it somewhat got its footing back. The first episode is well paced, intentional, of high quality animation, and deliberately contemplative and mature. But then the dialogue, pacing, amount of attention, animation, and directing seems to have experienced some huge budget cut. The most annoying part is the abrupt change in temperament and personality the main characters experience from the first to the second ...
After a long time, I decided to rewatch Ah!Megami-sama, to remember the feeling of nostalgia for the time when I was just a student who got home tired from school, dying to escape reality, and I remember that this anime was one of the many that resonated with me.. . And I wasn't disappointed, that good feeling I get when I open the episode and watch it, even if it's just following Belldandy's day to day, singing the opening and ending songs. All of this made the time well worth it.. . But rewatching it now, I became aware of things that in the past hadn't bothered me. Keiichi ...
I started giving isekais a chance, this is the second one I'm watching! if the review is bad, forgive me, it's my first time 😵. the anime as a whole gave me a good laugh, there were a few hours that it was impossible not to become joker and I was bordering on the insanity of committing 98 crimes.. I ignored a lot of those typical obligatory isekai moments and found it nice to watch.. the story is ok, I liked the plot that was having to scare them but like... out of nowhere I saw the birth of a Light 2.0 in this protagonist... and I was ...
I'm glad to see Sylphy again, but I would have liked them to delve deeper into the character's story. Perhaps they condensed the episode too much, only 23 minutes where they don't really conclude anything except for the friendship with the princess, which still feels empty. I like that the episode had action and political intrigue, but it didn't delve into any character, which takes away the impact for us as viewers. I would have liked to know more about Sylphy beyond just being the protagonist's friend. Lastly, considering the worsened animation quality, the truth is that this episode gives a rather decadent impression. My ...
Animation is fair. The action isn't terribly flashy, but is fairly fluid. There are some pretty decent backgrounds, but characters are not drawn with all that much detail. The characters are pretty cliche, and also pretty empty, although some of them are kind of enjoyable. The story has a fair amount of twists in it, but the way those twists are executed is just dumping exposition on the viewer. Pacing is not bad, maybe a little too fast from time to time, but it manages to make a fairly average show somewhat enjoyable. Voice acting is bad, the casting is all over the place, half ...
Demon slayer, you know it, I know it, your mom probably knows it too. When season one released, it broke the internet. When the movie released, rengoku was everywhere. Season 2 didn't attract as much attention, but the final fight sequence still made the rounds. So finally, we got to season 3, and everyone has been awfully quiet. In fact, the internet has been so quiet about it, that I completely forgot there was a new season and was only reminded when MoistCr1TiKaL of all people made a video about it. So I binged it in two days and I now fully understand why nobody ...
Hi to you who is reading this, here is my very brief and short review or something more of an impression this show left on me.. . This review does not contain any spoilers.. . I feel like this show had a lot of potential. From a couple of pictures I have seen online, the show looked quite interesting, be it for it's theme, characters and overall artstyle. Right from the start, the show got me really hooked and I was extremely excited to watch another episode. The first like 5 or so episodes were insanely good - a solid 9/10 I would say. But then a lot of ...
Hell's Paradise has been a show that I've been eagerly waiting for, for a really long time. The mere fact that it was made by one of Fujimoto's assistants was intriguing and made me wait for the anime which is animated by studio Mappa (the same studio that made chainsaw man) instead of reading the manga, But then the show came out and well I have some stuff that i would like to say about it.. . Story (5/10). . Though it is rather disappointing for me to give the story of hell’s paradise this score, I think that the score I have given the story is rather ...
I guess I don't know why I expected something special out of this. It is exactly the same as any other Konosuba production. I liked the first season, but the second left of it to be desired in the movie was terrible simply because nothing happens. Nothing changes. The characters are all still idiots. There is no fluctuation in how they behave. Once a great while it would be nice to see some one of them, especially Kazuma, to have a slight turn of unselfish behavior. Or act out for someone else's good.. . With that in mind, we got continued behavior, though it was solely by ...
Now let me just say this, I love isekai to the point where I read the manga, and magically an anime adaption releases out of nowhere. What can I say? It's my guilty pleasure. But man... this anime left me with such a conflicting view on the series. The manga was ok but the anime was honestly really bad.. . I debated what made me dislike this more than other generic isekai animes, simple: OP and Powercreep. The world + plot building is so big which can be a good thing, but when you have a 12 episode anime where the MC has to go from ...
So I came back to this anime after years, and I do mean years, of not paying it any attention. Truthfully, I should have probably avoided it. This anime isn't bad, it's just average to a boring degree. Top that with it clearly being a product of its time, and you get an average anime with fanservice that no one should go back to. That being said, I enjoyed taking a trip down memory lane myself and there is some value in this title. Just not enough for me to recommend it. That sums it up if you want to stop reading, more details are ...
This is sooooo boring. The plot is simple but the narration is really hard to understand: it just constantly fills you with events without explanations. You just have to accept what happens in every single episode without really asking "why" because the brief answer the show would give you just leave you with more doubts.. So you just have to passively see things happen. And guess what? Most of these things are disturbing! I mean I am a grown adult and my stomach does not shake for something like this but I simply would have enjoyed more seeing videos of bees collecting their honey or birds ...
Honestly, this show is more than decent. As many of the reviews I've seen have already pointed out, it just doesn't deliver many of its promises that it sets up. I went in wanting typical shoujo tropes but with the unique angle of a character getting comeuppance of some kind as the title indicated would happen. Instead plot shenanigans sort of took over by the last few episodes and there's no resolution to anything. What made it more frustrating was that it felt like the show was intentionally setting up reasons to hate the target of the revenge to make the revenge all the sweeter ...
Kind of the same song and dance as season 1 in most ways. The story had slightly more depth at times than season 1, and one of the side characters actually has some depth. However, the intro wasn't as good. So overall if you liked season 1, you'll like this season too. It's still cute and enjoyable, but just not that impressive. To reiterate what I wrote for season 1: Animation is fairly average, no flash, but some decent looking backgrounds from time to time. Characters have fairly little detail though. Characters, while likeable, have very little depth. Story is mostly basic, there are some ...
The expert level animation is the only thing holding this together. Story is about a 2 out of 10, but the animation is stunning to the point that I'd rate this a 6.. The characters are shallow and cliché, as are the plot points and story arcs. It has the typical guy MC fawning over a typical manic pixie dream girl that he wants to save and, in a way, saves him. It's just cheap. Made me want to shower afterwards.. There is literally nothing more to say about the story because there is simply nothing to it. The story is just weak glue for the ...
The first short's the best, the second's the most fun, and the third one's just boring. As any anthology, it's a very mixed bag.. . It's an incredibly animated work, starting with a space adventure, with a cosmic tone of slight horror. Beautifully animated, interesting story, but not that entertaining. It explores grief with the likes of futuristic technology, and it's pretty good at showing the mysteries of how the future can entail personal pain. It's the best, no doubt, but even then, I didn't find it that memorable. 7/10.. . Even if the second one doesn't try to explore an important theme, or something with a higher ...
So I finally watched one of the most talked about hyped up anime films ever. I was a little disappointed. So I'll start off with the things that I liked about Akira. straight off the bat. I liked the animation. the voice acting and the soundtrack. the animation was so good for when it came out. it's even better than some animes that are airing now. The voice acting was incredible. I watched it in sub. and the soundtrack was really really engaging. later on in the movie I liked the action scenes and the story.. . however, at the beginning of the movie for the ...
3 basic white panties out off 10. . The show is great if you have a humiliation fetish and not worth it if youre not. Even if youre into panties the pay off is lack luster at best.. . The situations "you" get into are just stupid and fun enough to fulfill some wish you probably had daydreaming as a kid. But also its presented very boringly. With a few minutes of build up and finally the model showing you her panties in a break your neck turn of events.. . The other problem is the panties are so basic. White panties with a different color frill or some ...
Man, when did Korean webcomics start getting popular? Enough so that they actually get animated? I have no clue. I have to admit, my first exposure to the long strip Korean webcomics, or webtoons as they're called, was when I first heard about one called The Monster Duchess and the Contract Princess (Officially localized by Tapas as The Monstrous Duke's Adopted Daughter), and first reading it, I had a really hard time adjusting to the fact that every chapter was just super long strips with a LOT of space in between panels. But I liked the series enough that I read more of it, though ...
Watching shows together with someone to discuss it as (and after) you're watching it is always a good idea. It helps you recontextualize everything. In the case of this one, I decided to watch it together with my brother.. The first two episodes were... confusing, really. Mainly thanks to the pacing, which was awful.. But it gave us something.. . Hope.. . Hope for a show that could outgrow it's initial clunkiness, and could surpass itself to become something truly great and memorable. It was mainly the visuals and symbolism in the opening and ending, and it's unique premise that gave us this feeling.. However, as we watched on, we quickly noticed ...
I'm gonna focus on Jigokuraku as an adaptation mainly considering the part of the story it covers is very early manga-wise. I reviewed this while it was airing while on episode 4 but i feel i need to re-write this.. . The first few episodes actually got me really interested on how the story will pan out, because they seemed rather slow, but after reading the manga, I'm really glad the anime kept it that way with the necessary worldbuilding, character building.. Jigokuraku will put on the forefront people's emotions and backstories and use them as the pillar of the story's and character's progression.. . The problem is that ...
After hearing so many good things about this show I had to check it out, then after watching it for a bit I had to drop it. And no I'm not going to like the 2011 version more.. . The only character I remotely enjoy is Kurapika. Killua is typical shonen edge boi so far and Gon is unremarkable. Leorio exists... I don't see anything special or endearing about this cast. Interesting considering that Yu Yu Hakusho has arguably the greatest cast of all time and this is written by the same person so he should know how to make interesting characters. Perhaps I am simply too ...
Overlord Season 1. . If I had to describe the anime in one word it would be "interesting".. The premise, while overused, had enough unique elements to make it special. The world-building is fair, nothing out of the ordinary in either way.. The story takes its time, so around ep7 when there are two ways it can go, the course is still uncertain.. The characters are almost all stationary, but they are that by design, so the entertaining element is not in the direction of their arc, but in the learning of their character.. . The culmination of those things is Overlord's biggest catch, and its biggest flaw at the same time.. It's ...
Season two of WFM came out of the gates swinging. Interesting political developments that had me on the edge of my seat and, real and personal consequences in response to actions and trauma. This all culminated in a truly amazing mid season.. . Art and music has been phenomenal throughout, truly a treat for anyone's eyes and ears.. . However, the ending truly dropped the ball. Careful planning and character growth was thrown to the wayside for the sake of a rushed and neat happy ending. I'm disappointed. I truly thought it was going to be a 9 or even a 10, but the ending ended up denigrating it ...
Mushoku Tensei is probably my favourite anime as of right now, and my all time favourite fictional story.. . I want to keep optimistic, but this episode did fall short on my expectations. I read the LN so I have the context, and even then this episode was a little hard to follow. It wasn't just the drop in animation quality that we were all expecting, because season 1 was just too ridiculous, but the direction this episode took was strange. They gave you just enough cookie crumbs to get an idea of the situation, and that was likely due to the constraints that they had to ...
Yeah I was also baited into watching this because of how high the first episode got on the charts. It really was a mid episode, it just had a lot of content/things going on which makes you hope for a lot more in the season. After that is just boring content. Some of the episodes are arguably filler episodes too in my opinion. The characters are definitely the strong point of this show, but I didn't really care for any of them. The worst of them all is Aqua, who's just like any other shounen you see in anime & with a convenient back story ...
Hell’s Paradise is a very odd entry to the Samurai/Ninja genre, beginning with standard fare, before venturing off into a grotesque nightmarish dreamscape.. . The anime had a lot of great components that immediately drew me in: An incredibly good op/ed, ninjas, samurai, and a cast of unknowns with hidden abilities and sketchy pasts. They were setting off to search for a mystical elixir of immortality, which seemed like a cool fantasy element. But after the first couple episodes you realize to either your pleasure or disappointment that its the other way around; it is a complete fantasy story with just a real world element.. . The ...
As far as the score, I went with a four. Generally a four from me just means aspects like story, acting, art, etc. left a lot to be desired, but there was enough there that 1) I'd be open to watching it again someday and 2) I can definitely still see the appeal. Here I gave Hitorijime My Hero a four not so much based on the content, believe it or not, but because this show had a lot of potential but fell flat too many times and just didn't have enough to make up for it, which sometimes made it a frustrating watch. This ...
Power fantasy as if written by an actual teenager.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 7/10. -----------------------------------------------. . The art style is quite pretty and clean, and designs good. However the animation is very bare bones, only occasionally alleviated by some subtle 3D use which is nice, but ultimately for such a style of anime, weak animation really hurts it.. . . Sound / Music / Voice Acting - 7/10. ...
The first episode is an '1 hour 20 minutes long film that will introduce us the main character of the anime: The Ooku. It was for me a nice choice, telling a hole story to show us the manner that place works and make us wonder how thigs get to this point, as it did it to the xogun. At same time most of the people showed in theis first episode (and was a lot), make the viewer more confused than bringing something to the table.. . In the following episodes the characters hasn't the maniqueist aprouch we used see in most anime, they have depth ...
I suggest not reading reviews before watching a story as it can ruin the element of surprise. I gave this a 10. What I will say is that it's an old animation that some people won't find that emotional due to it's 2000s storytelling style. Nowadays modern anime focus on flashy and "cool" animations without uniqueness and substance. Jin-Rou is a good example of a movie with unique substance. It's a rather straightforward and short movie that can leave a lot desired like Princess Mononoke. Keep an open mind that these movies are old and are what shaped similar animations, tropes and stories today. Whether ...
Gunslinger Girls, but with less trauma, less thoughts... It's cheap, off brand, temu Gunslinger Girls. More plot holes, absolute zero understanding of hacking - what was funny in Cowboy Bebop doesn't work anymore. Many annoying things.. . Budget went mostly for first and last 4 episodes.. . Tropes. Not the worst case but if you've seen a couple of action/cgdct you'll roll your eyes.. . If you are tech savvy beyond incorrectly putting batteries into remote, your eyes will hurt from rolling.. . If you understand basic physics, you'll hate this show.. . If you know anyone after heart surgery you'll facepalm at certain plot points which could have been omitted with single internet ...
If your diet primarily consists of anime, there's very little meat. It's mostly dessert, quick tastes of shows that are easy to digest and leave you feeling good but lack real weight or sustenance. You don't see a lot of anime that can successfully find a place between "i'm 14 and this is deep" and "completely meaningless" - both “empty-comfy” and “valueless” types of meaningless. I would go so far as to say the medium of anime abuses its visual similarity to Western cartoons to actively avoid making its viewer really chew on those important issues - it’s digestible, it’s understandable, good and evil, quips ...
7/10. . Sadly this was a show I was highly anticipating but this part was just a filler season which was a little disappointing. The characters and the trouble they get into was still fun and the character development has been good. It was kind of predictable that they were going to give us some story by the end of the show which was what you get but the rest is just fun and random episodes. I hope the second season wont be like this because if so then this show would just lose its edge. The action and ideas were unique though, not your cliche ...
it's pretty much telling how low the standards truly are in the anime fandom. This is not a "good" gundam series much less a "good" mecha series. there's absolutely no coherent development of its themes. what exactly G-witch wanted to accomplish? The Privatisation of War? well it doesn't explore it all except to make some jokes about it in the first season and then mention here and there that there are stockholders of certain technology just to later been dropped entirely in the final episode for a cheap resolution.. . what about war? what war? there's conflict on Earth to be explored but it's left off-screen ...
I wouldn't recommend it unless you are really bored, maybe the source material is better but the quality of the animation and pacing is just bad. Sometimes the animation is ok but mostly when the girls are goofing around, the girls are eyecandy and the style is attractive, maybe an anime for a bored afternoon, in fact the anime would have been so much better if they focused in that eye candy, it's all it had besides the power fantasy. power fantasies are cool... but this one was poorly executed.... tldr; only redeeming quality is the girls, wish they focused on them.
It's like a lot of other anime movies, not canon, but has a high budget.. TLDR.: If you can go in with that in mind, with low expectations and can turn off your brain... Then you'll have a good time.. . The animation looks amazing. Which is the biggest, and almost only, reason to watch this movie. (And why it got 6/10 from me and not lower). . However, it also, doesn't fit into the timeline at all, doesn't make much sense, and a lot is hand waved away for the sake of the plot to go the way it does.. There is pretty much no substance to the story and ...
There’s definitely stuff to like here, but my general thoughts on basically every aspect of this show is that they’re kinda half-baked.. . For example, I really like the premise. It’s an easy setup to get into and a fantastic opportunity for interesting world-building, scenery, and intrigue. However, I feel like this is not capitalized on fully and the show suffers from it quite a bit. Everything’s just “fine” (a strong word, yes), instead of “great” as it could’ve been. Most of these potentially good parts of the show come across as unimaginative and give off the vibe that the author didn’t dare to experiment with ...
The second season was an expected life-changing twist in the story that would take the show back to the "real Gundam" side, ditching the much-maligned "high school romantic comedy" format of the first season. And to be honest, the start really seemed promising when the show took the first season finale, which many called "one episode worth 11 episodes of mindless high school nonsense" and ran with it. But unfortunately, having dealt with a number of the problems of the 1st season, the 2nd season created its own.. . First of all, it is the pace and writing depth. This is the shortest TV Gundam ever, only ...
Opus.COLORs was an Ok anime at best, they put the whole devolepment in only 2 characters, and say "fuck it" for the rest of the cast. The only thing saving this anime of beign just bad, its the super emotional final. When I watched episode 12 I was SOBBING. This is so good but I am so sad that this anime is so mid, no world construction or side characters devolpment. Still pretty OK. If the ending was a LITTLE worse it would be a 5/10 easily. I'm glad they knew what they were doing, they knew really well their whole point was only 2 ...
Mobile Suit Gundam: The Witch From Mercury is a visually excellent sci-fi action show but suffers from its incredibly ill-defined world. The usual Gundam charm and polish with mech combat can only make up so much for the vagueness of its political and societal structures. As an ironic consequence, despite Gundam being considered a sci-fi classic that has stuck to the harder end of that spectrum, it is difficult for a viewer in that demographic to enjoy WFM. While the characters are certainly brought to life with fantastic voice acting and dramatic moments, it is hard to be sold and invested in them when the ...
Animation is pretty average. There are some decent backgrounds, but the character animation detail is fairly average. There really isn't any action other than a couple of minor scenes. It's not flashy, but general movement of characters and other things is fairly fluid. Characters are fairly likeable, but don't really have any depth to speak of. Story is pretty basic with a few intriguing aspects. Pacing is slow, but not unbearable. It did struggle to keep my attention after the first time I watched the show. Voice acting is pretty average, casting isn't bad and the voice acting isn't too grating. However, the performances are ...
I sincerely yearned that I would enjoy this movie more than I did. Alas, you just can't have everything now, can you? Somehow though, this movie became something of a guilty pleasure.. . I won't soothe the point here, this movie isn't technically good, and it is clear as day. Any human being watching this would have eyebrows raising at the wack, cheesy dialogue and question where these directors found the desperate salaryman who would now want to work as a voice actor on top of their already garbage job for that extra yen. I mean, seriously, you can be one of those people that likes everything, ...
This series is all kinds of bad, it is dumpster fire levels of bad, and yet it is so bad, that it is good.. This is pure guilty pleasure, it is trash anime at its best, it is incredibly entertaining and I spent a lot of time laughing at how bad this thing was.. . The animation is bad, the writing is bad, the world building is non-existent, and the characters aren't given any growth or any real depth to their characters.. . Someone I know described this series perfectly it's "high school Rudy from Jobless Reincarnation in a video game isekai and give him the power to return back ...
Oshi no Ko, touted as a captivating anime series, has left me nothing short of disappointed. . The plotline of Oshi no Ko is a convoluted mess. It attempts to blend elements of horror, mystery, and supernatural themes, but the execution falls flat. The story lacks cohesion, with erratic pacing that alternates between slow, drawn-out scenes and rushed plot developments. This inconsistency severely hampers the viewer's immersion, making it difficult to stay engaged with the narrative.. . Furthermore, the characters in Oshi no Ko are underdeveloped and lack depth. The protagonist, Aqua, is unremarkable and fails to evoke any significant emotional connection. The supporting characters suffer the same fate, ...
The mecha genre has undergone significant evolution, raising questions about its current relevance. While some detractors dismiss AMAIM Warrior at the Borderline as a cheap Gundam knockoff, a closer examination of modern mecha titles, including Gundam itself, reveals how the genre has transformed to cater to the preferences of a new generation. Traditional tropes and elements have been reimagined and reshaped, aligning with the changing tastes and demands of contemporary anime audiences. This observation is not solely based on personal claims; even Takuya Okamoto, the producer of Witch from Mercury at studio Sunrise, acknowledges that classic Gundam titles no longer resonate with modern viewers. ...
Hell's Paradise was hyped up to a degree that few shows ever are; being compared to IPs like Chainsaw Man and Jujutsu Kaisen in the "dark trio" (as some people came to call the group), set it up with some very reputable competition. That was a pretty major detriment to it.. . I expected more-- this is maybe the most neutral I've ever felt about any show like this one.. . It has some moments were it executes competent, emotionally aware writing-- especially with Gabimaru's character --but those moments were pretty scarce. The rest more-or-less fell into the box of standard shonen action, with all of the tropes ...
Like me, your interest in this show was probably piqued by the absolutely bonkers OP that you saw on Youtube or that a friend showed you. And just like me, you were probably also somewhat disappointed with the show's actual content, but that’s not to say it didn’t have some stuff worth talking about.. . Most of my enjoyment of this show comes from the effort put into making it feel like an early 2000s show, an era of anime that I, myself am a very big fan of. So it's kind of just nostalgia bait for that era through and through, an idea I support but ...
MAPPA continues to take interesting projects under its wing, and this time it's Hell's Paradise, a manga that has repeatedly made it to the top of the best shōnen. The manga itself is written and illustrated by Yuji Kaku, and its chapters were published in the Shōnen Jump + supplement magazine.. . The plot of the show is simple enough, from the beginning it feels like you know what to expect from the finale (or even the entire work). Here's a pack of heroes, they're sent with a set goal to a place from which (almost) no one has ever returned alive. The mood is set, ...
Hell's Paradise, despite its promise of thrilling fights and a captivating world, stumbles out of the gate with a heavy reliance on forced exposition. The stage is set for a treacherous journey with an explanation of the processes of beheading from our main character, Gabimaru. Meanwhile, an executioner struggles to decapitate him with a sword—a seemingly invincible boy who just wants to die. He explains his history, motivations, and flaws to a stranger who randomly interviews him in prison. Almost all the information we learn about the protagonist is delivered lazily through forced exposition. Whether narration in non-diegetic form, flashbacks, or characters uttering their backstory, ...
First of all, a quick writer’s note, as I’m writing this, it is June 30th, and it’s late at night, and I’ll be heading to bed right after I write this. The final episode of Hell’s Paradise airs in around nine to ten hours, and I’m just starting on my review. I did this intentionally though, to imitate a MAPPA style of production, rushing and submitting the work just a bit before it’s due to see how poorly this review will turn out.. . Studio MAPPA has been known for taking on big name action or shounen titles as of late, with the likes of Jujutsu Kaisen, ...
While I applaud Toei for trying something different (the three stories in one movie thing), I don’t think it really worked overall.. . Story 1 (7/10) - This skit was cute enough, the animation was nice, and the story managed to get across even without words. I can’t rate it any higher since it didn’t have that much to do with Flora or this season specifically, and could really be have been done with any children’s anime character, but it was still sweet.. . Story 2 (5/10) - Although taking up the majority of the screen time, this was definitely the weakest of the three, dragging down my overall ...
Introduction:. The wonderful animation Amagi Brilliant Park transports viewers to a fantasy amusement park that is overflowing with charm and wonder. Based on the light novel by Shoji Gatoh, this delightful anime combines aspects of comedy, fantasy, and romance to provide an unforgettable and engrossing experience.. . Animations and Visuals:. Amagi Brilliant Park has excellent animation that beautifully depicts its vivid universe. From the vibrant and creative character designs to the exquisitely depicted amusement park scenery, the attention to detail is admirable. The park itself is a visual delight because to its imaginative attractions and surreal surroundings. The enchantment and wonder that permeate every picture draws viewers farther into ...
aaah... I really wanted to enjoy this anime as much as it was hyped and God knows how I really waited for that to happen but in the end, it just felt flat and I was a little disappointed.. . I will not go into an in-depth review but I will touch on the main key points that stood out to me without trying to spoil anything.. . I will start by saying despite a few comments I saw later online the first episode was by far the best episode of the whole season which now, looking at the whole picture is a little sad. Despite being the best ...
Mashle is decidedly average in every aspect. Its characters? We’ve seen them a million times. Over-exaggerated comedy? We have that too. Plagiarism disguised as parody? ALL OVER THE PLACE. But I gotta give credit where credit is due: the animation is alright.. . :). . That’s it.. . Really. There is nothing more to praise Mashle for.. . So now, let’s talk about the bad:. . ...
A romance anime that initially delivers a slightly different proposition. A boy who doesn't know how to lie discovering the secret of a vampire in his class.. . During the anime more secrets of other characters are presented, and until then the anime was very fun. However, from episode 6 onwards, the plot begins to decline and what was fun in the anime began to take a backseat.. . The introduction of some characters from episode 6 made the anime quite disappointing with the direction it took, along with its ending, which opens the door for a second season, but does not bring the feeling that the story has ...
Orphen was a cool anime but if you think about it a little, it became a bad anime. It has nice fights, good characters and their goals are interesting. It has good animations and amazing Mai Fuchigami songs. But it’s only this. I could only recommend it if you want a medieval fantasy anime with some mysteries (unfortunately most of them don’t have answers). It’s only a cool anime with good characters and a lot of wasted potential.. . I’ll miss the anime, I won’t lie. I like this anime a lot but when I start to analyze it, we have a lot of problems.
a random post on the blue bird app with the name that shall not be mentioned reminded me of this show and rekindled the hatred i have for it and i have to scream about this on this platform, if you love gender essentialism, welcome, this show is for you, if not, do yourself a favor and pretend this never existed, trust me i know. . mal doesnt let me post it like this so i'll answer their shitty little questions. . is the story unique? wendy's burgers are more unique than this bullshit. do you think the artstyle is fitting for the story? it's anime bruv spoiler alert ...
There are two worlds in Black Rock Shooter: one that is normal, and one that is vast, mysterious, and sparse in population. It's clear to me that both worlds are connected, but it's unclear how they are connected other than the character's resemblances (Mato and the Black Rock Shooter, Yomi and the Dead Master, and Yuu and Strength) and the last scene before the credits where Mato and the Black Rock Shooter become one. What seems most likely to me is that Yomi merged with/became the Death Master when she became envious with Mato's new friend Yuu, and then the battle that's played in sporadic ...
In the realm of endless AniManga content that we've been consuming over the last 20 odd years or so, certain series have stood out for one reason or another. Take mangaka Tatsuki Fujimoto's Chainsaw Man for example: it's grotesque; it's full-on intense action; and above it, we all simp the hell out of Makima for the woof effects. Now we switch gears to mangaka Shuhei Miyazaki's Boku to Roboko a.k.a Me and Roboco, which is a parody manga that makes fun of all of the IPs that it can get its hands on. And have you ever posed this question in your mind: "Hmm, if ...
An Ambitious Journey Hindered by a Cringe-Worthy Harem. . . “Isekai de Cheat Skill wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Genjitsu Sekai wo mo Musou Suru: Level Up wa Jinsei wo Kaeta” takes viewers on a thrilling adventure filled with promise, but unfortunately stumbles due to its cringe-worthy love harem. Despite its undeniable strengths, this aspect significantly detracts from the overall viewing experience.. . So basically it possesses several outstanding qualities, including breathtaking visuals, captivating world-building, and an intriguing protagonist. However, the overwhelming emphasis on the cringe-worthy romance harem negatively impacts the overall enjoyment of the anime. Despite this flaw, the series still manages to hold ...
Well, if it weren't for the last episode, which is simply overflowing with cretinism and crap to the highest degree, then I would put 6 out of 10. And so - only 4. Yes, someone is surprised by the character of GG, but in fact it is justified, since there is a proverb "You can take a person out of a village, but never a village out of a person." The dude was scolded for a long time and stubbornly, well, how will he grow up, suddenly changing? Will the character, inner aspirations and self-perception change in a second? Well, of course not! So "in ...
"A Silent Voice" is a very popular show, and I do enjoy the visuals and the ideas put into the characters, but it really hurts it's show with blandness of the female MC "Shouko" and male MC "Shouya", I don't know if it is purposeful or not, so it can be a self insert show where you can put yourself into the positions of the two MC's, for whether you were a person that was bullied, or one that did the bullying, or both. This really makes the show bland though the characters feel like they don't have any character past "I bully and then ...
I liked the more casual/slice-of-life vibes of the first couple episodes, but once it got into the action it felt way too slow or just not interesting enough until the last couple episodes. I'm fine with backstory interjected into fight scenes (though Demon Slayer does do this a lot and not particularly gracefully), but it just felt like stuff took forever to happen. The Mist Hashira was stuck in a water vase for like 3 episodes which just felt like way too long for nothing to be happening. This slow feeling was also not helped by the numerous repetitive recaps. I get that this is ...
Only honesty around these parts...Kazuma carries this show.. . I stuck this through because Konosuba is one of my favorite and probably one of the better anime comedies out there. This just wasn't that funny to be honest. Maybe because I haven't seen it in it's dubbed rendition? I doubt, but it's just not the same. This is for Megumin and Yunyun fans, and lays down a bit of backstory for these characters and the crimson demons. This is great and all, but it's not Konosuba without Kazuma to be honest. Kazuma's interactions with the characters in this ...
Good to kill some time. Needs more pig.. While the premise was predictable and the CGI seemed to reduce in quality during non key moments, the pig made up for the lack of production value. The pig did not only save the show, but was the main reason I stuck around. The main character was just a standard main character. The protagonist did not really add much conflict nor variability to the story. Once again the pig with its squeals added the much needed comedic relief.. In conclusion, the show was just ok. The pig gave it 4 points for a grand total of 6 ...
The animation is fairly decent, but rather uninspired. Action scenes are decent, but not all that impressive. There are some decent backgrounds and the characters are drawn fairly well. However, everything feels stale and uninspired a lot of the time. The characters are pretty bland and cliche, don't expect to really like any of them. Story is bland, boring, and extremely linear. Pacing was fine, but not enough to make the anime in anyway exciting. Voice acting was fine in terms of casting. However, the actual performances were shrill, annoying, and unimpressive. Soundtrack is really what pulled the show and many scenes together. The intro ...
Oshi No Ko is an anime with a lot going on. I honestly feel it’s difficult to talk about without spoilers but I’ll try. The best thing about it (that I feel is fairly obvious) is the art style. It’s absolutely gorgeous, particularly the eyes of the characters, and not just the ones with stars in them like Ai. I constantly found myself admiring the art in every episode. The story is very interesting and has a lot of potential that I feel has not been shown to us yet. I’m eagerly awaiting season 2 so we can dive deeper into these plot lines. I ...
I’m an anime-only watcher and enjoyed the movie quite much. The last scene with the “reveal” to one of the movie’s mysteries kinda spoiled the ending for me, though. Besides that and the imo ugly character designs, I have no major complaints, however.. . The main issue I gathered from the other reviews, that being the story structure, was actually a positive for me. Isn’t it kind of the point of Alice inspired media that nothing makes sense? That’s how I see it anyway. Therefore, I didn’t mind story elements lacking an introduction or explanation, plot threads leading seemingly nowhere, etc. They augmented the madness and nonsense ...
Just finished my first Pretty Cure season!!~ 💕 This show is really funny & heartwarming, it even made me feel nostalgic even though I never watched it when I was younger. The music was incredibly catchy and I never got tired of listening to the intro & outro. I would recommend this to you if you like early 2000’s anime/magical girl shows, or if you like Precure and want to see how the franchise began/start watching from the beginning. I would not recommend it if you are annoyed by repetition or are looking for a deep story or fantastic villains.. 🌸 My Favourite Characters 🌸. Honoka Yukishiro ...
Introduction:. An intriguing idea of a school where pupils have weapons that have sprouted from their souls is presented in Absolute Duo, an anime series based on the light novel by Takumi Hiiragiboshi. The execution, however, falls short in a number of ways, making for a lackluster viewing experience despite its intriguing notion.. . Animations and Visuals:. Absolute Duo's animations and graphics are passable but fall short of making an impression. The character designs are uninspired and unoriginal, sharing many of the same characteristics as those in other anime shows. Even though the action scenes are well orchestrated, they lack the power and flow necessary to be genuinely ...
Introduction:. Isekai de Cheat Skill wo Te ni Shita Ore wa, Genjitsu Sekai wo mo Musou Suru: Level Up wa Jinsei wo Kaeta is a Japanese animated series based on the light novels by Miku. The anime adaptation was announced in 2022 and began airing in April 2023. The story follows the protagonist, Tenjou Yuuya, who has been a bullied boy and takes an extended absence from school to heal his wounds. During this time, he discovers a mysterious door in his grandfather's house, which leads him to another world filled with magic and monsters. Upon first glance, Isekai de Cheat Skill wo Te ni Shita ...
If you want a movie with a lot of good animation, go for it, this one is full of that, but as an adaptation it fails in a lot of ways, this is not just an "ok" adaptation, it's essentially a 20 lines essay about a 200 pages book, so the plot might be confusing, the characters be much less interesting than what they actually are, and yes, even the fights mostly lack in comparisson to the original material, so for the true experience i recommend to check out the Visual Novel.. Aside from that, if you don't actually know the source material, you might have ...
Darling in the FranXX is a show that has achieved borderline cult status, mostly through being an epitome of "so bad it's good", with a nice helping of ZeroTwo dancing to Hai Phut Hon thrown in for good measure.. . This anime is actually a mess.. It tries to be too many things and fails in the majority of them.. . The main premise of the Earth being a desolate wasteland with humanity on the brink of extinction is an interesting one and the whole point about how aliens invaded and the only way to repel them is through giant mechs is also fairly interesting, if an ...
Overhyped? In my opinion, yes. But just like with anything else, that doesn’t stop it from still being pretty good, right? The praises for this show, however, have already been sung to a great extent, so I’ll stick to a more negative, yet hopefully insightful critique, so as to not reiterate what has already been said.. . I feel like Oshi no Ko suffers from the same issue that many other titles do, namely that it’s trying to be something more than it actually is. It’s an enjoyable story about young and naive adolescents who desire nothing more than to fulfill their ambitious dreams and their ...
It’s not bad, I don’t take it to seriously but I can at least say it isn’t awful. It’s a pretty predictable plot so don’t expect something completely new, with this mindset I watched and I enjoyed most of the episodes and it was an effective way to past time.. . The art was alright, I’d say the design was not bad but not the greatest either. The story was okay, it might be because I wasn’t expecting much so I’m fine with what they threw but it was kind of predictable but it was the worst.. The characters weren’t bad and I do think the anime ended up ...
It was kind of over-hyped.. . The animation was good but in some places, it didn't go well. And the biggest disaster was the storyline it started decently but then its writer got high and wrote this piece of shit. The storyline could have been a lot better they could have developed character and then should have given it a proper story but they made this piece of shit. I was really looking forward to this anime but it crushed my sole. Nowadays they are making shit in the name of isekai anime.. . I am disappointed because I expected it to be good but it came out like ...
This anime had probably very big potential at the start, it kinda throws old school anime vibe with proper story and character development. Well, that was bad assumption. It starts with great first episode, then it becomes dull.. . While main character is somewhat enjoyable and more or less is properly built into story, the rest is kinda meh.. . Characters 4/10 - Corpse God (MC) is enjoyable and in first half you can see some logic in that character. This fades away with more episodes. Regarding other characters I can't say much without spoilers, however it's important to remember: characters are not sticking to their role. Story ...
It is a run of the mill OP main character isekai that is as deep as a puddle of water in the road. Nothing new is added to the formula but that doesn't have to make it less enjoyable.. . Art: The CGI is atrocious but the rest of the art is decent.. . Story: It is simple and predictable. MC is a loser, something happens, MC gets overpowered as hell, and good looking of course.. . Music: Nothing special. It works for the anime.. . If you're looking for a anime to just watch and shut-off your brain to it sure does the job. For that simple reason it is enjoyable.
Heavenly Delusion is a dystopian sci-fi thriller whose main draw is its heavy usage of the mystery box, a gimmick where information is deliberately withheld to bait the audience into watching more. This device is often overused by stories that either don't have enough interesting stuff going on to keep the audience's attention, or the ones that need to compensate for how thematically shallow they are by faking complexity through unnecessarily obtuse storytelling. With Heavenly Delusion it's a bit of column A and a bit of column B. It's not a super boring show, there are a lot of cool sci-fi concepts and the characters ...
Its a great anime really but i only recommend to watch this if u have alot of free time cus this anim is really damn long the pacing is just too slow but its worth it so it just depends on u really the story , plot and character developing is really great and i think long time anime fans will really enjoy it but i wont recommend it to someone whos just starting because theres alot of boring episodes and the situations the crew gets into is golden comedy the art style is also one of the best but theres alot of time where ...
Oni is a very cute, whimsical little show featuring a cast of Yokai from Japanese Mythology.. It is about Onari and her small village preparing for the next blood moon. A time where the evil Oni spirits will attack the small village, but it is also about her complicated relationship with her mute father.. The characters designs give a very soft and fluffy feeling and exude personality. The environments and effects are gorgeous to look at.. It is a very touching story for kids.. . HOWEVER, my biggest complaint is the animation itself, the creators were originally going to make this a Stop-Motion animation before the scope of the ...
Overall the first 11 episodes feel great, it's an episodic adventure with lots of walking where you explore the post-apocalyptic Japanese society and landscap together with the two main characters. I always love an anime that can be compared to the Hobbit or LotR, since those books are true adventures with lots of walking where a whole new universe is built up with each interaction the main characters have with the world itself and its inhabitants. Heavenly Delusion's world is truly something, though it borderlines the generic post apocalyptic sci fi story but does so with a good enough twist to be original,. . Lots of questions ...
How Not to Summon a Demon Lord Ω, the second season of the popular anime series, continues the thrilling adventures of Takuma Sakamoto, the socially awkward gamer who finds himself trapped in the body of his powerful in-game character, Diablo. Building upon the foundations set in its predecessor, this season takes the story to new heights, delivering a captivating blend of action, comedy, and character development.. . Picking up where the first season left off, How Not to Summon a Demon Lord Ω explores the consequences of Takuma's actions and the impact he has on the world of Cross Reverie. The narrative delves deeper into the political ...
Dabs of nostalgia. I love the comeback! I truly enjoyed watching Sakura and Syaoran's moments. let alone see more of Daidoji and Meilin (visiting tomoeda) once more. so long fan fiction really. As for the art, I cannot disagree with the overall artwork. I think the animators and mangakas have done such a stellar job. My only complaint is how close it now feels to Chihayafuru. I mean that anime is interesting and the artwork really did mesh in greatly for the whole series. However, seeing that glow in Card Captor Sakura is a tad bit too bright for my taste. so thus the mixed ...
Interesting setting decimated by thick exposition.. . In/Spectre started out great. Building suspense and showing off an interesting cast of characters that don't fall to the usual tropes, with quality worldbuilding based on japanese mythology to boot. But halfway into the season and especially at the finish line, the viewer is met by what makes this anime a slog. Everything is narrated to death. And while the intention might have been to make a Death Note-esque drama, it ultimately just made all the episodes feel an hour each.. . If you love monologues for monologues sake, then please, go ahead and enjoy.
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (8). The story is about someone who's got into another world. Not only that, He got a ridiculously strength and lot of rare item near the his house. His body also change from fat into muscular. The journey is about how He adapt with another world and how He used that new power in his daily life. You will see Him grinding monster, helping people, and involved in kingdom matters from that another world.. . Art (7). The art in this anime is quite good. But I prefer if they make the graphic much smoother and the battle animation ...
Like every anime that I watch, I tell the person to watch it and form their own opinion.. . When I look at some reactions to this anime, it’s like I’m seeing herd behavior because I can’t see anything that people are saying in the anime.. . For example, if you want something mysterious about a murder investigation, this anime is horrible. Do you want content about the idol or actor industries? This anime has nothing more than a shallow approach to the subject. Amazing character development? Nothing to see here either, my friend. Unfortunately, it’s 11 episodes of nothing happening and the same short red-haired girl in the ...
A brainchild of the late 90s, Betterman is a dark sci-fi about a very bleak future engulfed by twisted technology. Like most b-grade anime of that time, the budgets were not the best and the animators were often resorting to simple tricks such as using live action footage instead of bothering to animate something. It’s why the opening looks so weird, combining the actual ocean with generic anime designs. And yes, they are generic despite having weird multi-colored hair like Yugioh characters. It was a trend at the time.. . Following the path brought forth by Neon Genesis a few years back, whenever you don’t have the ...
“Hello World” is what happens when You decide that mixing the “Inception” and “Paprika” is a good idea… without the skill to write a logical plot.. . I’ll start with this: the plot doesn't make any logical sense and the deeper we go the more convoluted and nonsensical it becomes. That said, I don't think that the plot is the main appeal of this movie. That honour is reserved for the interactions between the main 2… well… I guess technically it’s 3, (I’ll get to that) main characters.. . We follow 16 year old Naomi Katagaki. One day he happens to meet himself from the future. A ...
Well, like this Anime doesn't know what it wants to be, I don't know how to start this Review, so let's just dig in.. . To put it simple: If you don't think about it, this Anime is really good... if you don't think about it.. On the one hand, it's kinda an unique mix between a typical Isekai, where the MC gets kinda OP in no time (and gets all the girls) and a school Slice of Life with Super Powers (where the MC gets all the girls). On the other hand, you have to throw away any sense of logic and just accept every kind of ...
A vision of heaven with a journey to hell. It sums up well a work with extreme potential, wonderful ideas, but all wasted by a wrong pace and low production.. . This is the fourth season, the anime closed the main plot and adding the special episode gives a total of 49 episodes. I haven't read the novel, but I know there are 200 chapters. Therefore, I believe that they must have adapted everything and that there should not be a fifth season. Even because I was informed by third parties that the anime adapted everything that was written in the novel.. . Maybe the plot was already ...
TLDR: This is a great show, if you ignore all of the stupid cliche's, and the characters that are well elaborated, but don't feel quite right. Whether it be the outcast that just randomly has one of the cute bubbly girls just latch onto him, or the fact that the male MC has zero personality besides being a book reading loner for half of the film, or lastly, the fact that it has all of the generic romance cliches. I would say however that the show had a really good development for the characters, showing their inner thoughts of one another, eventually changing each other ...
*[Oshi no Ko]* *QUICK REVIEW!*. . Reliable narration supported by beautiful illustrations, amazing cast, and it does an excellent portrayal of an entry view into the components of the entertainment industry. Oshi No Ko has a unique portrayal of the dark side of the entertainment industry which some may enjoy.. . Story was unique, semi-predictable, but enjoyable because of how the genre was portraying the entertainment industry.. Art style definitely fit during bone-chilling scenes.. . Most characters are average. One character Aqua, stood out to me personally. Others may find a different character to stand out.. . Characters are realistic in most of their reactions.. ...
I obviously didn't watch it for the plot. Although the plot had great potential, too bad they ended it without a solution, just as it was getting interesting. The manga has more of the plot, but it's as incomplete.. The sex scenes desperately lack imagination (and probably experience of the author). They seem copy-pasted from one episode to another, with little variety.. The female character lacked everything personality-wise, but it worked for bdsm anyway. The advantage of the anime is that it doesn't have many competitors that would cover the same theme, to be compared.. All-in-all, if you're watching this for the purpose it was made - i ...
More than a Married Couple, but Not Lovers - A Bittersweet Exploration of Relationships. . Rating: 7/10. . More than a Married Couple, but Not Lovers is an anime series that delves into the complexities of human relationships, examining the blurred lines between friendship, romance, and the challenges of societal expectations. With its mature themes and thought-provoking storytelling, this anime offers a bittersweet exploration of love and companionship.. . The story revolves around two main characters, Hiroshi and Aya, who find themselves entangled in a unique dynamic. Despite being married, they maintain a platonic relationship, navigating the delicate balance between affection and the expectations of society. The series follows their journey ...
The Iceblade Sorcerer Shall Rule the World - A Promising Fantasy Adventure. . Rating: 7/10. . The Iceblade Sorcerer Shall Rule the World is an anime series that immerses viewers in a fantastical world filled with magic, adventure, and political intrigue. With its unique premise and engaging characters, this anime offers a promising experience for fantasy enthusiasts.. . The story follows the journey of a young sorcerer named Ryota, who possesses the rare ability to control ice magic. As he navigates a realm torn by warring factions and power struggles, Ryota becomes embroiled in a quest to fulfill his destiny as the Iceblade Sorcerer and bring balance to the chaotic world. ...
Animations are very dated and the resolution is pretty low. However some of the backgrounds are pretty good and the characters are well drawn... as long as they're in the foreground. Characters in the background are certifiably jank. Speaking of jank, the running animations. Some of the running animations are okay, but a lot of them are not very fluid and janky. The characters have depth, but they tend to be a bit cliche. That and the quality of the character depth is somewhat lacking. The story is kind of basic and cliche, and it would still be pretty decent if the show was eight ...
12 years of school, from elementary to high, whether you enjoyed it or hated it each of us have gone through 12 years of school. We all have good and bad memories from it, it's an experience that has shaped us into the person we are today... it's an experience that we'll never get to live again. . I first picked up the horimiya manga back when I was a highschool student, sophomore year. I didn't really enjoy my time in higshcool, I couldn't wait to graduate and start life anew. 4 years later, I just finished watching the anime and it left me with mixed feelings, the ...
What could have been a breath of fresh air amidst the sea of questionable quality fantasy isekai, turned out to be a generic and forgettable fantasy. . A total of 6 novels were crammed into 12 episodes, volumes 16 to 21*, here they are:. . 16: Dance Across My Battlefield, Visitors! - 145 pages - 2 episodes;. 17: Echo Through My Garden, Gunshots! - 174 pages - 2 episodes;. 18: Wanter My Mansion, Falsehood! - 186 pages - 2 episodes;. 19: Swing Wide In My Sanctuary, Gates! (Act 1) - 170 pages - 2 episodes;. 20: Swing Wide In My Sanctuary, Gates! (Act 2) - 212 pages - 3 episodes;. 21: The ...
It has been a while since I have been active. I came back from massive burnout to anime seasonal because of the greatest animated show pilot episode of the 2020s. But we are not here to talk about the pilot episode of Lackadaisy (the episode is available on YouTube). We are here for Oshi No Ko.. . Let’s try to temper expectations here because there is solid chance that you were marketed to in an unintentionally misleading way by several YouTube content creators as to the kind of story Oshi No Ko is. That is okay. I was too. I tried to go into this show blind ...
I tried akasaka, I tried my best to love this new series of yours for which you so mercilessly murdered your already beloved kaguya sama love is war , I tried to love it like i loved love is war even joined the hype , but just like the idol Ai, it was completely a fabricated love that only got converted to indifference as the episodes went by. Since it's by all means just a ….. . A ONE EPISODE HIT WONDER, Which is very polarizing in its depiction of the film industry and is for the most part, just a revenge porn story since that ...
This is a longer-than-usual review, I have many things to say about this.. . Imagine a time when Doga Kobo finally got their hands on adapting something that could change their status, no longer will they be known as the studio that adapts weird moe anime, but as the studio that made something special and pushed them to mainstream attention. The amount of hype this anime has garnered since last year has been astronomical, the studio has been carrying a lot of pressure animating this, and knowing Doga Kobo's previous works, they did it. This is Doga Kobo's at their peak, dishing out the material in ...
*[Oshi no Ko]* is a series caught within a bizarre Catch-22 as an actual piece of entertainment. It wants to follow the comedic and dramatic conventions for storytelling that Akasaka has in mind, and also wants to unravel the disquieting undercurrent of the entertainment industry within its gaze. But to do so would involve having its cast be outsmarted or exploited by the teeth of the very beast that they seek to enterprise in, and by the nature of the show’s framing, it cannot have that. As a result, the show does not actually delve into the darkest contortions and disquieting undercurrents of the entertainment ...
+ Shoujo fans will enjoy how this anime uses close-ups and gradual camera movements to accentuate the tender romance within kind words and small gestures.. + The jokes can be surprisingly funny, especially those involving Akane or Eita!. + The OP and ED themes are bright, catchy, and really fit the atmosphere of the show.. ~ The visual quality isn't always consistent, and there are plenty of scenes where the art/animation dips dramatically (especially early in the season).. ~ Yamada-kun at Lv999 only uses video games as a superficial story device -- there is hardly any nuance to its depiction of competitive gaming, MMORPGs, or online guilds. Not that ...
The first thing I want to say is Thank you to everyone who has worked hard to make this anime a second season.. To be honest, I've been hoping for a second season for this anime, but there was no news at all, so when there was a second season, I was very happy.. The quality is better than the first season, the colors look brighter and the art style is still the same as before, and it doesn't look strange when watching this second season.. . As for the review, I might be flat on this anime, because as we know, there have been a lot of ...
By the Grace of the Gods, an enchanting isekai anime series, takes viewers on a tranquil and heartwarming journey through a fantastical world. Season 1 of the show captivates with its serene atmosphere, endearing characters, and a refreshing take on the isekai genre, offering a delightful escape for fans of slice-of-life and fantasy storytelling.. . The story follows the life of Ryoma Takebayashi, a middle-aged office worker who tragically meets an untimely demise. However, instead of facing a bleak afterlife or reincarnation in a perilous world, Ryoma is reborn in a lush and magical realm inhabited by monsters and mythical creatures. Blessed with the divine protection of ...
The premise is really quite simple. An "ice" guy meets this girl who helps him on his way to his first day at a new job. Surprise, she also is starting her new job at the same place. Ensue romance.. There's nothing that really stands out as being bad about this anime, but that doesn't mean it should qualify as "good". It has it's cute moments and I really liked that we got another romance among adults, but it's really just an ok romance. I appreciated that there was essentially no drama and they really only focused on the romance and some of the emotion part ...
This Black Clover movie had great potential to be something much better. The idea of showcasing different wizard kings from different eras really sparked my interest. However, they didn't develop the characters that much. You can't connect with them or even develop genuine feelings about the characters. There comes a point in the movie where they simply stop caring about the other villains besides the main one. One of the scenes that shows this is Yuno's battle. Just when it was about to get interesting, they simply discard the villain. . The main villain's ability, along with the fight scenes and that amazing animation, were the strong ...
I believe this show was a waste of potential.. . The idea is cool and different. In short, the story is basically about the daily life of Koito (a shrine maiden - 'miko') and Elda (the deity of the shrine).. The cool and different idea relies on Elda, which is an Elf and on top of that a recluse who is into Otaku-things.. . The problem is that they didn´t explore much of that uniqueness, and in the end the anime might end up just being 'another one' you will add to your list. For example: If Elda wasn´t an Elf, it wouldn´t change much except for the ...
This is a short fantasy anime with elves, magic, and priests with some parody elements. It's on the comedy side. The story follows a priest who leaves his religious order to go a region called "G" which is taboo. In this mysterious region, some sort of truth would be revealed. However, since it's a very short adaptation, it's naturally incomplete and only one small introductory arc is covered.. . Weak points: very incomplete story. 90's gags that you may not like. The fights are mainly spell-casters chanting spells at each other.. Strong points: art looks okay if you like 90's anime girls and dark elves.. . I checked this anime ...
“The Pet Girl of Sakurasou” is what happens when You create a cast of characters with potential and instead of polishing them You just let them loose in clichetown.. . Ok… let’s get one thing out of the way. This show is classified under “drama” and “romance”. It’s pretty much bullshit. The drama is lacklustre and romance almost non-existent. It tries, I’ll give it that, but fails to deliver any kind of emotional impact on both fronts in the last stretch. It’s just a slice of life show with elements of comedy, drama and a little bit (and that’s me being generous) of romance.. . We experience the show ...
I usually don't write reviews, but felt like making a short one here. At first the series seems like a very generic isekai, minus the starting scene which while cool doesnt really make you care for the proceeding events and characters by itself. However, this is one of the cases of a series really hitting it's stride as it goes on. Polka while not a super interesting MC, his motives and values make him likeable enough. Misaki comes off as a pretty generic manic pixie dream girl but the show does at least give her some character moments here and there plus that aspect of ...
So at First when i saw season 1 i Really Like the Plot And the Characters and the kind of development in the plot. I really will recommend you the first season but. the second season was quite disappointing they Continued the plot in a quite different way which i like and the characters was nicely done at the beginning. but then as i continued the story was Really Boring and the plot was a little cut off from the main plot. i think also they needed to involve more of the magic animations and the interactions between chise and elias in the first season. ...
Do you remember that time you were growing up in the Japanese countryside as a child and then you were suddenly molested by an 8-foot tall ghost that was thicker than a bowl of oatmeal? Me neither, but that's the plot of Hachishaku Hachiwa Keraku Meguri. A young man stuck at the side of the road in the pouring rain as his motorbike has broken down and can't get reception on his phone. He is now trying to hitchhike his way to the nearest town. Thankfully a taxi picks him up and the female drive is more than happy to take him where he wants ...
Those who've watched the anime will have necessary context for the characters and story thus far. Those who're fans of the anime may or may not find this satisfying. As a fan, I enjoyed it.. . So, yeah, it's not great that the movie can't exactly stand on its own without the context of the rest of the anime. Only glimpses of the core character backgrounds and motivations are provided. For the new characters, who are the antagonists, this is a significant weak point in the movie's story. It's unfortunate because these glimpses genuinely hold good reason for these characters and add relatability to them, but they're ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (8). The story is about a Corpse God who is teleported into another world where there is almost no mana there since no one can use magic. It's a different world and He become a kid that almost died in that world. The journey begins when He must adjust to that body and environment because there is several common sense that are different from his origin. Not only that, in the middle till the end episode you will see that He's not the only one who got into there.. . Art (7). The art in this anime is quite good. ...
'Shinryaku! Ika Musume' is an extremely wholesome and cheerful show with a touch of misanthropy. Things can get pretty goofy or whacky, but there are also times where it might make you cry (in the good way). The characters are oddballs, but that's what makes them so lovable. Squid girl's attempts to take over humanity are as cute as they are amusing. It might even motivate you to take better care of the environment. This show may be too childish for some audiences, but it's quite heartfelt and positive so you might like it anyway. IMO, this show is pretty underrated.
Lend me your ears, my pack! I've got a tale to tell that's worth more than a silver moon on a clear night. It's your frosty friend, Kiba Snowpaw here, ready to run through another anime review. Today, we're venturing into a world of feudal kingdoms, breath-taking landscapes, and one princess's journey from despair to empowerment. Prepare for a glorious sunrise as we tackle 'Akatsuki no Yona' or as we know it in the west, 'Yona of the Dawn.'. . Now, I don't know about you, but every so often, I fancy a good ol' princess story. Not the "damsel in distress waiting for prince charming" kind ...
Greet the pack with a tail wag and a howl, everyone! It's Kiba Snowpaw here, your go-to ice-cool wolf for everything anime, manga, gaming, and more. Cutting through the tundra of anime since the magnificent '80s, I've seen my share of the good, the bad, and the "what the howling wind was that?" Today, we're going to tackle Akame ga Kill!, an anime that, like me, isn't afraid to bear its fangs and tear into something meaty.. . Akame ga Kill! is like a frostbite - it hits you hard, fast, and leaves you numb before you realize what happened. This series doesn't mess around. It dives ...
Howls and growls to all my furry friends, Kiba Snowpaw here, your favorite Ice Wolf and anime connoisseur, ready to shred through another review. Having been on the prowl in the realms of anime, manga, gaming, and films since the good ol' '80s, I've seen my fair share of hits and misses, classics and clichés. Today, we're sinking our canines into Akagami no Shirayuki-hime or, as it's known in the West, Snow White with the Red Hair.. . Let's start by clarifying something. Snow White with the Red Hair is about as related to the fairytale as a cat is to a swimming lesson. No poisoned apples, ...
Greetings, all you cool cats and kits! This is your old pal Kiba Snowpaw, Ice Wolf extraordinaire, manga aficionado since the 80's, movie watcher, serial binger, and gamer - the one who has run with the likes of Sonic and shrugged off fireballs from Bowser. If I could harness the same stamina I've got for devouring anime for anything else, well... we'd be living on the moon by now! Now, let’s dive into the rich, intriguing, and somewhat controversial world of the anime, Ajin: Demi-Human.. . You could say that Ajin is the black sheep of the family - it's the cousin who brings a homemade flamethrower ...
Well, howl-lo again, my furry friends and fellow anime aficionados! It's Kiba Snowpaw, back with my claws sharpened and fur fluffed, ready to tackle another tale from the vibrant world of anime. And boy, do we have a treat in store for us today. We're gonna chill out and soar high with "Air," an anime that's as refreshing as a gust of wind on a hot summer's day.. . Now, before we dive in, let's take a moment to appreciate the story. Remember the old saying, "It's not about the destination, it's about the journey"? Well, that's exactly what we're looking at here. Air, at its core, ...
Hello again, furry friends and anime adventurers! It's Kiba Snowpaw, back with a fresh tale from the vast plains of pop culture, ready to howl at the moon about another dazzling anime gem. This time we're digging into the steamy world of hentai with a critique of "Love Me: Kaede to Suzu The Animation." So brace yourselves, because we're about to tread on some wild and uncharted territories of anime.. . First, let's get one thing straight - hentai is as much a part of the anime landscape as shonen, seinen, or any other genre. It's not just about the sizzle, it's about storytelling, character development, art, ...
Hello, anime aficionados and furry fans! It's your old pal Kiba Snowpaw, an Ice Wolf who has been traversing the wilderness of gaming, anime, manga, and pop culture since the radical '80s. Now, let's venture deep into the den and excavate the anime treasure that is Ai Yori Aoshi: Enishi. It's time to howl about this fascinating gem with our paws raised high! So, hold onto your tails, this is going to be an icy ride!. . First off, picture this: You're watching a romance anime. The confessions, the heartaches, the bittersweet tears, all culminating in a satisfying finale where the lovers finally declare their love for ...
Quick review:. . There is nothing to tell about the world; it's just our world.. . The story is interesting because the best parts are when The Corpse God uses his powers, and even those moments can be lame, mostly because of the poorly animated action. We don't even get much of these moments. When I realized that this isn't the type of MC who uses his fists, or rather, skeletons, to solve everything, I thought, 'Damn, this is going to be interesting!' But later I found out that this is the strongest point of the show. There are other characters with their own small stories, but they aren't ...
Okay the art they put into this is amazing and the sounds, voice actors always makes things so realistic. The story I found it more realistic nature side having a grandfather lets his grandson wounder about with an adult guy made me at unease. I did find it enjoying on a art scale but the reality of it, it could happen anywhere it kinda made me at ill, I know they not aiming for child porngraphy but I can't help thinking this kinda making me off watching it. This isn't a romance Ova but in my case I don't think I could watch it again.
I never watched the show as a kid. Ignoring filler this show is decent and actually has some hype moments. Even though it's a prologue the world building is very weak. At most kishimoto is setting up narutos class mates which I really don't find likeable at all. The show has about 5 arcs but only 2 of them really matter. The tsunada arc sucked ass and was really a monster of the week shit. It could have been 2 episodes seriously. Only positivew with the show is it has some really cool fight scenes and unique small town atmosphere.
This show is aimed pretty narrowly at people who want a low-energy office romance show where everybody acts like an adult. It's not encumbered by drama, it's not concerned about having a plot, its comedy is circumstantial and matter-of-fact. The soundtrack is downbeat and the characters are never on guard around each other to support the idea that you're supposed to be taking this show easy. It's about normal people hanging out and that's it. In all it's a pretty comfy package, if played a little too safe for its own good (maybe a lot too safe).. . As said, there is no plot to speak of ...
Meh. From a mediocre manga comes a barely serviceable anime. Okay animation, acting, and music would have been worth a few points, but the screenwriting is a mess. The pacing is all over the place, there’s too much stuff that happens for no reason, and the story jumps from one thing to another haphazardly. Fights are just like the “Itchy and Scratchy” gun cartoon where each side just keeps pulling out a bigger gun.. . The premise of being isekai’d to the same world a second time has potential for all sorts of plot twists, surprises, relationship drama, etc, but instead it’s just like we came ...
The greatest inventions of the 2000s are back to rock our world...though this time it's kind of a mixed bag, to be honest.. . If you aren't the classic connoisseur who reached out to the list of anime shows in the 2000s that are worthy of being deemed worth watching, you would've missed out on two shows that made the mark and are still talked about to this day: Baccano! and Durarara!!. That's right, acclaimed novelist Ryohgo Narita is back for a 3rd rondo at the anime scene once again after a decade of straight gas-lit successions with the anime adaptations of both shows, starting with the ...
Your eyes are not fooling you if that's the synopsis you just read. It's an all familiar trend we've seen in many anime in recent years - reborn into a fantasy world, a protagonist trying to avoid fate, and isekai tropes that feeds on its modern popularity. Kanojo ga Koushaku-tei ni Itta Riyuu (The Reason Why Raeliana Ended up at the Duke's Mansion) is another one of these adaptations that subscribes to the most recent trend, but we have to ask ourselves if this is one was really needed.. . To my surprise, the source material actually came from a web novel rather than the typical light ...
The truth is nostalgic, they recreated that ending well with another animation studio.. . The negative: Megumin.. . I don't like her personality and the exaggeration with her "explosion" to the point of being annoying.. . I even wish they would do a Darkness spin-off than this.. . Megumin pretends something that she is not and Yunyun the opposite, even though Megumin in the most serious moments shows that she has a good heart and thinks of others, most of her other self tires me for being a crimson demon like all the crazy people in that town , but for me the true crimson demon is Arue.. . I really do not see it ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (8). The story is about a high school student that got delivered into another world as you can see in Isekai anime. But the difference is that the MC is not the first time coming to another world. In the journey that you will find MC is too OP until He found out about the last boss.. . Art (7). The art in this anime is quite good. But I prefer if they make the graphic much smoother and the battle animation looks very intense.. . Sound (8). All the sounds that they used were suitable and adjusted to the animation.. ...
While it is not great, and it is not downright awful. Kakegurui Twin doesn't fully live up to the expectations that the two main animes have had. It feels like a downgrade in some sort of ways, Mary is not strong enough on her own to carry a show even with some supporting characters she has that we have never seen in the two main animes. This stems from the problem, of how her role in the Kakegurui seasons one and two were that of as a supporting character. You can be a fanastic suppoting character, but if you have the lead role and you ...
Let me start this off with a personal anecdote, as I sometimes do with a review.. . I tried to watch this show ages ago, some time around 2007 or 2008 when I was just looking for the next cool thing to watch as a burdgeoning anime fan.. . I saw the name "Sci-Fi Harry" and assumed either it was going to be a series about Harry Potter but Sci-Fi (that'd been amusing) or some modern Harry Houdini, but psychic.. . The first episode of this show is burned into memory though just because of how kind of boring it was. it was a slow burn of high school basketball, ...
I generally enjoy Ghlibi movies, and I really enjoyed the Earthsea Cycle by Ursula Le Guin. However, this movie adaption failed to capture what makes the Earthsea Cycle so interesting and captivating with its deep lore and rich worldbuilding. It simply didn't match. While the aesthetic upheld traditional Ghibli standards, the experience felt alienated from the original novels. Although the movie shared many characters name and places, the movie was not a true adaptaion of the series, but rather a retelling of the Earthsea Cycle, like how there are many different versions and retellings of classic fairy-tales.. For those who are ne wto the Earthsea world, ...
What the fuck did I just watch? Close your eyes and step away slowly from this anime, kids, cos this one ain't for the faint of heart. It plays out more like a horror than a romance anime and I would seriously recommend the tag be added (case in point, the rain and thunder creepy atmosphere as episode 1 draws to a close with a disturbing scene which cannot be unseen). Despite all its grotesque shortcomings, for some reason which I cannot fathom, this anime somehow has quite excellent production quality, especially for its time (made in 2010), with a great showcasing of animation quality, ...
A Galaxy Next Door is best described as average. The premise comes off as uniquely unoriginal, with the method for the two main characters being tied together putting forth the only amount of individuality this show has. Every other aspect of the show ends up becoming a trope galore. The show struggles to ever have a definitive identity, constantly teetering on the line of breaking out onto it's own but never committing.. . One of my largest gripes is how the show is almost too happy. It's so cornily happy without any irony it can begin to be overwhelming at times. The first few instances come ...
This show just ain't its not worth your time unless you like drama (in every scene) and crying from character's you don't understand. Not sure if it was the production or author that made it seem rushed. Could have had a lot of opportunities on why the ocean people and land people don't like each other that can affect the shows whole story and possibly have it make more sense. art style was good probly one of its only redeeming qualities. MC reactions and actions made no sense and low-key thought he brung his friend's down because of how salty he was about one ...
Hello, fellow pack members! It's me, your frosty fur-friend, Kiba Snowpaw. Today, I'm gonna talk to you about an anime that has definitely left some paw prints in my heart. Hold onto your tails, because we're diving deep into the wintery lovefest that is "Ai Yori Aoshi.". . "Ai Yori Aoshi," or "Bluer than Indigo," is like a warm furry burrow in the midst of a snowy forest – cozy, comforting, but not without its share of ice-cold winds and thorny branches. On the surface, it's like any other harem anime, but just like you can't judge a wolf by its fur, you can't judge an anime ...
Greetings again, my fellow members of the pack! Your very own Ice Wolf, Kiba Snowpaw, is back, bringing you another chilling and insightful anime review from the frosted tundra. I've been on this journey since the 80s, exploring the vast landscapes of gaming, anime, manga, and more, and I'm excited to share my thoughts on another fascinating series with you. So brace yourselves for an avalanche of thoughts on "Garden.". . As a seasoned anime veteran, I was drawn in by the bright colors and the art style of "Garden," reminiscent of shows like "Suki de Suki de, Suki de" from the same company. I found the ...
I gotta stop watching these. Mixed Media Project Slice of Life shows with too many girls based around some niche hobby/industry always end up the same way. Be it Cue, Extreme Hearts, PuraOre, and now this. The fundamental issue is that, even with a main character at hand, it always ends up pretty mediocre around the middle and my interest in the project just completely fades less than halfway through.. . World Dai Star has some interesting things going for it initially at least. You got Takahiro, you got a schizophrenic hallucination that is a product of the main character. The problem is that they never really ...
Greetings once again, my dear packmates! It's your favorite fur-ocious critic, Kiba Snowpaw, back with another exhilarating anime review. I have been roaming the wild worlds of anime, manga, and gaming since the '80s, so I know my way around the snowy landscapes of this realm quite well.. . Today, I am howling about a series that, I must admit, has a risqué element. It's called "Love2Quad," and it's one anime that, while filled with steamy, explicit scenes, delivers much more than just erotic content. So let's tuck into this, my fellow wolves, but remember, this one is for the adults in our pack.. . Now, I must say, ...
Hello, my furry fellows! It's me, your beloved Ice Wolf, Kiba Snowpaw, howling out another insightful anime review. I've been knee-deep in manga and anime since the '80s, so you know I'm packing decades of experience under my belt (or collar, as it were).. . Today, I am yapping with glee about the alluring series "Afro Samurai." I know some of you might tilt your heads at the mention of this title, with its distinctly stylized animation and hyper-violent themes. Yet, I promise you, there's more than meets the eye here.. . I initially tuned into this series on Spike TV, expecting it to be another standard action-packed anime. ...
Greetings, my pack of fellow anime enthusiasts! Your cool-as-ice comrade, Kiba Snowpaw, is here to add a touch of frost to your day with an enthusiastic appraisal of the intriguing anime series known as "Absolute Duo." Don't worry, my fur is fluffed up, and I'm ready to howl in delight. Let's embark on this journey through a unique world of power manifestation and friendship!. . From the outset, "Absolute Duo" invites us into a refreshingly different premise: a universe where individuals can materialize their souls as weapons. It's like if your spirit animal could literally pack a punch or, in my case, a frosty bite! Let's be ...
Good day, fellow enthusiasts of animation and dramatic storytelling. It's Kiba Snowpaw here, your icy guide through the blizzard of anime titles. Today we're going to dissect and critique a somewhat lesser-known piece, "91 Days.". . First, let me clear my throat by declaring that the term "masterpiece" is tossed around far too freely in the anime community. It seems every season, there's a new "masterpiece" getting hyped, when in reality, it's often just decent and quite forgettable once the season ends. I bring this up because "91 Days" is one such anime that, upon release, was heralded as a masterpiece by some. Allow me to dive ...
The animation is the best thing about it. Post-apocalyptic atmosphere is cool, as is the mystery. Story and characters are average, but Kiruko is an enjoyable character.. . Would have given it a 6 if not for the stellar animation. The scale is 1-10, but if something seems like it's going to be a 5 or less, I'm probably not even going to start it, and if I do, I would drop something clocking in at a 5 or less at the halfway point. Anything less than a 6, for overall quality, is just a waste of time. For me, 7 is the highest score I can ...
I will try to make a more in depth review later, when I have more time, so for the time being here are my spoiler free thoughts.. The second season tries to take the show in a completely new direction. The fast paced action of season 1 is nowhere to be seen around here, but in its place we get a much slower story about Thorfin struggling with his past and learning to live a peaceful life. As you can imagine, there is some awkwardness to the transition and there are some problems here and there, but its nothing dealbreaking. If the show stayed like that ...
I have extremely mixed feeling about this anime, though I somewhat understand it’s try for a post-disaster sci-fi trauma comedy romance portrayal, it’s almost completely missed the mark. There are way to many genres happening in this franchise that it almost makes no sense, in different episodes some genres are more prominent than others. I do appreciate the attempt at creating something new, but at the same time I feel like it’s put a bunch of different successful story tropes mushed into one.. . The first two episodes I was genuinely struggling to watch the action was boring, characters were boring, strangely oversexualised minors on the ...
What I thought I am getting: I started this anime thinking it would be rom-com, where the ML is a "scum" and the FL is the nice girlfriend, typical romance of a girl turning the bad boy around kind of plot.. . What I got: 10 minutes in, I could tell both (starting) ML and FL, are the scums. 1 whole episode in, More than half the casts are scums.. . #LazyReview. . The first half of the anime was going good, in fact I had thought I would rate this show an 8. Most of the sexual scenes (Non explicit) were also in the first half. The second half, just ...
<Insert Leonardo DiCaprio whistle meme here>. Oh look! It's studio Lerche and director Yuu Kinome back at the helm once again, for another round of Idoly Pride! Except, what's the plan for the ghost story plot this time?. . Shows about theatrical tropes are nothing new, if you refer to the chunk of AniManga content about the thematics of performing arts that has come out in the last 5 years. Shows like Summer 2018's Shoujo☆Kageki Revue Starlight (which I still stand by my review that the show is the gold standard, even for its time) and Summer 2021's Kageki Shoujo!!, which focuses heavily on the actual all-female Takarazuka ...
Greetings, dear readers! Kiba Snowpaw here, the ever faithful anime aficionado, manga maven, and all-around fanatic of everything furry and fantastic. I've journeyed far and wide, braving the depths of the most compelling narratives since the '80s. I've got a penchant for icy wit, wily wisdom, and frosty comebacks, and today I am here to bring you my review of ".hack//Legend of the Twilight".. . Without further ado, let's unravel this yarn together.. . As an avid fan and seasoned veteran of the .hack series, I admit, I was both thrilled and nervous when I heard that "Legend of the Twilight" was next in line. "Would it live up ...
Greetings, chill seekers, Kiba Snowpaw is back at it again, this time diving into the icy depths of the digital world with .hack//Sign. This digital den, part of the .hack franchise, is a mammoth monument to multimedia, intertwining novels, manga, TV anime and OVAs to form one grand narrative. Now, this review comes from the heart of a furry who has been gaming, watching anime, movies and series, and devouring manga since the 80s, so you know you’re in for a real winter wonderland of insights.. . The overall consensus of .hack//Sign is akin to the first few steps into a snowstorm; you're unsure where it's going, ...
Brrr, my fellow frost furs, today we have a tale to share from the icy lands of .hack//Roots. A snowy saga that might leave you howling in frustration, or, if you're as cool as your old pal Kiba Snowpaw, might just send shivers of delight down your spine. As a seasoned anime watcher since the 80's, I've seen a fair few blizzards blow through the anime landscape. So, strap on your ice-skates, fluff up your fur, and let's hit the ice together, shall we?. . This tale takes us to the far reaches of a digital world named 'The World,' a snowy expanse filled with mystery, intrigue, ...
Otonari ni Ginga is a new anime that follows the story of Kuga Ichirou, a struggling manga artist, and Goshiki Shiori, a mysterious girl claiming to be a princess of the people of the stars. As they collaborate on Ichirou's manga, their relationship evolves into something more.. Personally, I have mixed feelings about Otonari ni Ginga. The likable characters, such as relatable protagonist Ichirou and charming Shiori, with an engaging story, bring humor and heart to the series.. However, there are some drawbacks. The anime's pacing is slow, and it can be predictable. Additionally, the supernatural elements may feel overly fantastical for some viewers.. Overall, Otonari ni Ginga ...
Yamada-kun to Lv999 no Koi wo Suru is a new anime that follows the story of Kinoshita Akane, a college student who just got dumped by her boyfriend. She then meets Yamada Akito, a legendary gamer who, as fate has it, also happens to be her guildmate in a casual MMORPG. The two of them start to spend more time together, and they soon develop feelings for each other.. The anime has a lot of potential, although not without its share of flaws. The characters are well-developed and relatable, and the story is engaging. However, the pacing is slow, and the anime can be predictable.. If anything, ...
I went into Next Sky expecting two things:. The first thing I expected is that it would be bad, like how season 2 of Nijigasaki was, and the second was for the Love Live simps to blindly defend it and to tag any negative review of the series as "confusing" as they've done in the past to try to discredit legitimate criticism.. Neither turned out to be the case.. For the latter point, my guess is that after the disappointing run of Love Live content in the last year and Next Sky being overshadowed by Genjitsu no Yohane, it seems that not many people are talking ...
Basically, this second season was a big filler.. . There is no progression whatsoever. This season was most of its time some random stuffs and CGDCT (cute girls doing cute things) - except the very last episodes, which had some little drama/tension because of a cliche uninteresting antogonist.. . If you are into "nothingness", CGDCT and if you don´t mind no progression at all in a sequel, then you might want to give the second season a chance. Otherwise you might end up dissapointed. The thrill/excitement you felt in season 1 you probably won´t find much in this season.. . Don´t take me wrong, it´s nice seeing cute interaction ...
I'd recommend this anime to friends or others that like Martial Arts but mixed with some cyberpunk type genre. There are alot of martial arts anime's that are pretty much the same or similar. Swallowed Star I think is unique with its mixed genres, but still similar to its origins. That its done in 3D, which turns alot of people away; I personally don't have an issue with 3D anime's.. . What I liked about it was the fact that, the MC of the anime doesn't become OP immedaitely. It gives consistant issues for the MC to understand & learn that, there's always someone stronger. Which ...
I was drawn in by the animation and the backstory of the mc the first 3 episode were rather good and i thought it would get better but it just straight up becomes trash. . An isekai with the most generic isekai twists. Overpowered MC. Bad written Villains. Instant Harem of girls. A MC Denser than any metal. Liked by all..etc. . At this point the story just feels like really bad writing for eg;. ...
It's a slow burn of a show that did a good job building up its characters and reeling me in with its story, and even if I felt the finale was lackluster, it just kind of works. There are a lot of characters in here that should have gotten some more explication, especially given that three of the five heads of ACCA were basically just window dressing most of the time, but I can live with a story like this that focuses chiefly on its central cast, even if I would have liked more emotional depth from them. It's not a show that will stick ...
There's some light intrigue in here, but it ends up resolving with nothing in particular happening of note. This OVA really isn't here for the purpose of generating a narrative that keeps your attention, but rather for the character moments and to act as an epilogue. In the former case, I think it works just fine, giving a bit more insight into side characters and a new red-haired ACCA member through which to see the world that they created a year ago. I wish it gave more opportunity to see into side characters' lives, but I don't mind getting to sit more with the central ...
I was disappointed by this one. It didn't feel like it delivered on much. Ouji and Lyuze bite it, which are both sad endings for these characters. It's unclear why Friender survives long after this (we even see him survive well into Ringo's later growth - clearly, she's a very different sort, as she didn't rust either). There are some sweet moments with flowers, and all in all, this felt like an epilogue and a fine one at that.. . I can't say the same for the rest. Casshern decides that now, he's going to fight (so much for his resolve of the last episode), bodying Braiking ...
Overall, I have mixed feelings about the series. Reiji and Eren were great characters and I loved everything involving them. Some side characters, like Claudia, Lizzie, and Cal, were rather well done in their own rights. I just don't feel the same about any of the other side characters though, since most of them just weren't all that interesting and so much of the series was focused on their machinations. Inferno in general was a mixed bag for me, and while Scythe had his moments, he just came off as a bit of a mustache-twirling villain who didn't care if he sacrificed his pawns. Maybe ...
The more I think about this series, the more my head hurts. It's not that it's bad because it knows what it is pandering to and that's the lowest common denominator (hell, even in the finale, Ange just had to jump naked, crotch first into Tusk's face), but so many of the motivations are contrived and the villain does not work for me. Most of these characters don't really work for me. It had some decent action and graphics when it wanted to, and some aspects of it were fun enough that I give them some credit, but this was a pretty frustrating watch for ...
I'll admit to being rather conflicted with this season. I found the first season pretty banal, didn't really appreciate much of the character development or even the central characters. A lot of it felt contrived and I stand by that - the moments meant to tug at your emotions just don't make sense to me and I kept wondering why the characters were choosing to behave the way they were. What points it got were partially out of the potential I saw for these characters and partially because there were some genuinely good moments along the way to the finale for each arc, even if ...
I will say that it's pretty difficult to rate this series. It was the progenitor of so much anime so it's legacy is certainly a great one, and I really shouldn't be judging it in comparison to more modern shows. Still, I will say I appreciated a lot of what this series did, especially with more nuanced villains and antiheroes in the form of Char, as well as some deeper story threads that I'll have to explore in more detail through prequels and sequels. That being said, the series was incredibly slow to warm up, taking far too much time dragging its heels between episodes. ...
I think the lack of delivery on a lot of what this series set up is probably its greatest disappointment, but it's hard to blame the second season alone for that. The action was a lot more bombastic and fun, the characters actually developed in some interesting directions (even if some of them remained largely frustrating), and while some of the plots evoked S1 more than S2, it felt like there was genuine progression and a through-line to this season that was lacking in the first. It's far from perfect, but it did more than I was expecting, so at least there's more to like ...
"BLACK SUMMONER". . Genre- Action, Adventure, Isekai, Magic, Fantasy.. . Kelvin is our reincarnated MC in this anime. With his untimely death back on Earth due to a god's mistake, he is reincarnated as an adventurer in a new world, but unlike our other MCs that remember all about their past lives, Kelvin exchanges his memories for skill points so that he can maximize his new life as an adventurer.. . Being an insane battle junkie that loves strong foes and new opponents, Kelvin hastily adapts to this new world. And having the skill of a summoner and a reincarnated hero that really boosts his abilities, he becomes a one-of-a-kind adventurer ...
"Maou Gakuin no Futekigousha: Shijou Saikyou no Maou no Shiso, Tensei shite Shison-tachi no Gakkou e Kayou II" follows the story of the first season, with The Demon King of Tyranny Anos Voldigoad, finding out more about his enemies and what happened in the world after his death. This season, it fell a little in technical and narrative terms (in addition to being postponed indefinitely after episode 06). We had some new characters that were properly introduced, new plots and intrigues added to the narrative and an enemy finally defined.. . The story continues normally to the fluidity and plot of the first season. The animation has ...
While I enjoyed this anime, I can't really recommend it. Why? Well, it is just like a bland soup that will fill you, but will not give you any lasting taste.. So what do we have here? A girl after a break up meets a gamer and we follow their interactions for 13 episodes. Don’t be fooled tho if you thought “wow, a gamer, he is just like me!” - the man is a typical hot dude that has no rest from girls. And this is, basically, everything I can tell without going through every episode spoilering you events, because the flow of events is neither ...
"Tokyo Revengers" tells the story of Takemichi Hanagaki, a failed adult who, one day, watches a news program about the death of Hinata Tachibana, an ex-girlfriend from her high school days for whom she still had feelings. Some time later, while at a train station, Takemichi is pushed on the railway line and, when he wakes up, he is in his bed, but in the past, when he was going to school and still dating Hinata. The story follows him trying to prevent the death of his beloved, while trying to unravel the mysteries behind this unusual event. Tokyo Revengers is an example of a ...
Shingetsutan Tsukihime is an adaptation of the popular visual novel game of the same name and promised to be an engaging experience with its mystery story and supernatural elements. However, while the anime has its strengths, it also has some flaws that can impact the overall experience.. . One of the best features of Shingetsutan Tsukihime is its intriguing plot full of twists. The story follows the protagonist Shiki Tohno, who possesses the mysterious "Mystic Eyes of Death Perception," and his life becomes intertwined with various female characters, each with their own dark secret. The development of these secrets and the gradual revelation of the mysteries keep ...
Forced marriages? What is that? Can it be something good or something bad? I don't know...but the one consensus that needs to go in the modern day, is the idea of having marriages predetermined at whatever age, nook and cranny, because it's just not right and disrupts the growing-up process of people. . . Such is the case with mangaka Gido Amagakure's 2nd anime adaptation in the form of Otonari ni Ginga a.k.a A Galaxy Next Door, with the prior preceding work being Amaama to Inazuma a.k.a Sweetness and Lightning, that tugged at the heartstrings with its anime adaptation 7 years ago in Summer 2016, coming off of ...
I started watching Oshi no ko first because it was so popular. And honestly, I think the first episode was pretty good. The animation is great and I thought the premise was interesting. But after the first episode when the time skip happened, it really dropped for me.. . This show is all about talking on how horrible the entertainment industry can be, and how hard it can be to find your place in it. But the male MC (Aqua) is apparently such a talented actor (even though he barely ever acted in his life) he can easily get job offers. The female MC (Ruby) also gets ...
"Boruto: Naruto Next Generations" tells the story after "Naruto", taking into account the perspective of "Boruto Uzumaki", son of the 7th Hokage "Naruto Uzumaki". Boruto doesn't really get my attention. In addition to being practically all original (filler), it only used Naruto characters to pass the spotlight to this new and uninteresting generation.. . The story is repetitive compared to its predecessor (Naruto). The animation not much better, average until around 130 episodes - (It has some very animated fights). The characters, as said earlier, are mostly uninteresting.. . In general, a standard Shounen, does not seek to innovate in anything. For those Naruto fans, go watch and like ...
The story is pretty and sweet like the original series, though it lacks the drive that comes with building on established characters. It doesn’t help that our lead, Gabe, feels like little more than a frustrated kid who is upset at having to use an inhaler, which is fine, but it’s not particularly interesting. The titular Knight is more interesting as a force of nature slightly humanized, but the emotional core of the series is the tension between the decision to go with the Knight and that to stay with his parents, and the lack of characterization for his parents, particularly his father, just makes ...
Well, the series finally finished. It's difficult when you're covering comedy because comedy will hit differently for different people, though I guess that's true of drama to some extent, at least if we're talking about the really sad stuff. All that is to say that, yeah, this got a few chuckles out of me, but it still felt pretty one-note throughout. That's not a bad thing because it's a pretty good note - I like the idea that we're catching up with an isekai protagonist after he's returned to his world, and that he retains his powers. It's silly and fun, and the side characters ...
The movie evokes comparisons to Princess Mononoke, but falls short of it in virtually every measure. There's both too much going on to get a good grip of why things are happening (there are a lot of conflicting interests at play among the bigger groups as well as among a small number of more independent players), and too little that's all that interesting or unpredictable. I had trouble following why many of the people in this movie acted as they did and, based on what I've heard of the source material, it's because they cut quite a bit of it out. I had little trouble ...
There are elements of this season that I think are clearly doing better than the first season. The dynamics among the admins are a lot more interesting this season, the team-ups are more varied as are the fights (especially with the widespread introduction of pets), and the ending felt like an actual ending, whereas last season it felt like it was limping into the finale. That being said, this season has lost a step in nearly every other department. Maybe it's just the lack of novelty, but I felt like there were a lot more genuinely laugh out loud moments in the first season. It ...
Season 2 follows the main route of the visual novel to its end and honestly, it works. We get more backstory on the MC that is more interesting, albeit still somehow sexualized. It delivers on the character development of all the girls, producing a climax that was peak for this series, including a couple of episodes that were legitimately great. It's still dragged down by the baggage that this series keeps carrying around, though, and it's difficult to give it too much credit in distinguishing itself when it tethers its story to the elements that came before. Maybe I'm expecting too much from a story ...
Season 1 of the show, it's honestly not a bad start. It's a bit goofy how many panty shots are in this, there's some nudity, but the stand out oddness is how this show is just weirdly horny during moments that should be taken seriously. That contributes to this season being really uneven. We get backstories for each of the girls, many of which feel rushed because a whole route of the graphic novel was condensed into a single episode. Still, a couple of them work, providing some really strong pathos. Others range from confusing messes to being outright disgusting watches. There are even a ...
It’s difficult to rate this one because the episodes are all so variable. Aside from the very last, every episode is broken into fragments covering often entirely different characters at distinct points in time. On occasion, this really works, with episodes 1, 4, and 10 being particular highlights, and portions of the others working pretty well. It also gives the animators room to do some pretty extra stuff, including making part of two episodes in a much more storybook style that kind of works despite the lesser fluidity of the animation.. . But that’s just it: this show works in part, but not so well as a ...
Two factors to keep in mind before I get into this. It’s been a long time since I’ve seen Season 1 and I wasn’t over the moon about it. In fact, I was pretty tepid. So going into this one, I was foggy on details for that season (though I did recently take in both sets of OVAs) and hoping for a step up in this season. This is also one of two series that thrive on their mysteries. As such, there’s a certain degree of expectation that at least some of those mysteries will be resolved in the end.. . Unfortunately, I don’t think this season ...
In world where people are experiencing an illness called rust that slowly saps their lives, a lone doctor tries to heal the sick with mushrooms. He runs into mushroom hunters (including the titular Sabikui) and together they seek a rust-eating mushroom.. . It's a good time to watch with a really intriguing world that the series doesn't really investigate in-depth, but that kind of works for this set-up. It’s a good turn your brain off kind of series with an ending that jumped the shark a couple more times than I’m happy with, but still managed to put a smile on my face. Probably ranking this too ...
The titular Aharen-san is diminuitive, quiet girl that has a particular set of skills. Raido is a large and imposing boy who often comes off as stand-offish, so he doesn't develop many relationships. These two high schoolers go from uncertain of each other to joined at the hip, and this series actually develops its romances rather quickly, though its side characters range from forgettable to frustrating.. . In all, it’s a cute production with decent art and a sweet relationship at its heart. Unfortunately, it’s milquetoast. The central joke runs its course early, becoming rote rapidly, and while the series does have a good deal of heart ...
It's a fun series with some strong potential that hasn't really done anything "extra" yet. I like the characters and those that we've gotten to spend more time with, and I enjoy the range of abilities on the table, though that's about all I can say. The lead is pretty bog standard, haven't seen any excellent characters yet, and while there are shades of gray, the plot is a bit black and white at the moment. It works, and I cant say that there's anything wrong with the series either, but setting aside some fun dynamics and a pretty awesome fight scene, this series just ...
I feel like this show has almost completely changed between the two seasons. S1 was all about an animated orb learning to transform into objects, animals and people around it and, over the course of the season, slowly building himself into something resembling a human himself. Sure, it had its pacing issues later in, and I still think it peaked in episode 1, but the journey felt rather clear: Fushi would have to learn to live his immortal life, and would have to deal with the mortality of those around him. This season felt... a little directionless for much of its run. It carried over ...
This was usually a fun series to watch and had some awesome moments to it, but I honestly don’t think it ever lived up to the promise of its first episode, which still stands out as its strongest.. . This show is trying to do a lot all at once, including: establishing a multifaceted isekai’d character, building an all female harem, introducing us to a world filled with magic, development of magical tools to supplement or substitute for that magic, dealing with family drama, managing a royal succession crisis, dealing with a variety of weird things that result from an implantable source of magic power causes, and ...
This and the previous season are rather difficult for me to rate, mainly because I find myself comparing the experiences with those I've had reading the manga. Previous seasons had a bit of that too, but these seasons have been... different. S5 was a real down point for the series, since it excluded a lot of what made the manga great and just lacked the visual punch of the manga. For all that this series gets treated as basic bitch shonen, the manga can sometimes bleed into the horrific with some absolutely terrifying panels that have yet to be replicated in the series, even going ...
I had a lot of reservations going into this series as a decent fan of the original that weren’t helped by the first two episodes, but when this series really got going, it got exciting.. . Before I get into that, though, I’ll say that the animation is certainly a lot better than the original series, though I don’t think CGI always works to its benefit. When it’s an action scene, it’s glorious, but when it’s focusing in close on quieter moments, it feels… off. Hard to explain why.. . As for the narrative, I feel like this season does an almost equal number of things better and worse ...
I’ve liked this series, even if my enjoyment of it has waned a bit over time. I think it’s well done isekai with a rather unique take on the premise and a direction that keeps this series feeling dynamic. Even if some plot elements fizzle with less than satisfying results, there’s enough going on that it still feels like it’s moving in a positive direction.. . Then the series takes a step to the side and it loses me. I tried to watch Slime Diaries and I was just bored. It’s become one of the few series I’ve outright dropped with no plans of coming back to ...
Edomae Elf is a slice-of-life anime adaptation set in modern-day Japan featuring an eternally young elf. The story follows said young elf called Elda, who is transported to Edo period Japan from her home in another world. Elda must learn to adapt to life in Edo, and she soon finds herself caught up to be enjoying her new life as an enshrined goddess in the Takamimi Shrine. While it may not be a show for everyone, it offers an interesting concept worth exploring.. The anime introduces a world where elves and Japanese tradition and religion coexist. This blend of fantasy elements and cultural aspects creates a ...
Flip Flappers is a strange anime that I bailed on when I first gave it a shot in 2017. I thought it was a mildly interesting anime with great art but completely insufferable dialogue—you will surely notice that the two main characters scream each others’ names back and forth over and over again for large portions of the show.. . I came back six years later, and I’m not entirely sure why. Did I feel bad that I didn’t give it a real shot? Did I want it to be better than it was? Well, unfortunately for 2017 me, I stopped on the episode *just before* it ...
Not what I'd say waiting five years should've been but still glad it wasn't dropped.. . Since the first season of ancient magus bride I liked it alot, from the world building of the setting, which was mostly English country side to the city, The art style and animations were good and the characters like Elias, Ruth and Silky and even the music was great.. But the second season underperformed for me, when comparing it to the first season with taking into account the first season was 24 episodes.. . What I found underperformed was mostly the lack of adventure, as for the most part Chise and Elias were ...
While the first season was all about the visceral fights and violent atrocities, the second season of Vinland Saga leans heavily on introspection and personal growth. Unfortunately it's frequently a bore-fest with snail pacing and excessive melodrama. There are many moving and memorable scenes, but the context and build-up can feel draining and saturated with cloying sentimentality and depression. There are very few adult anime that can stick to humorless brutal realism mixed with the everyday mundane without being tempted to spice it up by going completely medieval, which it eventually does, but never forgetting it's original vision. That being said, while the acting itself ...
If you are "huge" into romantic anime, this is a great choice for you. If you are person who has "average" or "slightly above average" interest in romantic anime.......you might enjoy it, but feel that there is a lot of potential that was not utilized. If you are less than "average" interested in romantic anime you're probably going to hate it. I find myself in the middle.. . I will start with the positive. Amane(mc) and Mahiru have exceptional chemistry with one another and have conversations that feels like "real life". It just feels.............natural. They way they play off each other is exceptionally well-done. Their cutsey ...
This is one of those “read the manga” type of anime as the adaptation was very condensed & omitted content. It's also the type of series that blind watchers won't see what's wrong it. However, most people gave up on the premise alone and couldn't view more than 4 episodes. The series has a small online presence & this anime probably killed any interest. I feel the promotional art is also to blame as it gives little accuracy to what's being sold here. Calling the series a romcom is correct but that's not the complete package. The series is battle oriented but the average audience ...
Megami no Café Terrace: A Quirky Harem for the Ages. If you're looking for a trashy harem-esque, fanservice romcom, look no further and check out Megami no Café Terrace, as it is the perfect anime for you. This series has beautiful girls, delicious food, and plenty of laughs.. The story follows Kasukabe Hayato, an orphan who returns to his hometown after his grandmother's death. He inherits her rundown café, Cafe Terrace Familia, and is tasked with running it. However, he's not the only one interested in the café. Five young women who call themselves the "Goddesses of Cafe Terrace" also live there. They're all determined to keep ...
I was excited for this realistic mystery/crime/thriller as there aren’t too many amazing ones out there- Monster and Kaze no Yojimbo come to mind. To sum up quickly, this anime has an amazing start, gets tedious and fails to find it’s footing, gets amazing again near the end, then slams you with a huge annoying aggravation, before delivering a decent enough ending.. . The good- the op is one of the best of the season, and thats saying something as I cant remember one season that had so many shows with amazing music. It’s a story about a normal person with nothing special about him ...
Opus.COLORs starts out less than promising with murky direction and unimpressive animation. The setting is poorly explained, centered around an original form of "perception art" involving some element of VR, but how the mechanics work is vague to the point of obtrusiveness. We know that the art process is inherently collaborative, needing both the efforts of an artist and what the show refers to as a grader, who appears to take on some form of editorial role. It's unclear how the grader actually contribute to a project beyond things like basic marketing or choosing what frame to put a painting in, which all seem like ...
AniKuri15, a captivating compilation of 15 short films from several diverse studios, offers a glimpse into a world where abstract visuals and animation dominate the limited runtime. While a few episodes display dated CGI, such instances are primarily confined to their respective episodes. The series presents an array of distinct art styles and visually engaging animations, with numerous shorts deserving high praise. However, unless you possess a deep passion for animation, AniKuri15 proves challenging to recommend due to its specialized content that caters to the discerning tastes of animation enthusiasts.. . My personal favorites include "Hidden Princess," "Good Morning," "The Assassin Comes to Hunt in the Mountains!!," ...
This anime will immediately be labelled as "Mixed Feelings", because of the fact it is going to be disgusting for some and enjoyable for others. It most certainly is controversial.. . I think the premise of this show and the overall narrative is a lot more interesting than most people give it credit for, but I can't blame those who refuse to watch it out of principal, as it does indeed include a lot of disgusting behaviours.. Those who give this show a terrible rating without ever having watched it though, I cannot agree with.. . This is unlike any fantasy anime I have ever watched before:. The MC ...
I'm writing this as someone who has played and watched football/soccer for a solid 15 years..so i know everything about this sport inside and out.. . The road that this first season has took is very interesting.... Unlike most football animes traditional "high school tournament 11 v 11", Blue Lock has mixed it up with stuff that can only be done on the streets with your friends, which many many football fans will relate to...such as playing tag with a football, playing a 3,4 or 5 a side match, playing wildly and challenging each other.... It's a big plus to the anime and that is why I'm giving it ...
It has its beauty, it has its value, but this season progress in every sense was extremely slow. Worse, it repeated the same things from the first season, with small escalations, which obviously saturated.. . I am very sorry that they did not deliver something better this season, because it is a very rich work due to the numerous references to the tale of the Bamboo Cutter, the oldest Japanese narrative, from which the legend that gave its name to Mount Fugi also derives. It is not only from these beautiful legendary roots that the novel rests, either. Well, it offers new perspectives, with new reflections and ...
Although I enjoyed this anime for what it was, it's far more "typical isekai trash", than it is any sort of actual farming anime.. In fact, you'd probably be hard-pressed to call this a farming anime at all, at least with how the story is adapted here (no clue about the LN).. . The MC dies in the real world and God gives him a second chance at life in another, fantasy world. We've all heard this a million times before as it is the general premise for almost every single isekai in existence.. The difference here is that the MC doesn't want to be an ...
This is NOT your typical isekai trash.. The MC is not OP, he doesn't get a harem, he doesn't get sent on a year-long quest to find God or kill the Demon Lord.. . However, there are typical isekai cliché elements for sure. The MC isn't OP, but his 2 familiars most certainly are and they are the plot devices that allow the story to progress - not that there truly is much of a story here in all honesty.. The 2 familiars also provide a majority of the comedy in this series as well.. . The plot is simple: MC gets summoned to a fantasy world, but as a ...
Anyone ever watch a show specifically for one character? Everyone has their own reason for watching something, no matter how odd or specific, no matter how the thing they decide to watch looks like it’ll turn out. Sometimes they just like the vibe and wanna experience that all the way. Sometimes they just really like a song or one of their favorite artists is doing the OP or ED. Sometimes clips have convinced you that a show has baller fights, or in the case of this show, clips have demonstrated one character who sells the anime alone.. . It’s not the sister. In fact, let’s get this ...
I would say I’m more of an open man when it comes to watching anime. I pretty much like to watch any kind of anime. This season of anime for example, I’m watching a show about the dark side of the entertainment industry, a show about a father trying to outwit the Yakuza to protect his family, a show that puts Saitama in the Harry Potter world and even a show that’s pretty much a s**tpost with horrendous CG. As you can see, I’m open into watching any kind of anime, even a show like this one where it’s over the top fun that ...
Mahou Shoujo Magical Destroyers is an interesting one. It’s an experimental anime that attempts to make an appeal to its broader otaku-orientated audiences while also composing a social commentary about the otakus and its culture. Siding mostly with sympathy for otakus and the cruelty of being ostracized for liking anime and its subcultures, Magical Destryers desperately wanted to convey a guilt-driven fantasy for the unfairness of being misrepresented and illy treated by a larger, ambitiously as well as ambiguously presented “societal”’ forces that want to eradicate them from the face of Japan.. . Set in a fictional timeline of the year 2008, the Japanese Government, ...
I'm on the search for good horror in all format, and this one was on the list.... . As many others have said - it's not necessarily bad - it's obviously achieved what it was aiming for: short stories put to screen with a very restrictive budget.. It's almost an automated book for you - which they obviously know with the start/end credits showing a book being turned.. . There are some interesting stories in here but I suspect the very low budget approach will put many off.. . And finally if you correctly find clowns weird and think they should all be set on fire be warned there's ...
Girls in sports, girls in a love polygon, girls in music, and now, girls serving in a cafe — that's what following this mangaka by the name of Seo Kouji gets you for a start, and that goes like his usual stint of rom-com garbage stank.. . The harem rom-com (kinda shit) connoisseur of a mangaka, the maestro Seo Kouji is back with yet another "grand" piece of his manga-to-anime works, nothing really is stopping this guy with anime adaptations back-to-back that started with 2005's Suzuka, then on the way to 2013's Kimi no Iru Machi a.k.a A Town Where You Live (which I thought was quite ...
The strong point is the plot internally much more cohesive than the original work and Megumin has her charisma. However, it doesn't have the same great comic moments and some fits with the original work seem forced.. . Megumim is the least perverted and most normal of the original quartet. That's why she can't offer certain jokes in a plot containing only her from this quartet and especially without Kazuma to make a pair. However, that's not to say that the anime hasn't found other ways to be funny and that it hasn't provided other characters for comedic interactions.. . To evaluate is to compare, and comparing in more ...
It had a lot of potential and there is some high moments, but overall it just wasn't what it should have been. The main problem was that he didn't get the comic timing right. Perhaps it would have worked with a more ridiculous comedy and lacked serious contrasting elements.. . They tried to bring a Kono Suba-type humor, which has a proven right formula of parody with fantasy, action and ecchi. However, they did without an Aqua, without a Megumin and without a Darkness, just with Touka who is a slightly more virtuous version of Kazuma. There is one or another moment that some other character besides ...
Before we begin, I must mention the fact that this website categorized this show as a "comedy". Seeing this was the only thing that made me laugh throughout my entire experience with this series outside the manga. And so, let us begin.. . Watayuri is a melodrama. Everyone is uniquely terrible and unlikeable in their own way and watching it can make for a miserable experience at times, but in a "watching a train slowly derail" kind of way. Hime has self-esteem issues and cannot be truthful to herself or to others, Yano is insistently stubborn and cannot read into social situations, Sumika is a cuck, and ...
Cute, is the name of the work. But is this show good as anyone thinks it is? The answer may surprise you.. . Pet-centric works are easy to find, let alone if there is one that's as good as it is. But this season, there is kind of a waste of an opportunity, and it lands on the laurels of the fairly unknown work of mangaka Mitsuru Kido's only full-fledged series: Kawaisugi Crisis a.k.a Too Cute Crisis. . . To be fair, there was a pet-centric show before, in the form of mangaka Tunami Minatuki's Doukyonin wa Hiza, Tokidoki, Atama no Ue. a.k.a My Roommate is a Cat, which has ...
“Damn those crazy girls really dispute herself more than my almost divorced parents” -a friend of mine. . And that's kinda the main thing that I have against Yuri is my Job!, I mean, it has Yuri in the title, that's a pretty convincing argument, but nonetheless, the girls can't seems to stop having drama, I don't know who put the comedy tag on this, but I would definitively replace them with the drama tag, that sounds way more fine for what this is, which is something that's somewhat good, I did liked it for the most parts, but this anime can be very infuriating at the ...
The dub of this movie sucks straight up. need to rewatch the sub version. Fun themes and cool visuals. Some of the characters felt lacking but the bikes were pretty epic. I also hate the government so bonus points for that! I think kanye really liked this one but tbh he seems more like a lain guy idk i just get those vibes from him yknow? anyways this is my first MAL listing and it says i ned to have a childish 105 word count like some bullshit english class not sure whats up with that but enjoy your grammatical high horse nerds.
Episodic anthology series like Kino’s Journey have a tendency to be kind of a double-edged sword. On one hand, you can completely skip the episodes that aren’t to your liking without really missing anything. But on the other hand, if you’re a completionist, such as myself, you’ll watch every episode, no matter what. In this case, that mindset severely worsened my enjoyment of the show as a whole, seeing as I sat through episodes that I found completely uninteresting, while also knowing that they don’t matter in the larger scope of the show. Don’t get me wrong, a handful of the episodes are exceptionally intriguing, ...
Is it a good show?. Yes.. Is it an extremely deep and expertly written masterpiece?. nope.. . While I liked this season I think it has flaws and I'm not talking about the lack of action. These flaws were also in the first season, but this time they are more noticeable because of the lack of spectacle early on.. . My biggest problem is that the character development in Vinland saga feels cheap and unnatural.. Lets take season 1 Canute as an example. instead of gradually becoming more of a leader and taking small steps to get over his fear, it's like a switch is turned on in his head. suddenly his fear ...
I really enjoyed the first season of Magnus Bride and I was looking forward to this season. I did not dislike this season but there were times where I would not say I liked it either. The pacing at times felt sluggish and while the characters were still enjoyable, switching the setting from exploring the world to being confined primarily to school really robbed season two of some of the high points of season one. Of course there is still world building and intrigue, but I did get bored on occasion but never bored enough to disrupt my need to know what happens to Chise ...
Well this is degenerate trash that I probably would have not bothered to even look at but if you want to know if it's your type check out the trailer THOSE BIG JUICY THIGHS are what convinced me to give this one a go , and I was not disappointed. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°). . But wait DON'T DROP IT just yet , it's not all about the fanservice , if you are able to tolerate a bit of the scumbag behavior and weird thigh cultism , there is actually a decent narrative underneath this is a actually decent narrative that manages to make for a ...
Watayuri is a tough one, I really want to like it since it’s yuri, but the melodramatic and shallow story really make it hard for me. The show does have signs of promise, particularly towards the end once characters started getting their backstories fleshed out, but it’s too little too late in my opinion. Most of the show feels like cheap drama for the sake of drama.. . My biggest issue with this story is that literally every issue in this series could be solved if the characters just acted like normal human beings and spoke to each other about how they feel. The drama feels so ...
I don’t feel like I watched The Ancient Magus’ Bride. I don’t really understand why there was such a shift in tone and content, especially not if that shift in tone and content wasn’t going to be done super well. Don’t get me wrong, this anime is fine, but I feel like I’ve seen it before. A lot of the magic of this world was washed away for me this season; to be fair, I wasn’t the biggest fan of this series in the first place, but I was still excited to get back to these characters. Instead, I found this season to be quite ...
-Unclear theme and muddled plotting. -Sloppy, dues-ex-machina world building. -Resulting conclusion has no meaning or consequence. +Relatable heroine with interesting backstory. +Fun, colorful cast of characters. . Upon first glance, Lonely Castle and the Mirror sets itself up as a fantastical adventure—seven lonely children get whisked away to a magical castle where their wishes can be granted. The initial concept is promising as it opens the door to discuss themes of escapism vs reality, finding courage to face adversity, self sacrifice, etc. Unfortunately the movie’s plotting and story beats are not well defined, with the end result leaving the viewer scratching his head.. . The plus side ...
Facades are something people use as their armor to shield their true selves from the world around them. One can fake being a happy, giddy person, one can fake whatever emotions they want, but for the main character, Shirasagi Hime, she pretends to be the “perfect girl”, the most likeable girl in the entire world, so she can get with a good-looking millionaire, the ideal husband. One day however, she runs into the manager of a peculiar cafe, and to repay her debt for injuring her, she must work in this cafe until her injury is fully recovered. Now, you can guess what happens to ...
If there is any merit to one of the greatest fantasy stories of all time, mangaka Kore Yamazaki's Mahoutsukai no Yome a.k.a The Ancient Magus' Bride...shouldn't have gotten a Season 2 just to rake in on the franchise being a cash-cow, not until after Wit Studio's IPs began to frazzle and be managed by other people in the heft of its regard, losing the once-iconic studio's name for good.. . Hot on the heels of the last showing from the franchise with Wit Studio's initial 2-cour season back in Fall 2017 to Winter 2018, with a few OVAs in between of 2016-2017's Hoshi Matsu Hito a.k.a Those ...
I feel like this anime had great potential and it definitely has its moments, it will shock you, make you disgusted, make you sad, but very often it will make you mad because some characters are that dumb. My God are some characters straight up dumb, so dumb that you, as the viewer, straight up get offended how can anyone be that dumb.. . First episode will immediately get your attention with an excellent opening and OST, with episode having brutal gore, violence, sentient being slavery and extreme experimentation, abuse, boobs, action what else do you want? It's lit.. . Then next few 2-3 episodes you will get ...
Everyone knows this as the controversial anime. It's pretty messed up I cannot lie. Typically I try to leave out fanservice but it's so bad here that I have to knock it down. Every female character gets raped and/or sexually assaulted, it does gradually decrease as you go along however. It's SO unnecessary and wrong. The thing is the show tries to be serious about real issues like hikikomori syndrome and redemption from past mistakes and whatnot, then it does all this fucked up shit under the pretense of comedy. Plot is messy, there is a god involved in rudeus' reincarnation. But the world building ...
Fire force season two was just as visually stunning, impactful, and creative as the first. David Productions did an amazing job creating and maintaining the anime's unique style, and further built upon its elements in this season. However this season fell flat for arguably its plot alone. The plot of the first season was defined and solved (for the most part) by the end of the season. The flow was smooth, the suspense built up over the entirety of the anime, giving the final fight the importance and gravity it needed. Yet for this season, the plot was extremely segmented, with the ending establishing the ...
This feels like it suffers from a sort of second season curse. The interesting part of the story ended with season one and all season two does is turn the series into a sitcom. There doesn't feel to be any direction, just hijinks. The first season was well-rounded, even if I don't care for harem anime. Though I will admit, with harem anime, there is an expectation from me that the potential love interests to start being narrowed down and a deeper, cuter romance start to blossom. This feels like it just tries to add on more love interests because how wacky would that be, ...
Note: This review covers the first season and the first twenty episodes of Fruits Basket (Furuba).. . Given the target demographic of shoujo manga (teenage girls and young women), most shoujo-mangaka tend to tread a fine line between drama, comedy, romance, and, but not always, tragedy. The reason why Furuba became so popular and found its place in the pantheon of one of the best shoujo manga of all time was that it was able to balance the elements of drama, romance and tragedy with such exceptional panache that the series was appreciated not just by women but by men as well. This long-lasting popularity explains ...
The story is intriguing, but the animation quality is highly questionable.. . The previous statement perfectly sums it up. While the story itself isn't bad, the narrative quality is dubious. There are moments when the series has a fast-paced dynamic, with things happening quickly, but there are also moments when the opposite occurs, lacking a consistent speed.. . Now, regarding the characters, I wouldn't say they are bad, but they aren't perfect either. There are instances where their actions contradict the character development previously established, which can be somewhat uncomfortable to watch.. . Is it necessary to mention the animation? Well, yes. It's terrible. It's normal for animation quality to ...
Animation: 8/10 ( much better than the anime, but as a movie, it could be better). New characters: 7/10 (all are very interesting, especially Princia, Edward and Conrad. But due to having zero background developed, it left a frustration, like in the final moment of conrad, where we see an image, and we don't have the context of it, it was kind of empty). Soundtrack: 8/10 ( when i hear in the background Break together - kankaku piero, I liked the music, but something was missing, it left me with a little disappointment. BUT in the end, she came, the best ost of the new BIG 3, ...
I was really excited to watch Yasuke after seeing the trailer and listening to Flying Lotus' soundtrack. The visuals were not the best of an animated series but had its highlights, including the fight scenes. While I respected the endeavor to try and meld both historical fiction and sci-fi fantasy, it was tough to pull everything together in such a short series.. . It was jarring to go so rapidly between learning something about the real Yasuke's history and seeing the ridiculous inclusion of a robot and their horribly corny dialogue. I'm glad I watched this series and had a fun time with it, but I wish ...
The animation is pretty mediocre. No real flash to any of the scenes, character animation is just alright. Although the backgrounds are actually pretty solid. The characters are not all that impressive either, they're not shallow as a puddle, but they are not incredibly deep. The story has decent premise and leads to some fun hijinks, but that being said it's not too involved. The pacing is good for the most part, but the middle struggles a bit. Voice acting is pretty average. It's not lifeless, but it's also not at all impressive. The soundtrack is pretty good and the op/ed is also decent. Overall ...
The main attraction of Konosuba is that it is a complete comedy that isn’t serious. If we compare this season to the previous two seasons and the legend of Crimson movie, it does its job just fine. Konosuba never had a plot in the first place so the fact that absolutely nothing happens in this spin-off shouldn’t bother you given that you have watched the first two seasons and the movie. Right off the bat, the characters are obviously different, and the show is too. I simply think that the series is not as funny without Satou Kazuma, Aqua, and Darkness. Don’t get me wrong, ...
The Poster child of Carnography.. All the imagery of demons and Nazis and stuff flying around is pretty uncomfortable, I see why this would be interesting or something people would watch. Its essentially just a big and fat middle finger and everything that shouldn't be shown is shown.. Middle fingers, gore, Nazis, demonic imagery, etc.. The art direction and animation is quite impressive for its time ignoring the small stints of abhorrent CGI. It very well suits the nature of the show and enhances it. However, there is something a little unnatural about some of the gore, so over the top that it. struggles to get that stomach curling ...
Konosuba is a huge show; as of writing this, it’s #38 in popularity here in MAL. And I think most people will agree that the main reason for this is its humor. Whether you think it’s funny or not, it makes a way stronger attempt than most of the isekai before and since to shine thanks to its comedy. Through it, you end up caring about the story and the characters, which is awesome.. . That’s why when they announced this spin-off, my initial reaction was mostly negative. I don’t really care about any of the characters enough to see them go on an adventure on their ...
With a strong finale, viewers might be inclined to believe at first glance that this piece of media is up to par with the biggest legends of anime history. After all, the elements for a strong, emotional, and impactful narrative are there.. . However, as soon as you start analyzing just a tiny bit of what you are presented with, you begin to realize the shallow and non-committal depth of the themes and their depictions in this season. Therefore, very basic questioning of actions or situations can lead to a feeling of confusion and even annoyance due to their lack of proper development and logical or emotional ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (6). The story is continuation from 1st season where there is a man who got into another world with a smartphone. People on that world didn't know about smartphone technology yet. There is a God and Goddess that keep an eye for MC too. But I think the story is too short and didn't complete.. . Art (7). The art for this anime is good. I like the color they use on anime but I prefer if they use lot of animation rather than static image.. . Sound (8). All the sounds that they used are suitable and adjusted to the animation.. ...
As this three part anime series opens we are told that most disappearances in London are due to dragons. Most of the inhabitants can't see them though. There is also a second City of London; Reverse London. Here people are aware of the dragons and they are controlled by 'Wing Bind'. Protagonists Noel Niihashi and Ninny Spangcole are two witches who work for Wing Bind to protect the city.. . I enjoyed this short series; it is just a pity it didn't have more episodes. The setting is good and the characters are fun to watch. The scenes of them battling against dragons were suitably exciting without ...
Demon slayer is back again with amazing production as always. However, this season feels the shallowest out of all of them so far. There is very little effort put into the build up of the arc at all and it just felt like after the demon castle scene that the show was trying to get to the fight scene as quickly as possible.. . The plot is just somehow with zero explanation or link from the previous season the antagonists get here and somehow the protagonists just happen to be in the exact same place. Without a good plot and build up the arc is up to ...
"My home hero". . Despite the direction and animation being quite weak, the entire anime gave me a feeling of curiosity and tension.. . The desire to want to know how the Nobuto case will end always made me anxious and also excited about what the next situation Tetsuo will find himself in and how he will get out of it.. . "Tetsuo", well, he's just a father desperate to save his family, I think anyone would at least try to do the same as he did. Tetsuo's relationship with Kyouichi is very good, it's a shame that this relationship collapses during the last moments of the Nobuto case.. . The ending ...
Before we start this review, I'd like to let you know I have not played the Visual Novel and have only consumed Higurashi content in anime form, so my perspective will differ from those who have read the Visual Novel.. It's also important to understand that both Gou and Sotsu are regarded as blasphemy by many Higurashi fans. I definitely can see why, but that doesn't mean the anime outside of a Higurashi perspective is bad or deserves to be rated a one, as the anime itself isn't that bad; it's heavily flawed and poorly executed, and its premise is quite interesting.. . Requirements before watching:. Please watch ...
I am a die-hard Gintama fan. I have watched it until now, and all of the previous seasons were 9-10/10's. They were just really good and nothing was like it.. . . Then Gintama. rolls into my watchlist. I was expecting more of the same, and for Gintama that is a very very very good thing.. . All I find is Shonen battles, plot vomit, more shonen battles, plot vomit, and a lot of stories basically just handed to us. WHY?!??! Can you not take it slow?. . The First 200 episodes took it very very slow, with almost no plot, and it was one of the best seasons of any anime ...
Sometimes the word for a show like this can be just one word. "Fine". Sometimes it's nice to have something fine. There are lots of wholesome romantic comedies that all feel the same and this one rose a bit above the chaff of the others. For me, it's the art style, the music, and the two leads' chemistry. But still, by the end, it runs its course like every other and maybe overstays its welcome. Oddly enough the delay in production gave me just enough time to want to return to it. Halfway through you think "can you get much else new from these characters? ...
"Life is like a demon slayer's sword. It's sharp, it's shiny, and sometimes, it just doesn't cut." - A Hashira throughout this entire show. . Welcome demon slayer stans, to the rollercoaster ride that is, your apprent greatest story ever, Kimetsu no Yaiba [back at it again, for that one show every year]. It's like a demon slayer who forgot to sharpen his blade - it's still deadly, but it doesn't quite hit the mark, and by missing i mean, absolutely haymaker slashes. It's not a disaster, but it's a solid, disappointing 6. It's like the rice ball that's been left out too long - still fills ...
"Best Wheat Farming Documentary and Training guide ever created by mankind." - Steve from Minecraft [Steve did not watch Vinalnd saga season 1]. . Anyways, Jokes aside Lads,. Welcome, my fellow anime voyagers, to the saga that is Vinland Saga Season 2. It's like a Viking longboat, not the fancy kind with the dragon head, but the workhorse kind that gets you from point A to point B without losing a single crew member to sea monsters. It's definitely not a 9, to the dismay of many, but it's a sturdy, reliable 8. It's like the porridge of the anime world - not the most exciting dish on ...
Faraway Paladin is the epitome of Mid.. . . It is the exact definition of an average anime. It’s an issekai about a normal guy who dies and becomes a strong guy in a different world. He’s stronger than most people, but not too much stronger than everyone else.. . What stands about it?. . Nothing. . It dips it toes into multiple categories, but doesn’t commit to any, so it becomes this stale, lukewarm show. It tries to be a smart show by having the protagonist think about his moves during battle, but there isn’t a huge focus on this and his moves don’t really combo together, it’s more that he just ...
I finished the anime confused I still don’t get the power level system it felt random. The main characters power system confused me the most why did he get this new ability I don’t know. His little sister abilities weren’t really explained. . The side characters feel 1 dimensional and didn’t make a impact on me. Give me a reason to actually care about them, I can hardly remember there names.. . The pacing is slow the story doesn’t really go anywhere which is disappointing and when it does move it felt rushed like why are they here.. . It was really funny at times but it’s a ...
The continuation of the prequel last Summer that despite some recommending the 20th anniversary remake of the anime, my feelings are unchanged over how Season 1 was to some lackluster showing overall, though I will give it a notch since this serves as the latter half to the reboot that turned out fine.. . Since even less people are watching the sequel (which as mentioned, is just a continuation of the overall Tokyo Mew Mew storyline), I'll just make this review short: it wraps up the manga adaptation indefinitely, though I could tell you that I cared EVEN less for the sequel since the initial Season 1 ...
This show is basically what you get if you rip off the opening sequence of Mushoku Tensei and follow it up with the universe lore of Shield Hero, but whilst both of those anime are arguably two of the most loved shows of the Isekai genre and this sounds like a recipe for success this show almost completely misses the mark on what makes an engaging story.. . After the standard prologue showing us how the MC is a loser before embarking on a journey of self-redemption, the MC is immediately provided with a means to "cheese" progress (a gaming term common to RPG's used to describe ...
The beginning was very promising. The whole idea behind Project Blue Lock seemed interesting, though from a realistic point of view quite foolish and childish.. . However my main gripe with this show was the pacing. During every match and without failure, every move and thought process is over-explained and over-analysed until all the momentum of the previous action gets lost. It's all build-up without peak, which in turn just leaves you frustrated and unfulfilled.. . To make things worse, they just just had to add melodrama on top of it all. Why are these teenagers dramatically breaking up with each other, or in some cases with ...
To be honest, the show only needs to be 5-7 episodes just because of the repetitive scenes and dialogues.. Starting from episode 4 that is where you will get what this show is all about,. IT IS LITERALLY A "SELF-INSERT TYPE ANIME" THROUGH and THROUGH.. In the perspective of a male audience, one can safely say, "this is what I'm looking for a GF or even a wife, someone who cares about me, cooks for me and listen to my problems.". On the flip side, in the perspective of a female audience, they would say "this should be how guys act, good grades, good looks and knows when to ...
So stage 3. It was ok. Probably shouldn't have been a film, maybe a smaller season like stage 2. Music was still great but quite a step down for me from stage 1 and 2. I'll expand.. . Animation wise, as usual, is broken into two different parts; the driving, the non driving. I'll start with the driving as I believe this is the element that shines. Seemingly, with every season it gets better and better. It's now at a point where I'm not sure it can to be honest. Every race, with come thick and fast in this season, I'll touch on this later, is ...
The Mars Daybreak is the picture of average. It has a beginning, middle, and end. There's really not much more to say about it. The protagonist is a Gary Stu, everyone else is a static stereotype, and only a couple characters demonstrate any growth, albeit along predictable trajectories. You might like a couple of the side characters (there are a ton of em so it would be rare that not one strikes a chord with you) but they all get so little time or effort in fleshing them out that there's nothing to any of them but a handful of traits. ...
Title: A Bittersweet Journey: The Troubled Life of Miss Kotoura. . Rating: 6/10. . "The Troubled Life of Miss Kotoura" is an anime series that delves into the complex and emotional journey of a young girl named Haruka Kotoura, who possesses the ability to read minds. With the initial promise of exploring a unique premise, the show manages to captivate viewers with its poignant portrayal of the protagonist's struggles, but falls short in certain aspects, resulting in a mixed viewing experience.. . One of the show's greatest strengths lies in its ability to evoke powerful emotions. Miss Kotoura's troubled past, filled with loneliness, heartbreak, and rejection, tugs at the heartstrings and ...
Vinland Saga Stories would probably be a best name for this second season, specifically because it doesn't have much of anything previously established, and mostly build up on top of new stories and events to the point that the original characters look only as special contributor than the main focus of the show, they are they but they don't feel like leading the ship, but only taking a ride along.. . Personally i dont mid slow paced stories, if they are written well i will like them, but something in this second season makes it feel inherently bad as a slow paced show, the fact that it's ...
This season has a rather weak story as well as some terrible pacing. I wouldn't say that it's because of the studio behind this season, but weakness in the source material, sadly. Unless the studio could quicken the pacing but then people would probably complain that they skipped a lot.. . Chise's lack of emotion almost felt like it was an asset in the first season, however in the school setting of this season it feels like her lack of emotion is less of an personality trait, but a lack of a personality. In a season where it feels like there is really no drama, nothing pushing ...
The core theme of Vinland Saga is introduced in its very first episode: "You have no enemies. No one has any enemies. There is no one that you should hurt." While not everyone agrees with this perspective, many people believe that violence is sometimes necessary, albeit in extreme circumstances. While these individuals may find enjoyment in the first season, they may not appreciate the second season. Season 2 is specifically tailored for those who genuinely believe that violence only begets more problems. This philosophy is considered extreme even in our modern world, but it appears particularly audacious within the Viking world of Vinland Saga.. . That being ...
The animation is unique... but kinda hit or miss in terms of execution. Not a whole lot of flash and not incredible when it is flashy. The art style is really cool and it at times super well implemented. Other times it looks bad, the cg clashes hard with the art style and the color choice and patterns can make the animation too busy. The characters are pretty solid. Some characters are a little mustache twirly, but overall very good, a little annoying at times though. The story is the best part of the anime. Great world building, intriguing plot and some great twists and ...
It was good... Unlike the first season this was near ungodly slow and honestly a bit dull at times. A show that wasn't lacking in quality but is more suited toward a mature audience and not just an 17+ adult one. The previous season was fast paced, and violent. No one really had to pay attention the plot to get hyped for Thorfinn to beat the odds and survive. This whole second season was introspective, a mature adults slice of life from a different era and culture just up until the end. I was fully involved with every minute of the episodes up until the ...
6/10. . Vinland Saga season 2 is alright but noticeably worse than its predecessor. While I enjoyed the overall plot and story, I found that the show moved way too slowly, was full of pointless scenes, and could have been shrunken down to maybe 12-15 eps (in which case is could of been an 8).. . I loved the overall plot of the story, with Thorfinn rediscovering who he truly is and finding an identity of his own. It’s full of great characters like Einar, snake, and old master who are all great well-developed characters. On the other side, we followed Cannute’s development which was also interesting to see, ...
This anime, held up to modern shows in the same gerne is now kind of generic. It is very effective in showing a lot of fan service but ultimately has a undeveloped plot. The plot has the potential to be ahead of it's time and very intriguing but it fails on most fronts to be compelling. It feals like there was something holding it back from being an above average anime. The animation is very dynamic and almost lively. It has a lot of energy but over all looks dated and poorly aged. Comparing to shows that came out around that time it looks slightly ...
TL;DR This show would have been great if they'd kept it to their youtube channel.. . Trying to appeal to a huge base right out the gate was the biggest mistake - most foreign anime watchers are shonen watchers (see the crunchyroll demon slayer awards) with a smattering of people who enjoy other more common genres. Kaigai vtuber fans are often cringe and toxic....don't read chat in English usually because it tends to make my blood pressure go up. The negative reviews make sense because the people leaving them are 1) anime watchers who aren't into vtubers or 2) toxic kaigai niki's who hate on whatever ...
I literally fell on love with the opening of this anime. It started out well, with MC fat, not handsome, victim of bullying, and ecc. Even though he became very, very handsome, he still didn't have the confidence.. . Little by little he starts to trust himself but the fact that he's having so many girl around him, put the story off. It's nice to have a love interest but not that many.. . . He's always saving the girls while the guys are the villains. No other side story which makes the anime feels one way.. . . I'm just hoping that even if he's in love, he'd choose ...
How this season got a better score than season 1 I just don't know.... Must be score bombing or whatever..... . The good thiings about this season:. The art was amazing... really beautiful animations and sceneries for that matter.. it was good at capturing certain feelings of the characters and/or envieroment... However... this is where it ends.... . The bad things about the show:. Following a season 1 which captured the Viking culture meeting christianity as well as season 1 being ACTION packed, filled with cool moments, interesting characters, alot of development through the story as well as characters, this season 2 just doesn't deliver AT ALL.... I found myself wondering if ...
Isekai wa Smartphone to Tomo ni. 2 (2023). . For season 1 I gave a 10 because it was more chilled and quirky.. . Season 2 has lost this to turn it into a smash fest of building up a harem with far too much talking, people saying 'ahhhhhh', and dealing with romance built with rushed combat from an extremely overpowered protagonist. The show is trying to tick every box it can at once which does relate to its source material which I think is much better in its other form. Perhaps if this came out closer to the end of season 1 it would feel much better ...
Português - Admito que tive bastante preconceito com esse anime, não pelo seu conteúdo, e sim pelo seus massivos 170 episódios. Deixei de ver alguns animes pela quantidade de episódios (exemplo: HunterXHunter e JOJO).. O anime em si é bem razoável, na minha opinião não gosto de protagonista muito gentil, sendo até irritante as vezes, não gostei o fato dos episódios terem entre 25 e 28 minutos, dando uma sensação de episódios curtos, sendo chato ficar toda hora mudar de episodio, os "episódios de relembrar" me davam um pouco de odio, não sabia se aconteceria algo no final, me forçando a ver e etc... O ...
So, what to say about this Anime? Anime? This is the most confusing point in this serial. It does not really feel like an japanese Anime. The storytelling, the scene cutting and everything else reminds me more to a chinese Donghua than to an japanese Anime.. . Is this bad? I don't think so.. . The worst thing about this serial is the lack of Episodes. We have here not the standard Isekai where the MC goes to the new world and stay there. The MC here can travel at every time between both worlds. The complexity of this isekai can not be told in 13 Eps. It should ...
I'll try to keep this short and sweet.. I was very pleasantly surprised at the beginning – especially after the last arc (ouf) – but my excitement waned towards the end. The jokes really landed for me and the characters felt good, or at least not so chauvinistic and sexist lol (looking at you Tengen).. It actually made me laugh out loud a couple of times, which is very unusual for me. Of course, that's very subjective.. . What is less subjective is the pacing problem this series has had since the Mugen train arc, and unfortunately this is still the case here. The character arcs feel incredibly ...
good to watch once, wouldn't watch it again. It felt way to quick, honestly rushed. There was barely any storyline just fighting cute scenes and occasional wow. I got bored but didn't if ygm. Just a good show I wont shit on it cuz I did enjoy it just not as much as the other seasons.. erm good art mid dialogue nezuko's cute muzan a rich spoilt kid and yea that's it. I will still be watching the next seasons. If this is like one of your first series ig you'll enjoy it cuz its such a simple pot erm yea this is annoying now cuz ...
This show is both, wacky, questionable, and wholesome. I can't say that it is an amazing show by any means, but if you look past the first episode, and watch it as a non gender bender anime, then it really gets much better to watch through.. . The plot is really mixed, the plot of the MC basically being a sheltered discord moderator male, that gets changed into a awkward female, then doesn't realize you can't do male things as a woman without being looked at weirdly (kinda reminds me of "Bocchi The Rock" in some ways of awkwardness of the MC). The bad part about this ...
So sad that this turned out to be just another reverse harem where everyone falls in love with the MC. The characters just genuinely lose all their personality because suddenly all their wants and desires revolve around living with Catarina forever?. . I mean, boring as hell. I get the point she reincarnates in an otome so every character just acts as an otome character but still. If at least there was some kind of feelings awakening in her but no, she just ignorant all the time, their feelings don´t reach her in anyway, they just end up not feeling genuine. Mary was the wooooorst character ever. ...
Vinland Saga's second season retains the beautiful visuals from the first and still contrasts those with the cruel nature of the world it portrays. However, the tone and overall nature of the show have changed significantly. For most of the season the setting has been changed from the battlefield to just the field. The season has little action and has become much more drama oriented.. . While the lack of action may be a turn off for some viewers, my problem with the second season lies elsewhere: I'm old enough to have gotten most youthful idealism out of my system, so I simply dont ...
Tension is, supposedly anyway, the result of creating conflict in a story, and no story is complete without at least some of it. There are of course numerous ways to execute these ideas, and there is no singular “tried-and-true” method that applies to all stories. But *In Another World with My Smartphone* season two opts to try a daring experiment – create a show in which any sense of tension is thrown out the window almost entirely, where plots that have the capacity to shape the face of a nation are resolved within twenty-three minutes at a time, and the guy always gets the girl. ...
Demon slayer series is counted among 1 of the 10 top web series in MAL. I also personally love this series.. Anyway since we're talking about 3rd season, if we count the movie then 4th season. Therefore, i don't think any introduction is necessary so I'll skip it. Let's get to the point.. . (1)This series starts with a great beginning. Action, adventure, comedy, fantasy genre, also training, siblings bond, friends. It was almost perfect, the fights of this season was fair and thrilling. Flashback stories was also great.. ...
(This review contains spoilers!!!). Again big problems despite top animation. . As usual for the series, this arc has no special story. Tanjiro needs a sword and therefore comes to the village of the swordsmiths. Here he meets other Demon Slayers and trains on the spot. During the training there is a little mystery and then the village is attacked by Upper Moons. The fight against them then fills most of the arc.. . This arc comes with the exact same problems as the previous arcs. My biggest problem with Demon Slayer is that the plot is written very earmarked. Power ups come out of nowhere because the mangaka ...
Imagine taking a proper expensive shoe, and a cheap chinese knockoff.. They look identical, but just by the sensation of it you know something's not right with the knockoff.. This movie is that cheap shoe. All the characters and stuff seem to be there, and there's some enjoyable experiences because of the familiarity, but overall it just mediocre at best. Some of the animations look like they're AI generated, and I wouldn't be surprised if they were, it feels very unnerving and weird. This whole movie doesn't feel like a high budget production that went all out with animations, but just mediocrity shoved in some AI ...
It's kind of funny, I guess? I'm heavily biased towards the show just because it's comedy, but the way the story is structured just sets it up for failure. If it weren't for the fact that I enjoy the genre, it'd certainly not be worth watching. The execution isn't particularly stunning, but it was definitely good at some points.. . The problem with Isekai Ojisan is the fact that this show is split into a "real world" story and the "isekai" story. Most, if not all of the funny parts of the story are in the isekai one. The show and author are also aware of this. ...
i have to say there was a tag missing which is "kids", this was low than pg-13 i mean this is made for like 5 to 7 years old kids ! seriously so much cringe and the humor !*sigh* what can i say it's too illogical and childish ! but the plot itself is interesting and i am a harem fan so i had to watch this ! if the presentation was done more maturely then this could've been a gold but given how it is it's average ! as the lightheartedness and mc being overpowered made this anime bearable at least ! the animation ...
Did anyone else find the second part of season one not as good as the first part? The charm is consistent. The character development seems just as consistent. But there's no ramp up in energy. The story doesn't get you closer and closer to the edge of your seat. And while I think that resolving family situations is admirable and infrequent in anime as a whole, which itself is a fresh change of pace, this doesn't necessarily make for a compelling story.. . Hopefully everything happening now serves as simple character development as an overall strategy to help us care more about the characters once ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (9). The story is about a head family that got involved in mafia things in order to save his family especially his daughter. Luckily that the He's watching lot of detective movies and get knowledge from that to do it on real life. All the episode is mostly about the survival and strategy. You will find intense situation when He's almost get caught.. . Art (7). The art is good. But I prefer if they give more detailed to the background. Overall it's already good.. . Sound (7). The music for OP and ED is quite good. I like the sfx they use.. ...
My Home Hero: A Dark and Twisted Crime Drama. The title of this anime promises a suspenseful and thrilling story about a father who must protect his daughter from a dangerous boyfriend. And while the premise was certainly intriguing, the show ended up being much darker and more twisted than I had expected.. The characters in My Home Hero are all deeply flawed and morally ambiguous. For example, the protagonist, Tosu Tetsuo, is a seemingly ordinary man. But he is driven to violence when he discovers his daughter is abused by her boyfriend.. Tetsuo's actions set in motion a chain of events that quickly spiral out of ...
Swordsmith Village Arc is the third season of the ever eminent anime Demon Slayer. Coming right off the back of the Entertainment District Arc, this third season has quite the expectation to live up to. So does it? No, not really, but it's still pretty decent. Speaking of which, I will be doing a lot of comparisons to the previous season as this third one picks up exactly where we left off.. . This third season takes place at a swordsmith village, believe it or not, and focuses on the two main characters, Tanjiro and Nezuko, as well as two Hashira, Kanroji Mitsuri and Tokito Muichiro. Unlike ...
This is a tough one. Ranking of Kings itself is one of my favorite anime of all time; but it was noticeable from the first episode that this was not the same. It jumps from side character to side character, and plotline to plotline, rarely ever giving the viewer anything relevant to what made the first season special. There were a few genuinely great episodes thrown in here that continued the plot or supplied important context, but there was a large amount of pointless filler, as well. I almost dropped this at one point.. . A better idea than making this a full pseudo-season would have been ...
It's another stereotypical isekai anime, where the protagonist is over powered and everyone loves him. The anime in itself is not bad, its mostly just a comfort anime that can be relaxing to watch when you just need something. The characters are fine, same with plot and animation, but nothing feels really new or innovative.. . The best part of this anime is that it's a feel good anime. It easily sets a mild and happy atmosphere, which in itself can be nice if that is what you are looking for.. . Drawback for the anime is that everything in it has been seen before, and also been executed ...
Tensei Kizoku, I expected less from a generic isekai of this season. The plot, as may you expect are very generic and simple. Basically, the whole premise goes like this; Cain did OP thing, everyone is surprised, the girls simp for him, he gets scolded by the king, repeat. Honestly? I felt sorry for him being reincarnated in such environment lol. Its true that the pacing in this Anime is kinda weird everything seems in the rapid phase like you move from one scene to another very fast.. . One thing that I want to point out about this Anime, than any other trashy isekai this season, ...
Editing my review after now seeing the final episode on Jul 2nd.. . The ending: Extremely disappointing and I am listing my reasons for changing my review:. . Overall Story Direction from Season 01-Season 02:. Let me start off by saying, everything I said below still stands. This is my first major introduction to a main Gundam anime. Even though my true introduction was Infinite Ryvius. Infinite Ryvius made me fall in love with Mecha Anime back in the early 2000s. Which is also a semi-school type of show. The show focuses on a brother dynamic that is not close, emotional, and often affects the both characters in ...
Demon slayer is a series with goods and bads that balance each other... at least before this season. The swordsmith village arc is the latest season in demon slayer, but sadly it has been quite disappointing. Don't worry, I am well aware that this is widely considered to be the weakest arc in the whole series, and that the other seasons are still really enjoyable. To me, demon slayer is a show with many flaws that are covered up perfectly with its magnificent animation, which very few shows are able to replicate. However, this season is where its flaws start to show up even more ...
Demon Slayer has a problem.. . I want to preface this first by saying that I do like Demon Slayer. I think it’s a fun series with great, choreographed action, likeable characters for the most part and fantastic animation, regardless what people say about the CG. It is a fun series to watch that I do look forward to each week. It does do things right to make up for its shortcomings. The problem is that those shortcomings are starting to become more and more noticeable as we get more seasons/movies. This season in particular has made it reach a point where it’s becoming near impossible to ...
Let's do this one last time.... . My name is Demon Slayer. I'm one of the most hyped anime of all time but today, I've become most overhyped mess.. First off, I've no complaints regarding animation. This is demon slayer, alright. I watch this show only for that sakuga however small and I bet a 1000 that 90% people are the same. Also, I have some respect for the staff because they're really working with a poor story. So there's that. On to the opinions!. . Season 1; no upper rank demon. Had a hype moment.. Season 2; one upper rank demon and a Hashira. Had a flashy hype moment that ...
While Tanjiro keeps giving every demon PTSD we can sit back and enjoy PDST (Peak-Demon-Slayer-Theatre). . Unfortunately however, we’ve come to a point when we got a “weak season” of Demon Slayer.. . Let me start by saying that Demon Slayer is like family for me. The story of siblinghood between Nezuko and Tanjiro is something that makes this series absolutely heartwarming and just wonderful in my eyes. Just as all the characters backstories and their development is splendid to watch. It’s not a secret that this series isn’t mastermind deep. Even though it uses cliched traits, it has amazing little details just as its historical aspects ...
Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba's Swordsmith Village Arc continues the tale of Tanjiro Kamado as they delve deeper into the world of demon slaying. This arc takes a slight detour from the intense battles against the Twelve Kizuki and focuses more on the characters' personal growth and the exploration of a unique setting.. . The character development in this arc is notable. Tanjiro and the others face various challenges and confront their own weaknesses, leading to some heartfelt and emotionally resonant moments. It's gratifying to see the characters evolve and grow stronger, both physically and mentally, as they prepare for the battles ahead. Although I must say ...
Sigh, I wanted to like this show, I really did. It’s got some fun moments, but I believe it’s an inherently flawed concept and was doomed to fail from the start. One of the few isekai you’ll see me labelling as generic and skippable .. . The main issue with Tensei Kizoku is that there’s absolutely zero stakes or reason to get invested into this show other than liking silk or the other girls’ designs. There’s not even the fanservice that most seasonal isekai would have to draw viewers in. It’s just a bland and uninspired power fantasy in which the MC is literally born at God ...
I understand that this is a Shounen anime, which are notoriously bad at pacing (fights that last for ten episodes, for instance), but you’d think for such a short season, this wouldn’t have felt like such a slog to get through. Full disclosure, I’m not a Demon Slayer super fan, so maybe this one’s on me, but I wanted to feel like there was more forward progress in this season than simply having a few beats with the antagonist and spending the rest of the time battling yet another demon that seems simultaneously too hard and too easy to beat. At the end of the ...
Demon Slayer Kimetsu no Yaiba Swordsmith Village Arc is probably high up on a lot of people's watchlist this year and for good reasons. The franchise has amassed an enormous fanbase. Helmed by one of the most famed animation studios today, there's no short in terms of expectations for this season. At least that's what it looked like from the surface because prepare yourself, those expectations aren't what truly holds up this season.. . Coming straight from the previous seasons, Swordsmith Village Arc immediately features a host of characters ranging from the main cast, the Upper Rank demons, and among characters that we may or may not ...
Midslayer review time!. Demon slayer is as always, all style over substance, extremely repetitive and boring , monster of the day madness with pretty animation and a frankly undeserved music score…... . I still feel all things considered Demon slayer season 3 is actually a very huge improvement over the previous season in all honesty.. . Last season was such a slogfest , each episode we got hit with the “HAHA you thought you got me ? this aint even my FINAL FORM” and it dragged on and on for eternity , Sure the animation is jaw dropping , but you don't sit around for a show that is basically ...
Anime seasons as of late have been filled with a hopeless amount of formulaic productions. Season after season of inundating slice of lifes, reincarnation fantasies, and morally binary superhero fighting shows that all seem ostensibly different. Not to say they’re individually bad, in fact, I’ve enjoyed a fair share of them. But it’s important to remember that anime is a storytelling medium. You shouldn’t have to go into a season expecting most of the shows to fit into one of those three categories. And sadly, long were the days of Death Note and Code Geass where we had characters who were manically supercilious and selfish ...
The show in a TL;DR format: great manga, not so great, or shall I say: an even subpar adaptation.. . I don't blame you if you don't know who mangaka Naoki Yamakawa is: his first anime adaptation in the form of 100-man no Inochi no Ue ni Ore wa Tatteiru a.k.a I'm Standing on a Million Lives, studio Maho Film's adaptation of its 2 seasons back in Fall 2020 and Summer 2021, just does not do the source material enough justice. And at the time of his next forthcoming towards this Spring season, I foretold that if the next adaptation of his much more successful work in ...
The mystery/crime thriller genre is a difficult genre to create a masterpiece in. A tight-knit story with a high level of suspense, while keeping the contrivances and convolutions low is most definitely a tough task, and even more of a tough task to satisfy all viewers. “My Home Hero” has its fair share of suspense to keep you on the edge of your seat at times, but unfortunately, it had a very low budget to work with, making the important moments not hit as hard as they should be. However, it still did a good job at making some of the characters feel realistic to ...
An interesting film, it's one of those movies you watch during your spare time. Each part of the film has its set of music to it and I love the way it looks like it was drawn frame by frame just like past films. (But I could be wrong.) I found it pretty unique that when the same character shows again and again, they have the same animation, and they colors they use with each frame is bright and catches your eye. If you have some time on your hands or you're bored, give this film a try! Though I did give it a five ...
Loved the anime, but I have one problem.. . Ruby, one of the main characters of this series, is getting barely any screen time, even less than the side characters such as Kana Arima and Akane Kurokawa. She needs more time on screen in the series, and because she has made the 2nd generation of B Komachi, her idol group should play a very big role in the anime. They should add more information and more screen time for the idol group.. . Overall, I think this anime was alright, but not yet to my expectations. The message on the dark side of the idol industry was well ...
(This review contains spoilers!!!). A film without any ideas of its own. . The first movie of One Piece has no fresh story. It sort of takes the prologue story of One Piece ("Wealth, Power and Glory...." We all know it) and just rewrites it a little. There was once a pirate named Woonan who was called - surprise - Gold Pirate. He stole stolen gold from pirates together and eventually had a huge treasure. Then he hid it on an island. To find this treasure, there is a treasure map, which coincidentally reminds us of the Road Porneglyphs. There is also a little boy named Tobio whose ...
Easily one of the best reverse-isekais I've seen. That said, the bar is quite low for isekais.. . The story is very interesting and the plot goes forward, which in these is not a given. What you get in the trailer is not what you get in the series.. I'm not sure do I like the mismatch of fantasy and thriller/detective genres but at least it's something I haven't seen recently.. . Characters are very stereotypically and painfully anime characters (wow, what a surprise). To me, it takes me a bit out of it. We have seen these characters many times in many different shows, which to ...
I didn’t know much about this anime when I first wanted to watch but I was not expecting it to be a sports one. It’s more of a combination of sports x action x futuristic tech, and I’m not entirely sure how I feel about it. I thought that the main storyline was mediocre at best and was annoyed how the most interesting character was only in 3 episodes, and there’s the overused trope of a “group of guys + 1 girl” which I find a little sad. Also, it can get unnecessarily violent at times which I didn’t expect and kind ...
Have you ever watched a movie that when it ends, provoque you to think "OH MY F*CKING GOD.....WHAT THE F*CK DID I JUST WATCH" ?. Well, if you haven't, watch Paprika and try to not thinking it.. Man, i am the guy who put in my favorite anime Death Leaves and score with a 9 mind game, a literally acid psychodelic trip made movie and her i am, saying that paprika is such a weird movie with a storytelling level house of leaves that shocked me more than the two other movies together.. The least i can say, probably you'll need to watch it two or three times, ...
The stories of Sherlock Holmes' and John Watson's adventures have been adapted to all types of media all over the world. In Moriarty the Patriot, Sherlock's legendary foe takes the protagonist spotlight with a revolutionary agenda behind his crimes.. . Unlike most adaptations of the works of Sir Conan Doyle, this series takes the unorthodox approach of making Sherlock a side character appearing late in the story. The protagonist Moriarty, known in this adaptation as William James Moriarty, was an orphan whom alongside his younger brother Louis managed to get adopted into the affluent Moriarty family by winning the graces of the young heir Albert. William, ...
When I read the bio of this anime I thought it would be a good anime but after watching it feels totally irritating... . Everything is second time and he becomes overpowered the moment he landed on this world again. No hardwork no plot just one shot killing everyone and not even a single scratch on his body... . The summoners tell heroes to save them but not a single good antagonist is here, so the author made the second hero villain... . The hero is shit. The side characters are shit. The plot is really cringe. ...
"Communication is a skill you can learn. It's like riding a bike or typing. If you're willing to work at it, you can quickly improve the quality of every part of your life.". . I want to make it clear that this season brought a huge improvement to the show, it stopped being a little comedy without salt and showed moments that were cool to see with significant scenes, which will not happen in the previous season.. . -- !!!MAYBE THERE WILL BE SPOILERS!!! --. . Story: No meaningful story progression. The main characters still have their goals of making Shouko have 100 friends. What changes and the events that happen ...
Not worth watching. There is something that really bothers me about reincarnation stories and which this show unfortunately exemplifies. This type of anime gives off a strange after taste, thriving on three off-putting elements. It is a strange mix of ideas / attitudes: wish fulfillment, arrogance and exploitation. Why is that? The appeal of the show, and of this type of show in general, is in thinking that you can throw all your worries away and live a happy life through the miracle of rebirth. No more concerns about aging, obligations or purpose! You get a do over in life and can think of all ...
Whether or not it was canon, it was nonetheless impressive to watch. However, I watch far too many television series and films where the antagonists seek to end the world or establish a just society. In that sense, it was monotonous, but in terms of animation, it had obviously improved, despite some dubious moments. Without a doubt or rivalry, Mereoleona's fight remained the best . For some reason, it kept me lit in my room.. . . I found the music to be somewhat forgettable. One doesn't really need to watch this movie to be catch up, in my opinion, It felt a little like filler.
SEIZURE WARNING. . This Anime, for the major fight scenes, is computer generated by placing a 2D art style onto a 3D frame which in turn runs the risk of animation that could cause seizures. This is also a process not everyone is fond of the end product of.. . And that's the main reason for the mixed feelings when it comes to recommending this particular Anime and the reason for writing the review. Had this not been a factor, the seizure warning review would lean more towards recommended. On the surface, this particular Anime may appear to be a harem series. Still, in this particular case, the show ...
Akira Akira!!! Leave me aloneeee!! Aaaahhh!! / out of 10. . Felt like I was on acid. Definitely a spectacle with beautiful fluid animation that holds up even by today's standards... but what an acid trip of a story. The pacing was also pretty good, with every scene feeling like a railgun shooter with no filler... but I guess ultimately we can say that like a railgun shooter, it's hard to really pick up on the story or the motifs or the metaphors that would make us stop to think and reflect. Go into this expecting an action movie basically.. The voice acting was cheesy but ...
This show, like the title did say was quite ~yabai~ in the first few episodes but trust me it does develop fairly well in the later episodes.. . I thought this was just gonna be a chunni freak show with weird fanservice which it manages to fit in quite a good amount of, the boisterous and ultra well endowed little giant of girl yamada anna , (who we are somehow supposed to believe) is a middle school student and a model is alarmingly unaware of her antics of overeating and accidental fanservicing which are fueled by the chunni and Perverted delusions of our main lead ichikawa who ...
Rating: 3.5/5 stars. . "Black Clover: Sword of the Wizard King" is an anime movie that will undoubtedly captivate fans of the original Black Clover series. With its stunning animation and familiar characters, it successfully delivers an engaging visual experience. However, while the movie has its merits, it falls short when it comes to the depth of its plot, drawing some unavoidable comparisons to "My Hero Academia.". . The animation quality in "Black Clover: Sword of the Wizard King" is unquestionably impressive. Every frame is meticulously crafted, with vibrant colors, fluid action sequences, and detailed character designs. The visual appeal enhances the overall experience, allowing viewers to immerse themselves ...
The first Person 3 film does many good things, but it's primarily held back by a major weakness: the source material itself. Despite its reputation as a video game, Persona 3 in terms of writing quality is not at all what one should call good, even if what makes an overall enjoyable game experience for fans inspires them to look at the story and characters with rose-tinted glasses.. Fortunately, the film does what it can to make common sense improvments. The most noteworthy is giving the main character, Makoto, a firmly defined personality, which comes hand in hand with foreshadowing for his significance in the plot ...
I went in with this with an open mind. Really, I did. Kawaii dake ja Nai Shikimori-san can be summed as such: forced. Yes, forced is the right word to describe this series. Now, I'll explain why that is the word I used.. . Kawaii dake ja Nai Shikimori-san is series with a premise of there being an "ultimate waifu" similar to My Dress Up Darling, only this time the main heroine (Shikimori) is not an otaku, but an athletic prodigy. Here in lies the flaw. You see, Shikimori is really good at just about anything physically demanding---in particular, sports related stuff. The problem is that nothing ...
As season 1 this is an average harem isekai... there is no need to hate it like there is no reason to fully like it. It's just about a feel good story where everything goes easy for the MC and that's the point, the show never try to fool you in a fake meaningfull story with deep stakes and that's fair. A very good anime would have it and a bad anime would try to make you believe there is it despite it's not the case, here you just have to watch and enjoy if it's the kind of stuff you like.. As i said ...
May contain spoilers, You have been warned.. . Shikimori's Not Just a Cutie is about a beautiful girl dating a normal what can be considered a "background character," they have no special skills at all This anime is also generic in the fact that the reason they are together is because of the main characters' "kindness". This anime reminds me of something along the lines of Kubo Won't Let me be Invisible or Nisekoi as they share the theme of a beautiful girl dating this bland generic kid. The story mainly revolves around a "I was born with bad luck but I have my girlfriend to save ...
Mirai Nikki is a psychological thriller that combines elements of action, mystery, and romance. The story follows the struggles of a reclusive high school student named Yukiteru Amano after he obtains a Future Diary that can predict upcoming events.. . . interesting plot offers a plot full of intrigue and surprises. The story involves a psychological battle between diary keepers who have the power to see the future. These plots are often intense and present unexpected surprises, it makes it even more exciting.. . mirai nikki manages to create a tense and gripping atmosphere. The violent action, emotional suspense and psychological horror elements make for an intense experience.. . This anime has ...
Honestly it was meh at best. The animation was good, there was just a lot lacking I found when it came to other stuff. The main villains don’t have a clear backstory, which is made even more obvious when the big bad guy’s story is given to the viewer at the very end in a piece of small dialogue. The villain with the most known backstory still somehow has less revealed in the movie then a random substitute teacher I had once 5 years ago. Also may I just add that for a movie that has itself listed as a comedy on MAL, there is ...
Eh, it was OK.. . I did find the high quality, 144 FPS (had to change my monitor refresh rate from 120 to 144 Hz) visuals to be.. interesting. Honestly, didn't see the point, since it looked like a low quality JRPG with 3D visuals than a anime show, but whatever, not a big deal.. . The issue is with the whole premise, and the fact that after episode 170 of the series, like thousand years ago, they released a movie that doesn't reference the series and is disjointed completely to the point that it makes no sense watching it after the series ended (at-least after EP170).. . Characters are pre-170, ...
Eu odiei cada um dos segundos que passei diante da tela me martirizando a assistir isso. No fim, talvez eu tenha um pequeno complexo igual ao do personagem principal em gostar de ser maltratado. Sendo honesto eu apenas me submeti a assistir esse anime porque tomei como hábito colocar alguns animes enquanto limpo minha casa. Costumo justamente procurar animes que não exigem foco 100% do tempo e geralmente esse tipo de slice of life fofinho é uma boa pedida, funciona como botar uma novela na TV e deixar rolar. Além do mais, o esforço em odiar cada cena fez o tempo e as atividades passarem ...
Before getting started on this review, do want to state that I am conscious of the fact Trigun Stampede is meant as a reimagining of Yasuhiro Nightow’s well-regarded manga series. This take on Trigun is a more darker and serious affair with the remnants of humanity surviving on the arid planet of No Man’s Land with beings of enormous energy called plants serving as the primary power source for human cities throughout the planet. Vash attempts to establish peaceful coexistence between plants and humans while avoiding bounty hunters pursuing him for the large bounty on his head and the schemes of his brother, Knives, to ...
The first 12 episodes were pretty hype, but then the side characters got more screen time. Usually I like learning about characters other than the lead, but by god are the side characters in Blue Lock so damn annoying. One's a co-dependent weirdo who's more focused on revenge than anything else, one's a self-absorbed jerkoff, one's the silent but deadly type who only talks about one thing... This would be fine if these traits weren't their entire personalities. The only well-rounded character in this anime is the main guy, but sometimes it feels like he's so unremarkable that the only reason he's gotten this far ...
Senki Zesshou Symphogear is an original anime by Satelight and Encourage. Which, honestly, does not inspire that much confidence. Out of the four Satelight anime I've reviewed, the best has been Heat Guy J which was just okay. As for Encourage, the only thing I've seen from them was Zetsumetsu Kigu Shoujo: Amazing Twins. Which was better than any of Satelight's offerings, but not by much. But maybe this will be the best thing I've seen from Satelight.. . Story:. . We open with a concert by the duo Zwei Wing being attacked by monsters called "Noise." They work their way through the crowd disintegrating anyone they ...
Angolmois is a pretty typical historical action series, and while it does some things well, it really struggles to stand out from the crowd. Beginning with the story, it is this show's strongest aspect, though that's not necessarily high praise. The viewer is presented with a fictionalized account of the Mongol invasion of Japan in 1271, focusing specifically on the isle of Tsushima, and the struggle that a group of former prisoners go through in order to resist them and grow not only as warriors, but people. Beginning with the good, the battle strategy is interesting, the setting is cool, the dialogue is fairly well-written, ...
I think the Movie was okay, the animation was really good LIKE amazing, however a massive issue which I had was IT was waaaaaay to fast paced, the pacing is absoutely fucked. I can understand why the fight scenes might be. But there was no room for a breather. Constant battles, and there wasn't a moment where there wasn't a subtitle for a massive piece of information for the plot and if you were to miss that, for the next couple scenes you can find yourself very confused. Some of the time i was clueless even though i stayed watching the whole time, and i ...
This show was a roller coaster for me, and I personally did not enjoy the series that much. Ultimately, Sakurasou no Pet na Kanojo is a drama, a romance, and a comedy. As a comedy, it's average. It wasn't all that funny but it did have its moments. As a drama, I think it felt forced and the characters are inconsistent. Overall, the drama isn't terrible either. Where it fell apart is the romance, it is written terribly and luckily the anime stays away from the glaring issue in the LN within its adaptation. The reason why I recommend the show is that it is ...
An admittedly strong advertisement for the games it's based on, 'Deemo: Memorial Keys' struggles to stand on its own as a film.. . The issue is really the story, which to me seems like it would definitely be enough to stitch together a game that's primarily focused on its gameplay, which is a sensible call for a rhythm game. It's just that this isn't a game, and removing that aspect of direct interaction that separates the music from the story means the story's somewhat thin nature sticks out in a way that would almost be desirable in a game. It's not that it's not there, there ...
First let's discuss about the VFX and SFX. They are perfectly good and smooth there is not even a single reason for us to blindfold the facts. This movie did a great effort in them. But if we come to the point that it lacks so many other things that needs the most.. We anime fans really were waiting for this movie since 2 years. And if the question comes that "DID THIS MOVIE SATISFIES YOU?", Hell no.. Asta keep on shouting, he keep shout good words like he is the most conscious person in the world. It's so irritating to listen the same words form the ...
“Lonely Castle in the Mirror” is what happens when You have a pretty nice idea with a twist and absolutely butcher the drama in it.. . At first glance You might think we will follow seven different characters on their journeys. That’s a negative. We see the plot and follow mostly one of them, our MC - Kokoro Anzai. One day, while avoiding school she is transported through the mirror into a castle in the middle of nowhere. There she meets six more young teenagers and a mysterious girl, clothed in a red dress and a wolf’s mask.. They are given a challenge: Enter the room that ...
As one of the few who enjoyed the series and actually rewatched it for a second time , I really enjoyed this and I think I liked it more than the series, it still had its issues and I’m still annoyed at how you are left with many questions at the end, like how they still don’t let us know if Izumi already met Ikuto in the past and just lots of other little bits of information that would just fill in gap’s here and there. So is it perfect no but it’s not bad either and I enjoyed it and would tune ...
Issues from season 1 are pretty much the same. More pointless depth is given to side characters, but on the other hand main characters feel a little less superficial in their depth given we have actually been properly introduced to them now. The op and ed are slightly better than season 1. Otherwise in all other regards season 2 retains the same issues and promise as season 1. Season 2 holds up well to the expectations season 1 set, not that they were particularly high. The soundtrack is a big reason this anime is as enjoyabe as it is, but I don't really thing it's ...
Animation is average at best. Charcters are frequently sloppily drawn, there's zero flash and the action scenes are meh. Some problems are due to using computers to draw characters layer by layer. The problem is that eyes are on the layer above blushing at times, since the eyes had yet to be added the blushing is quite in the correct place and is underneath(in back of) the eyes. However, backgrounds are fairly decent and occasionally still frames look nice. Characters have depth, but the mellow dramatic nature of it makes it feel somewhat superficial. However, characters are given a nice amount of individual focus. Side ...
The overall quality of this movie is INSANE. The animation team did a good job and also the CGI is not bad. The art too is so nice.. The Intro starting is great however, it fall off really quickly in the mid part till the end. It started to feel goofy.. Don't get me wrong, the only thing that is great about this movie is the art and the animation. Onto the VA part, it's good but i expect more.. The story is typical Shonen and just straight up to the point.. Fighting scene is great.. If you just wanna turn off your brain and enjoy action scene, yeah ...
I don't know if it's just because I develop my maturity as I age but the whole point behind Asta's motivation and aspiration to be the Wizard King makes no sense. Asta's desiree for the kingdom to reach a state of equality wherein people would look at each other without prejudices and he is gonna do so by proving to anyone that even as a plebian with little magical powers or in his case (no magic at all) can be the strongest magic knight with excessive grit to work on it. When he is a one-in-a-million case to his world where he does not have ...
I don't write reviews but I felt compelled this time. As a fan of the anime and manga , I feel underwhelmed. The animation was a significant improvement from the anime and......that's it! The music and sound are nothing to write home about. The movie starts with a battle and ends with one. The battles are the movie's plot and the movie's plot is its battles. Even a parody anime like One Punch Man has a deeper and more complicated plot. All 4 of the villains have the same motivation, goals and pretty much the same backstory. There is no depth to them. Coming ...
“Raven of the Inner Palace” is what happens when You have a really cliche premise and yet are able to make it rather enjoyable to watch.. . We follow Liu Shouxue - a sixteen year old girl with a very unique set of skills and status. She is the “Raven consort” despite not doing a lot of consorting… or it would seem but the word has a different meaning that is more fitting. The reason she was chosen for the role is basically a really twisted turn of fate. Nonetheless she is shackled to her position and duty. Despite the fact that she was trained to live ...
It's umm i was TOTALLY confused even at the end of this anime .. It only consists of 2 episodes but it was SO CONFUSING.. I clicked onto it by a TOTAL accident the English dub voice is So Funny !. BUT the plot 💀 made me laugh till i had tears in my eyes !. I've got mixed feeling about this but it's a good anime to watch if bored at least i think?. It was SO unpredictable , the character design is pretty average , but in the end i had SO MANY questions about this !!!. I would've loved if this was continued !. It doesn't have ...
A feast for the eyes, that reminds me of the old Dragonball movies that just throw fight after fight at you, but leaves you knowing that it was all a bit pointless since none of it makes any sense next to the canon series. It is more or less exactly what you should be expecting of a Black Clover non-canon anime movie.. . It's definitely a spectacle of high production Black Clover which is awesome to see since Black Clover has a great and colorful art style that was just begging for this kind of movie treatment, and the movie doesn't slack off in giving you almost ...
One of the highlights of the film was the impressive visual effects and animation. The battle scenes were dynamic, and the depiction of magical powers was visually captivating.. . The character development was also strong in the film. The determination and resolve shown by the main character, Asta, made him more likable and intriguing. Similarly, the side characters had their own stories and interesting magical abilities, adding depth to the overall experience.. . However, I felt that the storytelling in the film lacked in certain aspects. It could have benefited from more depth and detail to ensure a smoother progression of events. Additionally, providing further explanation for the motivations ...
If you want to see if you will like Kakegurui, watch kakegurui twin! It is honestly a good prequel and shows what the show will be like, but is even better. It is also shorter, so if you don't want to commit to double the episodes, this is a good option.. . Story - 6. There is more of a story to this than Kakegurui. In Kakegurui, Yumeko basically just goes from person to person gambling with them. But in Twin, Mary has more of a reason to gamble, and we see her develop a bit. We see her character do things other than gamble, which is ...
As a fan of the first two seasons of Dr. Stone, this one was pretty disappointing. This season really glossed over the science, focusing instead on adventure, manipulation, mystery, characters, and action. But the science is really what makes this show special at all. What's left is a mid shonen. Although Dr. Stone was never very realistic in terms of how much effort things take, in the first season it still required a certain amount of determination to build the things based on the science. But in this part, Senku just pretty much throws things together by magic, and my bullshit tolerance has reached its ...
A show carried by its main characters and the fun conceit - what if your best friend was the cutest girl in the world? It's a little awkward at times but is mostly very charming, especially due to the acting of the two main characters (I watched in English). Fun fact, Tachibana is voiced by a romantic couple which I think has only happened before in Pop Team Epic. It's a fun friendship/romance/???? angle that you don't see much in standard anime!. . This is only my second Isekai and it is not a genre I care about typically - that is still the case here. The ...
Cheap sentimentality. The story is inspired by events that happen in real life, but let's face it: The prota is a complete asshole in every way. He is constructed not to be a person with whom you see evolution and regret, but just as a jerk who has no personality either at the beginning or at the end of the film.. . There isn't much to say about the character either, she plays her role as a person with a disability, poor thing and such. But nothing more than that. The atmosphere that the anime goes through, the animation, save a lot I can say. But the ...
In my opinion they very much chose the wrong ending and tried to puff it up as much as possible to make it the "good" ending. The manga is mostly the same and (at least English translation) goes up to the same point as episode 9. I noticed that the explanation for spirits is slightly different in the manga and I'm not sure why they did it like that (i.e. they were explained more inert in the manga).. . But yeah, after episode 9 it's just not as good and, in my not so humble opinion, tries to force drama and tough choices that are just not ...
"Akuyaku Reijou nanode Last Boss wo Kattemimashita" is a 2022 Issekai romance from Maho Film.. The plot is quite simple: the protagonist, as a classic Issekai scenario is supposed to be, finds herself in the world of a video game, where she finds herself in the role of a villain whose destiny is death. The task is clear: to change the plot of the game by defeating the final boss...with her love. Romance, though.. . The series itself is divided into three arcs, in each of which the story changes, the characters remain the same (except that new ones appear). In my opinion, the first and ...
Dr Stone's new world was quite the ride the plot does develop quite significantly , Personally I was a bit let down by the fact that most of science stuff was given a back seat for the more economical like the currency and petrochemical search and fantastical elements like trying to find mister X and the true secret behind petrification.The science was of course still present however most of it is glossed over or made oversimplified with a huge infodump that the show creators make it seem like “We won't understand” so they make Senku go all saiki kusou TLDR with his explanation while the ...
If you like shonen, then you'll like this show as well as this season. The finale episode of season 4 ties things together, furthers the plot, and momentarily makes you forget that you probably hit fast forward though 15-18 minutes of each of the last 5-ish episodes.. . Of roughly 274 minutes of content this season, more than 90 minutes or 30%+ is used to try to make you emotional, 50% is fight scenes, 10% is recap or reused scenes, and about 10% furthers the story and plot.. . As good as the final episode is, it really can't make up for all of the missed opportunity ...
Bartender is a fine example of a show which is driven by its premise and nothing else to back it up.. *lifts bottle*. . As long as you fancy the basic formula of how each episode plays out, you will get one hell of a series. If on the other hand you expect something more… mainstream should I say? With action, plot, plot twists, development, and a powerful ending, then DON’T EVEN BOTHER!. *bottoms up*. . The story is quite the simple one. There is this fancy bar where people go and tell their life’s problem to the barman. The barman listens to them and after a cool metaphor regarding different ...
The story is martial arts driven but everything gets haywire. First few episodes starts slow but will eventually get good. But by the end you will be asking yourself what just happened, everyone is now overpowered. Comparing to the source material, the story in anime is definitely rushed. Some scenes were changed to be more logical but certain omitted scenarios removes the character growth, significance & relations for the future adaptation (if it ever happens.) Animation wise, the fighting scenes were very good but all the characters nose & ears has red highlights which is a bit off-putting. Overall if you like over the top ...
I only recommend it if it gets a season 2 which it probably won’t and same for a reboot it would have been a 10/10 but the ending is the worst. I think some will like it all the up until episodes 11,12 where it just gets depressing fro no reason they reply could have done a much better job I men the story was already written pretty good but of course they have to go off script and ruin it. It is one of the most unique romances haven seen one like it. The animation was pretty good. The characters were a mess that ...
So my experience with Nichijou was pretty lukewarm in general, so here's to a lukewarm review. In as few words as possible, I would describe it as "a mediocre comedy with incredibly high production value and some golden moments interspersed between otherwise tryhard and sometimes tedious jokes".. . As this is a comedy series, the jokes and comedic timing and such are criteria by which to judge its quality. Well, on that front the thing kinda flops for me, at least. Most of the scenes are far too drawn out and rarely feature a satisfying punchline, but you mileage may vary. Nichijou does try an interesting approach ...
I wouldn’t say this was bad necessarily but I’m pretty shocked it’s rated so highly. I think there’s two kind of ways a story can be good. It can be good like a marvel movie or it can be good as a real piece of art (I don’t have an example because that’s different for everybody). If you've seen Tokyo Revengers this show is nearly identical. Except where Tokyo Revengers doesn’t try to be anything more than the anime equivalent of a good Marvel movie, Erased wants you to think it’s something more mature than that. I think Erased is fine as a good single ...
One of the defining features that molded anime as a medium used to be the raw depictions of violence and death. Unlike western cartoons which were seen as comedy skits or family-friendly adventures, anime could depict a lot more edgy material without restrictions. Even there, though there were still some topics the animators were having a hard time dealing with. Up until this movie the effects of the Hiroshima bombing on the people of Japan was a sort of taboo nobody was allowed to speak about openly because it was causing them big grief, plus the country was trying to recover from WW2 for a ...
This is a show I cannot say is bad at all, but I cannot say it is a amazing anime.. The main issue seems to be the content is entirely based around 8 episodes throughout the entire show, with 4 of the episodes being misused as bloatware basically, which could've really made the show even better, but much of it lacks reasoning, and much more so the tropes are all evidently blatant in the synopsis.. . This really is one of those shows that just needed a little more effort on the side of the directors/writers, to be made a show constantly brought up on the ...
Kyoukai no Kanata is an anime that wins viewers over right from the start with its visually stunning and stunning animation. The studio responsible for the work deserves all the recognition for the care and attention to detail, delivering a visually pleasing and captivating aesthetic. However, it is important to point out that aesthetic beauty is not always enough to make an anime memorable and successful. Unfortunately, Kyoukai no Kanata falls short in other important respects.. . The narrative has gaps and lack of explanation, leaving the viewer lost amid poorly developed plot twists and poorly explored characters. Another negative point is the lack of proper development ...
Yeah, I don’t know about this season, friends. I love this series, I really do, but something about this season didn’t hit. Part of the issue was just that it felt so repetitive, despite the fact that we are getting to see new places and concepts with this season. But, instead of this season taking on a bit more of a serious—or, at least, more intense—tone, it remained silly. That kind of made it difficult for me to care about everything that these characters were discovering this season, including clues to do with how they ended up in this world in the first place. I ...
English.. A soccer series that wants to give the genre a breath of fresh air and succeeds, but in its wake it also makes many mistakes, this is a much more interesting series than I imagined I thought it would be like the rest of the series in the genre of sports but it gives it an air like a series of fights that I loved, it's simple in the idea that they give us, Japan is a country that wants to have a striker but they can't find him, so they make a program to find him and so It is the main plot here, ...
With all this death and destruction it is amazing that Tokyo is still there in story and it seems to be always rebuilding damage. It looks like author gave up on common sense somewhere at season one. Anyway, with dimension jumping and time travel everything goes.. . Story focus switched on nebulous pillars, links and other made up stuff that for some reason are considered important. Relatability to the story is nonexistent when all MC is doing is scream about how he is a hero and fight. All his enemies look like psychos with wide range of psychological derangements. If you consider how pretty much all ...
I am not sure how to feel only eight episodes in. I do like the main character for one, not entirely a lot but she has a strong sense of nature to be great if with proper characters and more context. Though, so far it has its questionable writing and stories at points. I am so far giving this small review for the time being. Of course, with PA Works being involved the animation is beautiful as a whole and you are dealing with somewhat of a realistic story. I am still finding the middle ground, some of the characters feel just there at points. ...
for a show naming itself 'progressive' after the rock genre of the same name, this show does shockingly little to progress the format of flcl past what it was in its original run. in fact, them even introducing a formula at ALL is a fundamental misunderstanding of flcl as a whole.. . in japan it was even called flcl 2, but to reiterate i feel like they don't understand that the concept of not really having a story structure is what flcl is about. it just ends up feeling generic whenever the new characters (minus jinyu) are on screen and even the mecha fights felt uninteresting/uninspired at ...
If you go into this show expecting a serious action anime, you’re going to be disappointed because that’s not what this is. The Marginal Service is an unserious, campy satire of Western movie tropes and it does a perfectly adequate job of it.. . The art and animation aren’t bad. It’s not going to be the best animation you’ve ever seen, but it’s good enough for what the show has to offer. The characters are not novel or unique and they’re pretty much all stereotypes, but that fits in with exactly what the show is going for. It’s got equal opportunity fan service, so everyone’s covered. ...
I started watching Boruto when it first aired back in 2017 but slowly lost interest as the show progressed, but I heard that it had recently ended and that gave me the motivation to start it again. So, the beginning arcs of the anime (Academy Entrance, Sarada Uchiha, School Trip, Graduation Exams, Genin Mission, and Byakuya Gang) [eps 1-50] didn’t really have much going on besides some world-building, plot outlines, character introductions, and explaining old plots from the previous Naruto and Naruto Shippuden anime, and so they were a bit boring to watch and slowly became predictable. On the other hand, the middle ...
[This review is spoiler free!] TL;DR: Mars Red tries to fit a lot of story into 13 episodes--however, they often spend too long on irrelevant bits and sped past the interesting stuff. The main four characters really make this show for me. It's a good show to watch with low expectations but it's not complete brain rot either.. . Mars Red has an interesting way with its story-telling. In the beginning, a lot of the character's dialogue comes from screenplays of different literature--which is interesting, but is completely lost on someone on the average viewer (aka me). Mars Red's greatest weakness is their story; the pacing felt ...
I wanna say this anime is pretty ok, nothing spectacular but nothing really bad either. I was wondering how this anime wasn’t so popular when it was airing and how it just slipped under the radar for most people’s watchlist. It’s one of those anime’s where it got hyped for a few months, but later on it became forgotten. The story being set up as a war between humans and vampires, the two main characters introduced in a way that’s very stereotypical, and a little plot twist at the end that I wasn’t the expecting. Overall, I only liked 3 characters in the show. Most ...
Disappointing sequel are the only words i can use to describe this. . There is a difference between being episodic and being disconected, and unfortunately this season falls in the latter. It is oversaturated with flashback scenes that happen abbruptly with little to nothing coherant leading into them, this makes it hard to follow the various time jumps leaving the audience questioning what is the chain of events. . Pace ranges from overly dragged out info dumping to choppy a million different scenes per second with barely any inbetween, it does slightly inprove by the second half of the series, but by then the time that should've been used to ...
If I had to describe this anime in one word, it would be "inoffensive".. . It adds little to none new or exciting dishes on the CGDCT table. Not necessarily a bad thing, just don't expect to be blown away by... anything at all. The animation is full CG of the bad kind and probably the worst thing about this anime. Everything else is pretty average, we even get the foundations of a story but there just isn't enough time to expand upon it. The shorter run (7 plot episodes) might actually work in the series' favor as it might've been too stale if it was longer. ...
I don't normally watch anime like this. I really enjoyed the idea of making a village from nothing, farming, and making friends (both with people and pets). I did not know that this was supposedly a harem anime (it feels very weird to say those words, please correct me if it isn't the right way to phrase it) until I read the comments on some episodes, as it is not listed in the tags or explicitly said throughout the show. I am not really a fan of those kinds of stories, but if you ignore those elements, it's fun to watch the town grow! The ...
You are not going to see any improvement in this season. To be fair, I think the second cour is better than this one regarding the plot. But in terms of animation, story events, and even sometimes pacing, I'd say both parts are pretty average. And just in case, both cours cover an entire arc.. . The antagonists of both cours are pretty mid in my opinion. I didn't enjoy most of the battles. Even worse, there was some bad-quality CGI in a particular battle. Obviously, you cannot expect anything outstanding from J.C.Staff, but for God's sake, you can tell there wasn't a big budget overall.. . Also, there ...
[Oshi no Ko]: An Ambiguous Glimpse into the Entertainment Industry. . Oshi no Ko is a series that has evoked mixed feelings from me throughout its course. From my perspective, the series attempts to explore comedic and dramatic storytelling conventions while examining the darker aspects of the entertainment industry. However, I must admit that it fails to fully immerse itself in those disturbing aspects, choosing to imply them rather than confront them directly. This can be frustrating for those who expected a deeper and grittier look into the world of entertainment.. . The main protagonist, Aqua, is portrayed as a character with exceptional abilities and knowledge who seems capable ...
I want to like this. I do. Unfortunately, there is just too much nonsense for that to be possible.. . There are too many repetitious scenes and behaviors that just get under my skin. They don't even try to hide the fact that that's what they're doing and it makes some of the episodes drag badly. The show can get serious and do serious things and do it well, as in episode 12, but there's not enough substance to carry an episode. There is just too much crap. I won't be watching the second season, though I'm sure that there is hope for it once the finale ...
Okay this anime is quiet wholesome and sometimes funny but my problem is the characters aka Komi classmates (at least they get better with the next season except *that* girl). Excluding tadano cuz he's the only normal one, poor girl have social anxiety and can't talk is the most simped girl in the school they even worshiped her like I fucking hate the far green haired girl that I refuse to memorize her name who acts like dog on her wil and yamai for being the worst character like she stalk komi constantly and obsessed with her, I know all characters are crazy in their own ...
I take it back this anime is trash but funny I prefer watching the fantasy parts rather then the real world parts. . I'm skipping the non fantasy parts and the parts with Kaori in it she's so trash she probably the reason I'm skipping she's really bland and has nothing special to her 😭. . Art is noice the cgi in the fighting is noice. . Need more information lmaoo. I hate writing reviews this anime actually needs one. . I thought I was dropping as soon as Kaori found out but I just skipped that part and everything felt noice again. ...
So this anime is basically story about a guy going from fat loser to jacked handsome OP MC overnight in both real and other world as he discovers his strength and true potential throughout the series.. Animation is great, story is mid unless u r interested in instant zero to hero story with barely any struggle. There isn't much to look fordward to other than how he figures out his abilities and thrive in world with his new life. It's interesting in its own way but I would have liked different take on similar initial concept of this anime.. . I like the main character but ...
The Big O starts out a stylish, oddball fusion of hardboiled detective fiction and tokusatsu style superheroics, but gradually evolves into something altogether weirder and more existential. It is partially successful in this.. . First, the positives. The Big O aims to capture a very particular vibe, and succeeds. It's got interesting shot composition, a distinct visual style, and an achingly cool soundtrack of mostly jazz and funk. Most of the episodes consist of Roger looking into some case on behalf of a client, occasionally aided by an arsenal of gadgets, before a climax where he gets into the Big O and fights another giant robot in ...
“Penguin Highway” is what happens when You want to write a mystery but You lack the skills to pull it off organically.. . We follow Aoyama - a fourth grader with knowledge compared to that of an adult… or at least he thinks so. He likes to indulge himself in pseudo scientific experiments that probably fuel his ego. One of his journals is entirely dedicated to “Geometric study of boobs”, now that’s a branch of science I can get behind. He has an ego, he treats others with reservation and sees himself as more than a child. To be honest… he’s annoying. Watching him is like watching ...
The animation is overall just alright. It's low resolution, and the action scenes are, as with many old anime, hardly animated at all. However, there are some pretty backgrounds, and a lot of detail in quite a few scenes. The characters are many, and have a fair amount of depth given the size. Although, that isn't to all characters have depth, and when they do I wouldn't call it an impressive amount. That being said, most of the characters are fairly interesting and entertaining. The setting is pretty interesting and so in the premise. While I wouldn't say the premise is wasted on the show, ...
I like this anime, but I was expecting impressive, well rounded characters and was kind of disappointed.. The art and animation are beautiful, the side characters are so loveable(!), but Yamada, the development of his feelings and of the MC's feelings, they felt just a little empty. People have said the Manga was better.. . Like I was expecting this series to really make me feel something, make me relate back to my past crushes, but it all felt kinda like a letdown.. The side characters were actually my favorite part of the series once they met in person, but that really shouldn't be the case while ...
NOTICE: this review isn't really in-depth on the anime, it more so determines whether or not you will like/should watch this series. The first page review by Altoroark or whatever his name is gives a really insightful analysis of the show so I would recommend you to read that review after this if you believe you might watch, as it tells the true nature of the show rather than examining it at surface level like most of the idiot reviewers like the most recent one prior to mine.. . This show is the definition of hit-or-miss. I'm not into yuri but I was getting a lot ...
Honestly, I was very disappointed by this. I'm a big lover of fantasy, I read a lot of fantasy novels and play D&D, I also loved the original OVA, but this one was far below what I expected.. The writing was extremely predictable and often, I found myself wanting for more. Something unpredictable, something that would explain character motivations, particularly the villains who came off as "evil for evil's sake" and not someone with actual meaningful motivations for the things they did. I didn't care for most of the characters and honestly, it was a drag to get through.. I still love the character designs, honestly, I ...
When I first embarked on the journey of watching Demon Slayer, I held onto a glimmer of hope that it would eventually improve and captivate me but my dreams were crushed and flushed away in the Holy Ganga after this lackluster season.. . Let's start with the subpar CGI. It felt out of place and poorly executed, detracting from the overall visual appeal of the anime. It's disappointing to witness such a drop in quality, especially considering the stunning animation that was prevalent in earlier seasons.. . As for the story progression, or lack thereof, it was a repetitive slog through uninspired backstories of demons and Hashiras. Each revelation ...
Currently sitting at 8/10 awaiting to see if they stick the landing.. Firstly DO NOT 3 episode rule this show. Episodes 1-3 don’t really prepare you for the following episodes. I didn’t like the first 4 episodes myself thought this was going to be some throwaway anime with teenagers battling the world, monsters, and puberty.. . The show has really developed in a way that requires the viewer to think about what they just watched. There are minor plot points that, while they develop the characters, the viewer also has to process and come to terms with. However if the viewer isn’t engaged then they will miss what ...
Nobunagun does an amazing job with what it has. The first scene is innovate and quite impressive, however it starts to quickly go down hill from there. Overall Id give it an 8.. . . ANIMATION 10: The art is crap. I would not be surprised if I found out that the whole series spent $10 on the animation in the entire series, however, the show manages to effectively use those $10 in a way that makes the show enjoyable. The show expertly, and effectively uses dark colors, lighting contrasts, and color switches to hide the limited budget, and set the mood at the same time. The ...
Fantastic world-building and animation. Gorgeous to look at. In addition, I think the anime really sells Rudi's reactions to violence and death in a realistic way, and just about every character is very complex and dynamic. It has a fantastic story to tell.. . Sadly, it is far too over-sexualized. Now, if it was only adults being sexualized, I could possibly give it a pass, but for the most part it is a creepy grown man in a child's body, lusting after another child. It's disgusting. I get that there's a slight bit of story and character development to be done there, but honestly it's far too ...
Gamers! left me feeling mixed enough to write my second MAL review on an anime, so that's something.. . ~~The TL;DR of this review is basically: it's fine, and enjoyable enough, and from where I'm at in the LN it's probably worth an 8 out of 10 or so - *if you watch it with the intention/understanding that you'll need to read the LN to finish the story*. Without including the LN, I'm giving it a 6.~~. . As a pretty hardcore gamer myself, and a fan of slice of life, romcom, and all that good stuff, Gamers! is one that I had to check out at some point. ...
This is an OVA based on the Deep-Blue series game 'Tristia of the Deep-Blue Sea'. I'm frankly baffled as to how such an obscure series managed to get any animation at all but the mid-2000s were a strange time. I have played some of the games so I can comment that this OVA does a pretty good job at conveying the basic jist and tone of the game, but it's definitely not a stellar anime overall. It really depends on whether your love of mid-2000s anime tropes dialed up to 11 in some bizarre comedy of a mecha anime fights through. Deep-Blue is a bit ...
Upbeat dystopian Japan setting. Cute Girls Doing Killer Things.. . It is amazing in a morbid way how you can depict such inhumane things this way. Somehow it feels that no one in this anime have any shred of compassion(well, except for two). People who use underage girls to kill everyone who is being payed for. Girls who have no remorse in taking lives and watch their comrades impending death and do nothing. Whole society shown to have no concern for people being killed off in plain sight without even chance for trial.. . For protagonist role we have "deviant" who still have some kind of compassion for comrades ...
Note: My reviews are like a note for my future self. I try to not spoil anything in it, because in the case I want to rewatch the show, I don't want to know too much about it other than what I think I will remember or surface level details that don't really matter much. I just want to make sure my future self understands a bit of how I felt about it and why I gave this mark.. . So many interesting ideas, but quite a bad execution overall. It felt like it had so much potential, but most of the things didn't even get much ...
I wanted to watch something new so I used the random number generator and it brought me here lol. Overall it's not bad, but it's better than what I've expected -especially sincd it's from the 80's- but the only version I found had no subtitles and I guess the spoken language was chinese (not sure which one though) so I just had to understand the story from the context, and I expected it to be 2D but it turned out to be " animated dolls thingy", and tbh it brought out few laughs here and there some scenes are hallerious, and it got pretty good ...
I recommend reading this if you are deciding on whether or not to watch this anime.. . I'm gonna say straight up that this is not worth watching just by itself. This anime doesn't present any normal or acceptable storyline that would have any significant meaning. It is basically just a trailer for you to read the light novel.. . Still, I have to admit, the idea presented here is kind of intriguing: the middle schoolers of an unknown school are armed and decide to protect some kind of cube that decides the fate of Japan. They are now hunted or rather pulled into war with some other ...
Well well.... The first episode of this show was a good impression on me, so I continued with this anime.. Until around 4th episode, the animation just started to become more and more inconsistent,. The movement was choppy, Characters felt lifeless,. Only the opening visuals felt incredible until I heard, it was made by a different studio.. . The overall compositing for this anime is just average or even bad,. . The music felt "Ok" nothing really special, never really got those goosebumps.. . ...
A fat kid suffers a refusal from his first love and being bullied after that. He become aware of a basic truth: your looks matter. a lot.. With this mindset he does quite a lot of work. He is able to change his diet and do some weightlifting. And somehow get a prettier face. But he could not let go his main motivation and forget or forgive his harsh first experience with a girl and subsequent bullying.. Understandable. Now the guy is on the path to make his first love to fall in love with him and then dump her.. . It is entertaining to watch his path ...
The prologue is an in-universe, Gunpla 10-vs-10 team battle. Episode 3 of the TV series "The Protector" starts with showing the conclusion of this battle, overlapping both.. . Instead of a prologue, I would treat it as an extended scene from that episode. If one is curious about how the battle looked from the beginning and wants to briefly meet some new characters, they are welcome to take a peak. In the end, it's barely 12 minutes of runtime.. . Watching this between episode 2 and 3 of the TV series seems optimal, though not necessary for changing the overall enjoyment of the series.. . It's hard to treat it as ...
Looking back on Oresuki after watching the whole series, it's clear that the author knew the story they wanted to tell and how to tell it. The problem is that it takes a while for its components to gel.. . Fundamentally it's about the facades that people show to others, the ugly feelings they hide beneath them, and how hard it can be to tell whether someone is being honest. Some of these characters can be horrible to each other, and it often takes a long time to tell if they're being honest with themselves, honest with others, and whether they can ever get past the bad ...
Wotakoi, in short, is an office rom-com about this girl who tries to hide her "nerd" (anime, manga, gaming [and yaoi]) lifestyle, gets found out then gets dumped, then gets a new job then starts dating her childhood friend who is a hardcore otaku. There isn't really any drama, there are some nice romance moments but it's ultimately lacking there given that they had to stick to the idea that the male mc is a hopeless otaku. Overall, the show is pretty much bang average really, but it does well enough in the comedy department to give it a 7 for me. One review on ...
Isekai Ojisan is a show I was hyped for. Unfortunately, I'm saddened it couldn't live up to my expectations.. . Experiencing the isekai adventure then showing it to your nephew distinguished Ojisan from other isekai protagonist. This idea alone intrigued me to watch it. Other than the usual tropes (Harem, Overpowered MC, etc.), the raw and light-hearted comedy, coupled with jumping back and forth from modern day to the journey's "recordings" made a quirky but distinctive formula, which is something that I enjoyed.. . However, problems with production were apparent through out the show. The inconsistency in animation quality is something that bothered me. I get that the animation ...
Demon slayer is back again with amazing production as always. However, this season feels the shallowest out of all of them so far. There is very little effort put into the build up of the arc at all and it just felt like after the demon castle scene that the show was trying to get to the fight scene as quickly as possible.. . The plot is just somehow with zero explanation or link from the previous season the antagonists get here and somehow the protagonists just happen to be in the exact same place. Without a good plot and build up the arc is up ...
Makes no fucking sense, but the ending song+animation is iconic and is worth watching the whole series just for it.. . The character moments are great for comedic and wholesome value. The supporting cast is generally well rounded and it's a pleasure to see them get used to the MC throughout the series.. . The battles themselves aren't that interesting, but that might be just be growing out of shonnen anime and moving on to more lighthearted slice of life stuff. The concept of weapons made of blood, however, is interesting and I'm glad there was an anime about that.. . There is some lore that makes no sense towards the ...
First thing you need to do. WATCH the closing credits. It's an emotional roller-coaster using several animation styles that is basically a prequel to the series. You can FEEL her suffering the loss of her brother. Yes, the sis/bro thing it way over the top, but the bottom line is she will do anything for him because their previous life revolved around him doing the same for her. Her end-goal is to see him grow and become independent.. . The animation is really well done, the sound is great and the voice acting perfect. OK, yea, it's "JAIA" Just Another Isekai Anime - and many characters ...
Kinda weird to see how you make a big world with a lot of chance and make the main character become super OP with their sub quest progression but the gamemaster on this anime give a "how tf is that even possible ? we should nerf her" vibes, blaiming maple for "ruin the game balance". As gamemaster, it's a responsible to be control the game while maintain the balance of the game itself. Someone OP ? it's their fault for not being competent.. . maybe that's the reason i'm not comfortable watching this 2nd season. althought this is a fictional story, it still bother me when knowing ...
The animation was fairly decent. There really wasn't any flashy animation, but not really that type of anime. The characters were well drawn, and so were the backgrounds. However, cg background characters and objects were pretty frequent, and although well drawn, the backgrounds were pretty basic. The main characters were very likeable, but the side characters didn't really add too much and I found them kind of annoying. On top of that not a ton of depth to any of the characters. The story is pretty basic, but is good enough to support the show, but gets a little repetitive. Pacing is... slow. This combined ...
Boy and girl go to the same school and somehow live alone and next to each other. Guy gives umbrella to the girl, then they get sick one after another, care for each other, pretty simple and effective way to develop romantic plot. Most annoying thing is absence of any conflict. Minimum of sexual tension. There is effectively no story or plot more than what i told. In 4 episodes (+2 scrolled to check to be sure) nothing of substance happens to be worth mentioning at all.. . It looks like gradual slip into living together with impotent guy who have a hobby for caring about stray ...
In short, I can only describe this movie as “if you took Kimi no Na wa and removed everything which makes it good”.. . Oh, wait? That exists already?. . While Kimi wa Kanata, ‘Over The Sky’, isn’t quite as appalling as Tenki no Ko in terms of the sheer quantities of random supernatural plot points pulled straight from the director’s backside (it does still have its “HOW!?” moments, though), this movie suffers from the exact same problems of main characters lacking depth (Mio was alright, but that Boy was just your standard cardboard cutout love interest), side characters who essentially add nothing to main story, and an average ...
Hana no Uta is what happens when you have a bunch of interesting ideas tied into a lose-lose plot. Normally, something like this would be a mess (which it is), but it is still an enjoyable kind of mess thanks to its solidly animated action sequences, cute art style, and quirky characters.. You probably heard of animation studios overworking their staff (cough MAPPA) but sometimes, you get to watch something that looks like there aren't any compromises made during its making. Hana no Uta is one such case, where there's practically nothing to complain about its visuals. In fact, there are many details in visuals that ...
No matter how you slice it, bleach sennen kessen-hen is top class and there is no, i said NO argument against it. What are the weaknesses and downsides you may ask? well you need to know bleach to get it's full effect. That can come in any form, whether you have watched all 300+ episodes of the anime or read the manga. Obviously watching TYBW without knowing the full story prior, (aizen+fullbringer arc) then you won't get it's full effect. It's been a while since I read the manga but if you want to get caught up on it prior to TYBW, the final arc, ...
Bungou Stray Dogs is an anime about colorful characters who do a whole lot of nothing.. . If that opening sentence doesn't sum it up for you, Bungou Stray Dogs' greatest strength is its characters. Every single one of them is flashy and interesting. They all have their gimmicks and are genuinely well designed. The characters in this show have been praised time and time again for being super complex and morally grey, and every conversation about this show is about doing deep analysis of the characters and their trauma and motivations. The characters are what draw the fans to the show.. . Unfortunately, that's about all it has ...
Charlotte is an anime that follows a group of high school students who have special abilities. The story of Charlotte starts off as a comedy with some drama and romance elements, but takes a dark turn in the second half, where it becomes more serious and tragic. The anime explores themes such as friendship, sacrifice, destiny, and redemption. The anime also has some twists and surprises that may shock or confuse the viewers.. . The animation of Charlotte is generally good, with colorful and detailed backgrounds, fluid movements, and expressive character designs. The anime also has some impressive action scenes and special effects. The soundtrack of Charlotte ...
Bro . . . Someone had an aneurism when trying to make this story coherent. Like, they tried to add in the tropes that are common in anime, which isn't a problem as many are necessary. I wouldn't even call them tropes, but instead common themes, concepts, and creation that are necessary in most cases to create a good show and feel. But regardless, I'll call them tropes. And let me tell you, everything failed. It was simply cringy and hurt as you could see what was trying to be done with broader themes, character interactions, and small nuances that make anime, anime, although it ...
Sword Art Online The Movie - Progressive: Scherzo of Deep Night is the second Sword Art Online: Progressive film, and it picks up the story a bit less than a month after the end of Aria of a Starless Night. During the time skip, Kirito, Asuna, and the rest of the top players have succeeded in making it all the way to the fourth-floor boss. However, there is a growing problem that threatens to stop their progress—and it's not the dungeon itself.. . In the previous film, Kirito united the top players by making himself the bad guy in their eyes. While this worked in the short ...
Honestly this anime, shouldnt be on your "priority" list to watch.. Story and character development is too slow, in first season story moved in decent and kinda cute and refreshing pace, but in this second season, I think they just wanted to make this season to make some money so they tried to slow the story as much as they can, and they did it, it ruined the show. Art is good i would give it 8/10 , story is good, very cute and sweet and i like the story it is 9/10 , so it is still good anime to watch,but if you have anything ...
The concept of perception art seems interesting at first. However, this series focused more on the conflict between the "grader" & "artist" and mainly finding the mysterious person who create the scribbling filled with rage feeling. This series of events subsequently lead to finding the truth behind the mc, Kazuya's parent accident.. . What good about this series:. 1) Beautiful art & songs. 2) Good looking characters. . What I feel lacking:. . 1) I wish to know more about the system used to create the art and the origin etc.. 2) Some fights are cringe & I dont feel attached to any of the characters (there are some backstory but it feels ...
This season of Overlord is reflective of a large shift in tone and philosophy, and it's one I'm not fully satisfied by, as a fan of the previous three seasons. What I enjoyed about those three seasons was the comedy inherent in the premise, of an extremely self-serious fantasy world butting heads with Ainz, who is the most powerful being in the world despite not even really trying or caring, and, of course, the action sequences. Unfortunately, these are both aspects which have taken a backseat in this new season. The order of the day is politics: in showing Ainz's efforts in building his own ...
It starts how it ends, a man taking a sip of their drink.. At first, I thought it was just gonna repeat over and over again. But the animation slowly changed with every second that passed. This movie was tagged with dementia and there couldn't be a better word than that. It feels like life and death, and how your world changes with dementia. The animation is smooth but in your face, and I'm a sucker for pencil animation so I enjoyed that. The sound could be better it seemed quiet for most of it.. But if you have a few minutes of free time, go ...
When I first watched this years ago, I gave this ONA a 5 out of 10 since it was just 37 seconds of a windshield wiper of a car. But after rewatching and reading some of the reviews I decided to bring it up one score. The fact it's supposed to represent a drunk driver and the effects of driving drunk makes it easier to understand the message of this short animation.. The audio is pretty fun with it repeating over and over while the face gets wiped over and over as well. I'm not sure if I would recommend this to anyone nor would ...
This is a boring anime, yes, BUT as someone who has been addicted to Arknights for the last 6 months it felt very cool to watch an anime adaptation. I've never been part of the source material for a video game anime before. I think. Anyways yeah if you really like playing Arknights I would recommend this, otherwise you can skip it. I hope new episodes are a little less serious and show us more of operations at Rhodes Island and the characters interacting in normal ways, I think that would be nice. The characters are here and it's not like they have no personality, ...
Overall 9/10 however, here's the thing:. . The first episode is very good. Probably perfect. But as the anime progresses my hopes for it getting to a happy ending vanish more and more after every chapter. Not to mention when the first episode ends the plot kind of changes directions and rhythm for a slow phase development, exactly like Kaguya-sama (an anime I did not want to even see the first episode bc I know it's a cliched series and very very slow development that has no progression for 4 seasons). So my surprise when noticing is the same author kinda made me make sense of ...
There are a lot of factors that need to be overlooked in order to enjoy this series in terms of what is socially acceptable. The plot itself is pretty average, and the show's popularity is carried by a combination of the OST and general uninformed hype surrounding the series. The plot itself is very slow-burn and only begins to take off a few episodes in, meaning that this series is not for those who are more interested in a fast-paced series. While there are subtle complexities to the characters, the subtleties get lost in favour of a singular defining personality trait most of the time. ...
Probably the most fun of the bunch, but also the most formulaic one. It's completely detached from reality; we got to a point where the gags happen for the sake of gags and the plot progresses just because it has to. You can clearly see it in the designs and the dialogue too; there are no real stakes or motivation. Hell, I'd rather have Rezo show up again, at least he had a motivation and a proper goal! Flawed as it blalantly was, they used it to the show's advantage! Nothing so far, in terms of writing, has been used to enrich Lina's world or ...
Basic fun but ultimately it goes nowhere. The show is too focused on being overly gratuitous with the cooking and eating that it wastes its potential at every turn. What little we see of the world is interesting and well done, but time and time again any of that is cut short so that more food can be cooked and ate. Episode after episode it repeats the same notes and boils down the same cooking show. I wanted more of everything outside of the food. The food works great as a plot device, but is instead treated as the unwavering center-point. It could be such ...
Better than the first film, for sure. There were more characters this time and it brought back the self-aware humour that I liked so much in the show.. . Still absolutely no backstory to either Lina or Naga, though. This came out a year after the original show had ended and more than halfway into the second season. Perhaps they thought fans of the show at the time would watch the movie as well, but that just makes it dated and shallow.. . Further more it doesn't help that the hwole film is like 5 scenes max, just stretched out to fit the one hour checkmark. Again, sometimes that ...
Before I begin, let's be upfront here. Go watch Kuma Kuma Kuma Bear instead. S2 is out not and S1 is sitting there, plus the dub is good, for those inclined.. . Konosuba worked because it was a bunch of muppets being muppets in both a parody of Isekai and just a straight-up comedy (with some heart). What happens when you take the world and its lore seriously? You lose the parody and you're left with a stilted comedy that, while funny, feels a bit off.. . The easy review is 'if you liked Konosuba, watch this', and honestly that may track. I'm on episode 6 though and am ...
One piece is that show that most of you got into it when you were either kids or were bombarded by its fans on tik tok discord and other social media platforms, as I watched 1035 eps of it ill write a honest review that will be quite long so please bear with me and read it all( forget me for saying boring a lot) and the end of every paragraph ill write my overall thoughts.. . I don't see how this series has such a good score, i'd give it a 7 maximum and it pains me to say it because one piece in my opinion ...
The second part of the fourth season of Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka does an excellent job of concluding what the first part began. Each episode is filled with gripping action and maintains a well-paced momentum that hardly wavers until the satisfying conclusion. The animation is well executed, although there are a few moments where the CG feels questionable. The series continues to deepen the established characters, amplifying the impact of heartfelt moments. In terms of quality, this season stands shoulder-to-shoulder with the third season and wraps up the storyline in a gratifying manner. Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no ...
While the fourth season of Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka may not reach the same heights as the third season, it still surpasses the quality of the first two seasons. Although the animation quality suffers a bit this time, and the overall scale is not as expansive, the characters maintain their well-designed nature, with visually appealing new additions. This season prioritizes character development over extensive world-building. This slows the pacing considerably, but there are still moments of well-animated action. Unfortunately, the season ends on an irritating cliffhanger, leaving the conclusion unresolved. Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ...
This movie would have been perfect if it weren't for the overwhelming amount of events occurring. Furthermore, it seems like all the action was saved for the second-half of the film, which was a major drawback for me. Another aspect I wasn't huge fan of was the insufficient character background. It would have been wonderful if the movie provided us with an insight into Ged, Tenar, and Cob's life (before these event happened). Finally, it's important to mention that there are a few plot holes in this movie. I never managed to figure out why Arren killed his father, the history of the sword and ...
AVERAGE ISEKAI STORY. . Eminence in Shadow is a manga series that, unfortunately, falls short of its potential, earning a rating of 4/10. While it attempts to offer a fresh take on the isekai genre with its comedic approach and unique protagonist, it ultimately struggles to deliver a compelling and engaging story.. . One of the main issues with Eminence in Shadow is its execution of comedic elements. While the concept of a protagonist who prefers to remain in the shadows and manipulate events from behind the scenes holds promise, the humor often falls flat. The jokes and gags feel forced, and the comedic timing lacks impact, resulting in ...
Orguss is a show I was introduced to through some youtube show or another which was ecstatic about its representation in Another Century's Episode: R (PS3, Bandai Namco/From Software, 2010). After playing through the game and the Orguss parts while stumbling through the dialouge (私の日本語がすごいない) I was impressed at the character art and mecha design. This led me to a website named gearsonline (easily searchable enough) which had enticing descriptions of the show, its cast, and some of the art. I also had found the intro song (Sky-hurricane by Casey Rankin, Life in the Sky, 1983) which had me in LOVE. It's incredibly triumphant, with ...
Ako is legitimately crazy, and I don't just mean her yandere/kill all normies moments, but like actually crazy. In the first couple episodes especially she is characterized as literally not being able to separate the game from reality. Obviously we've all heard this line of separating fantasy from reality before, but in my opinion she takes it to an unrealistic level. Just to give some examples she believes her and Rusian are married, sees no issue with calling people in-game names in person even after they've told her real names and to call them that, and that she has some sort of inventory just to ...
I think the story is average at best, and the male lead has no particular characteristics. The story is simple: there is a green seed of ancient treasure inside the MC that makes him stronger and cultivate faster, and as always, the MC is very lucky to find this and that which helps him become stronger. Although the story is bland, it's still refreshing, and the art work is wonderful. The action sequences, dialogues, voice acting, and male lead modeling are quite good.. . But then again, there is no logic to speak of. MC goes to an academy where there are no teachers and their lives ...
It’s a great study for animation students and something I’m definitely going to study myself when I get the time. The premise of a spam email that actually kills you sounds like dumb fun. But it loses me with the main character trying to assault his boss within the first five minutes and how much xenophobia is in the movie. I’m not even exaggerating, the big bad company is Chinese and everyone who works for it looks like they came out of a WWII propaganda poster. Even his love interest ends up being a “evil Chinese woman”. I’m not going to lie and say that ...
Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka's third season surpasses its predecessors in all aspects. In contrast to the first and second seasons, the third season dedicates all 12 episodes to a cohesive and captivating narrative. It introduces new and compelling characters while significantly expanding the story's scope. The action scenes maintain their high-quality animation, and the characters remain visually appealing. The pacing is flawlessly executed, consistently propelling the narrative forward without any sluggish moments. Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka III eclipses its earlier seasons, leaving viewers eagerly anticipating what lies ahead.
Mahou Shoujo Madoka Magica is one of the shows which have a lot going for itself on the surface and despite a few shortcomings, does a decent job in engaging the viewer with its plot which engages heavily in philosophy and morality.. . The show's premise is of young girls forming a pact with a catlike entity, which promises to grant them any wish in return for them having to fight witches, which are often the main cause behind human tragedies such as natural calamities and crimes committed. If this feels too generic of a plot featuring magical girls and attributing every unfortunate event to fantastical ...
This continuation of the series is far worse then the 1st season. But I guess it depends on how you view the time spent on the show.. Here is the run down. Episode 1 : Great start of the season.. Episodes 2-11 : Poor filler contents.. Episodes 12-13 : Good episodes with decent story and a mediocre ending.. . For me the show was almost entirely filler content after episode 1, and only got back to the main story at episode 11 and continues to it's final episode. It is really upsetting, the story's filler content, was far more noticeable in this season, where none of the fights even matter, and ...
This is only good if you have a younger kid/sibling who is into this. And you are stuck watching it with them. At max this is 6 stars; with some funny slapstick moments. It can even get cool sometimes and is inclusive with the cast. However, that ain't enough . . .. . But if you take into fact this isn't nearly as good as other kids shows. Like the original Beyblade series, Yugioh, Medabots, or/and Zoids. Then this is definitely trash tier at about 3 stars. Some people might even say the OG Bakugan is better than this reboot. But honestly it doesn't matter, because even ...
Jigokuraku is about where criminals have to fight for the Elixir of Life. it sounded very cool to me at first, but however, I had thought they had to fight monsters or Villains but they have to fight other criminals.. . This would be alright if they fought non-pardoned Criminals.. . The animation and art style ar good, and the story is VERY unique, but the time period is too early for my liking (18th century). . However, this does not mean you shouldn't watch it. I am sure if you like a theme like this, then go ahead, but this show is not for me.
The one word that I could use to best sum this up is forgettable. If you want to add one more, say very forgettable.. . I think that the only thing that truly saves this are all of the boob shots, but it's the only thing I honestly can think of. When I went to add this to my list, that I found out that there is a second season. I think that's a real travesty. No thanks, I'll skip that.. . In the long and short,the male MC is a real wuss, he's stupid, weak and a perfected dumbass with no personality. Very typical. It sucks that they ...
This is animated way better than it deserves to be.. . Playing card themed heroes battle ... who are these people? Who is this guy with bad grammar and a flying drill? Who is the leggy wolf lady? What's up with the Cookie Monster-eyed ninjas? Who's this Joker guy or the Red Lobster guy? More to the point, who are these heroes, zipping around, crashing vehicles, fighting gargantuan chess pieces? Who knows? The world-building and characterization in this brief OVA are as shallow as a playing card is thick.. . A bit more meat on the story's bones wouldn't have hurt. The world of table-top-game-themed heroes and villains ...
I can tell that the creators of this anime put a lot of work into it but for me it just did not hit the marks it needed to.. . Story- the story is very confusing because it's starts of with one thing takes a completely different turn. But compared to some anime it keeps up. Story 6/10. . Animation- The animation was simple but amazing. i think the animation works perfectly with the story. it helps express what the creators were trying to do. Animation 8/10. . Music- the music was amazing it matched perfectly with visuals. it helped set the vibe of the anime. it ...
Alien 9 is about three girls beating up aliens. One of them hates the job, one of them does it because the other option was worse, and one of them is raring to go. There's a copious amount of gore, blood, and mental breakdowns. So yeah, this show is not all sunshine and lollipops.. . From the first scene, Yuri (the first girl I talked about) will whine about not wanting to be the one designated to beat up aliens in her class. In the next scene she will complain and whine to her best friend about how she's unqualified for the job, and that she doesn't ...
I've played Danganronpa 1 & 2, however if you haven't then I'd give this is a miss. If you have, this closes out the arc so if you're into the lore then it's a mandatory watch. Also, I watched on Crunchyroll which alternates the episodes between the future and despair arc's, I recommend this as the way to watch. It's clearly intended to be watched that way.. . The future arc's main purpose is to tie all the loose ends together. It quickly becomes a battle royale anime with little to distinguish it from any other. The writing has kinda got that Danganronpa flair but it's also ...
First three episodes are looking pretty good. Space stuff, mecha goes bang-bang, crash on unknown planet and first contact with natives. MC (Guy with mecha) showed this monkeys that he can obliterate anyone and anything, take control of any resources he could ever need.. . Then somehow from 4th episode it went into idiocy spiral. They use him for moving shipment containers, give him invoice for damage he caused and use him on other blue collar/manual jobs. Using an electronic microscope to hammer in nails would be more effective and sane than that. Their leadership is shown on another higher plane of stupidity.. . Story doesn't care much ...
This is the first time ever I need to write a review 'bout an anime.. Why? Because I feel it was good but not enough to make me say "This is a real masterpiece".. What a clichè: initially, the main theme (music) kept me away from watching Your Lie in April because it is slightly away from my main interests but I wanted to give it a try.. . Let's start with the first impressions, then I'll go for the scores.. The first episode is nothing special: introduces the characters and the plot, vaguely.. the music is almost absent.. From the second episode, the "first" part of the plot actually ...
to be frank, C;H had the real potential of becoming a masterpiece, and it kinda did.. or did it?. . i’m a massive SciAdv fan, played all the visual novels and slowly but steadily recovering them all, therefore i rate my knowledge as “fair”.. . As several other reviews stated, the anime adaptation and the visual novel don’t really match up like in other chapters of the series, and it’s undeniably true.. although the storyline in the original visual novel was damn near perfectly paced, this anime adaptation suffered from the “too much in too little time” syndrome, a disease that sadly affects way too many titles, pressing a 50 ...
Expect a fun light and airy vibe watch. makes it pretty pleasantly fun to watch and I like that the art style is quite fitting for the story of the series. It's exactly what you think it'd be.. . But at the same time it's 50/50 chance hit or miss because it could go 2 ways:. . - If you're expecting a hard core driven plot; for more of that Bungou Stray Dogs Oomf!. It has almost no plot. You will get bored.. . -If you like Komi, you might want to give it a go if you are a Bungou Stray Dog big fan ♡ (*ฅ́˘ฅ̀*) .
“Battle Game in 5 Seconds” is what happens when You have a pretty nice idea to put a twist on a survival game genre but get lazy almost as soon as You show it off for the first time.. . The plot follows one Akira Shiroyanagi. One day when he was out and about he got attacked by a mysterious humanoid. Keeping his cool and using his intellect and love of games, he manages to kill it. As a reward he gets killed.. He wakes up, fully healed, in a mysterious place, surrounded by other people, where a sociopathic catgirl declares that everyone there was chosen to ...
Overall: A weaker version of Blue Gender, but with a great OST. I'm giving 4 stars on the OST alone. So it is at least worth watching just to hear the OST. The animation looked like one of the Saint Seiya reboots, which I don't like, but the production value was good. If Yakitori does anything else good, it is negligible, because the rest is so basic. A total of 4.5 stars max.. . Is the story unique? If it was predictable, did you enjoy it anyway because you like this genre/set-up?. Story was completely predictable with just one small plot twist on the ...
This won't be detailed just a quick breakdown of my thoughts so far.. . -The animation has gotten worse and spottier as its gone on, at its best its solid at its worst its horrendous(just look at gabimarus goofy floating running "animation" in ep 9. Arstyle itself is nice. I happened to watch the og Ghost in the shell movie later in the day after the latest episode and the contrast in quality is laughable from something that is 30 years older but manages to look better in every aspect.. . -Sheena Ringo on the opening and Uru on the ending with a mostly solid ost to ...
One word I can say about my review for Chainsaw Man is straight up confused. I would look forward to watching Chainsaw Man, so there is something the show is doing right for me to want to continue engaging. But there were aspects that made me feel wanting more. Like when you go to a restaurant and have an awesome meal. But you feel like something was missing. I feel like that is Chainsaw Man but... I don't think this show is a masterpiece or amazing, so I don't really understand the hype because of that missing feeling. I think the show is good, not ...
The Go-Touban series has always focused more on the sisters and their relationships with each other than it ever does with the actual romance plots. Each of the girls has gotten sufficient development over the series (although some are better developed than others), and that's still the movie's main focus and where it excels.. . However, this had no right being over 2 hours long - a sign of poor planning and shoddy editing. Additionally, the animation & art, while colourful, is somewhat lacking for a movie production and ends up looking incredibly mediocre.. . The sound design & soundtrack, however, are reasonably satisfactory, and the VAS have ...
Nonsensical at first glance anime. A lot of fanservice. MC is somewhat normal which helps a little to ease into the story. Everyone else looks like a psycho when you compare them to the protagonist. Took me at least three tries to watch it to get past second episode. From the beginning It looks like there is no plot. Just battles, "cool" stuff and boobs. It looks like mish-mash from bunch of genres, jarring for my taste. Too much seemingly unmotivated actions without any explanation.. . Story does kinda make sense the more you watch it but the core concept is not that good (harem builder) and ...
The idea of making Moriarty the protagonist of this anime was very good, but the beginning did not please me, it is convoluted and has many unnecessary plots to introduce the secondary characters and deal with Moriarty's objective, which could be presented in maybe two episodes, it took four.. . As soon as Sherlock Holmes appears and a tie begins between him and Moriarty, the anime starts to get really good and takes that feeling to its last episodes, the interaction of the two characters together is very good and the game of intelligence and strategies that define most of Sherlock's works are also very nice to ...
Forget LoTR... because this here is the ultimate drinking game challenge! You see - the humble game, in spite of its ultimate purport, must not lay the player to ruin (read: on the floor) in the space of a few hours, for that would constitute a plain old piss-up - but neither can it overly entertain, at which point the undertaking is jeopardised through detraction. Kurau Phantom Memory is, as an unsuspecting anime fan might find out, the perfect tool for the job, with enough writing mishaps to fill an abandoned diamond mine and spanning what seems like four times the amount of airtime over ...
This was an interesting watch to say the least. It's a very standard 'beginning of zombie outbreak' story with an unusually light-hearted tone. The main two girls being a manzai comedy duo does at least offer some justification for the light-heartedness. Speaking of the main duo, their friendship is both the most developed and most enjoyable part of this OVA. Their comedy routine wasn't particularly funny but personally I felt that made them more charming. The side characters are given personality and fleshed out about as much as they can be in only 35 minutes. The writing is competent and tight, but there isn't much ...
if you want a satisfying good ending then just finish the anime on Season 4 and skip the Season 5, but if you want a good ending with absurd and boring storyline, antagonist with an advanced version of Mimasaka, and cooking with a weapon and clown outfit then just watch Season 5. . And also on this season, i feel they better change the title to Shokugeki no Nakiri instead Shokugeki no Souma.. . But even though I don't really like this season, the last song in last episode was a good though (Its Season 1 OP but with Piano Ver.) i would like to add those song ...
The second season brings more characters, which I thought was unnecessary for the plot and even made the main story worse because several of these new characters did not have a very good deepening, which meant that in the end several characters were left aside and without any purpose.. . The interaction between Moriarty and Sherlock Holmes is still great and even better than the first season, they manage to transmit a feeling of friendship and love that maybe is the purpose of the anime, and for me that was the highlight of the anime, I even wish they had more time together in the end.. . The ending ...
In this season we get vase breathing bubble boy and Oppai breathing cleavage girl.. . To be real tho, imo this season falls pretty flat compared to the Entertainment District, the pacing is very sluggish.. We just be getting backstory after backstory, to the point that even vase breathing bubble boy decided to hang out upside down for 3 years contemplating life.. It’s been 8 episodes and we’ve seen like 3 Hashira breathing techniques, and only 1 of those was Oppai breathing. Speaking of which, Oppai breathing cleavage form hasn’t gotten her backstory yet, so that’s probably gonna take up another episode.. On the up side, the fight ...
Story - 4. The story is okay if you turn your brain off. I like that it serves to give us a deeper look into Kurisu and Okabe's relationship, but it really didn't make sense. Like, it literally does not make sense and it seems like online many people say to just pretend it is non canon because it brings up so many plot holes if it is canon.. So, I would recommend watching it to get more content from the loveable Steins;Gate characters, but just don't ask any why questions, because the answer will be "yeah... that part just doesn't really make sense, just forget ...
Steins;Gate 0 was a great idea, as the episode 23 alternate ending was great. However, it suffers from being way too long and depressing, which ends up making it very boring. However, there is some excitement, and it is worth a watch if you need to feel like you know the complete story of Steins;Gate, and you can do some stuff during the boring parts.. . Story - 5. This anime definitely would have been better if it was 12 episodes instead. The first few episodes set the scene and help you understand how Okabe is feeling and where everyone else is at right then. The last ...
Though first season of this story is good and interesting in a way(8), second season is just not. Nanami relationships with a fox guy is at standstill. No meaningful secondary plots, snake guy is not involved in anything, nothing happens and if it does it have zero impact on the main story. In first season there was struggle in MC life, but now she looks like Mary Sue and the more I watched season 2 the more I hated her.. . Plot was simple from the start(s1) but in current season we don't have even this. I thought we would see her work as actual god ...
Yes, I have a female wrestling fetish. That's why I watched this.. . It would be good if it focused more on the wrestling and less on the techno-thriller aspects. There's a whole subplot of a mad scientist wrestling promoter with military contracts trying to create super-soldiers. It goes deep into sci-fi territory and mixes a lot of ideas together that distract from what I came for: a wrestling fetish OVA. This is 1/3 wrestling at most.. . A shame there isn't a lot of anime like this. Perhaps this early work was a warning for anime producers to try more proven genres like mecha. I can dream of ...
Bokura ga ita is drama through and through.. Most of you will probably find almost nothing positive. The extremely few moments that seem positive are usually completely destroyed shortly after.. . The main couple doesn't fit together at all and those who would are left empty-handed.. One could think that the entire story was written by a depressed author who wanted to somehow express his bitterness with this work.. . But in the end everyone has to form his own opinion.. . Well, some people are into endless drama, for them the series can be recommended. Personally, I've only watched it to the end, because I basically no anime drop.. . ah right yes, in ...
It's not an atrocious plot by any means, no. But it holds too much predictability and repetitiveness. It mostly just goes through the same "I gamble simply for the pleasure of the risk" situation. It's also easy to tell who's going to win in each game/what will happen in said game.. . The world building isn't all that great as they never explore anything outside of the school, which makes the plot, once again, very repetitive and limits it greatly.. Yumeko's character being this "shrouded in mystery" type thing while never revealing more than a little pebble of information is a bit frusterating to sit through. ...
English.. You will think that because it is the last season it will be the best but I think that in that aspect it was one of the weakest in the series, already in case the previous season was boring me because the players had powers and at the same time because the games lasted so long For no reason, but this one is much worse than that, to give an example, in the final game it lasts more than 7 episodes, or well, that's what I calculate.. This last season is good, that is a yes, but it is not the best, I think that the ...
English.. The truth is that such a good season, it can be seen that the elimination of the previous season was on purpose so that we could see the resurgence of this basketball group, for that very reason I think it improves in purely history matters, although I also believe that it has a blunder and it is the powers that players acquire. That thing about the powers the first time you see it, it may be a bit real although I highly doubt it, but there comes a point when things begin to happen, such as entering the area that no longer convinces you, it ...
English.. What a most disappointing second season, the beginning was one of the most bad and boring beginnings of the season that I have seen, I really did not feel that the series reached something, but after that first part everything is improving quite well, I don't think it is the best path that the series could take but it was a path that gives it a quite fun and interesting plot twist, I think that the series did drop a tremendous drop in quality that was quite evident, the animation did not go down but neither did the story She herself knows where to go ...
This OVA is the bridge in between Season 1 and 2, so you must watch it before starting season 2. It was made to fill in the lore gap the novel "Obey My Command, Doll!" (volume 2) left, because it wasn't adapted into this season and it has important lore elements, so they decided to bring in those lore elements from book 2 without having to adapt it into the anime, while bridging both season 1 and 2. There isn't much to say about this episode, really, just watch it before going to s2. The animation is quite the same quality of season 1, same ...
[TL;DR: A weirdly compelling sci-fi action-schlock that ultimately fails on executions. The cool premise, the art and design are all thrown under the bus by awful animation, terrible dialogue and abysmal writing. At least it's short, and there's Bunny Miku, so it's not all bad. Might worth a binge on a boring afternoon, but don't expect a life-changing experience]. . Tonkatsu is one of those adaptations that makes you go "WHY?". Why was it made? Who was it even made for? For the fans of the source material it's very lackluster and undeserving, and for everyone else it's confusing, trashy and short (the latter of which is ...
“FLCL” is what happens when writers overdose on every drug known to mankind and someone shells out the cash to animate what they write.. . There really isn’t any other way to say it. This whole show is an adrenaline packed fever dream and I loved it.. . The story revolves around Naota Nandaba - a 12 year old cynical, critical brat. Seriously I doubt there is any other way to describe him. He’s picky when it comes to food and beverages, despite being a part of mecha battles on a regular basis he claims that nothing unusual ever happens to him and the place he lives. To be ...
Stand My Heroes boils down to being nothing more than advertisement for the mobile game. (a game which isn't even available in English). Piece of Truth was bad in so many ways, I'm honestly surprised it even got greenlit considering how bland it was. Not to mention the lackluster cast of characters and a plot that may as well be non-existent. Then comes Warmth of Memories. It was somewhat better than Piece of Truth but it still has the same issues.. . For the most part, the plot is straightforward as it's primary focus is to introduce the Seo lab group and who they are as characters. ...
I have no plans on watching this movie initially but somehow here I am writing a review for this movie.... . The story is simple, reusing the same formula just like pretty much every movie from Makoto Shinkai.. You give it a supernatural setting with a little bit of romance at the end while mesmerize the audience with stunning visuals. Also, give a little bit trauma to at least one of the main characters to elevate the plot.. . The same formula over and over again, but the important thing is does it work?. "Yes". . One thing I can say is that it has a good direction. Everything is nicely balanced. ...
There are two kinds of camps I have seen when it comes to people who dislike this show. Some will watch the first couple of episodes and just find not to like it, which is somewhat understandable. But then worse fate is being part of the group who watches the show and enjoys it just to have it ruined by the ending.. . In a way, I feel like alot of the people who say the ending is fine or even good are on huge doses of copium because they enjoyed the show like I did. I wont spoil it here, but trust me when I say ...
I'm a BL enjoyer. And ive heard so many people talk about this show/manga so much. Butit left me genuinely traumatised Lol. . i give it a 4. ONLY because the opening slaps but that is all. . The art and animation is nice but the plot... uhm not so much. Couldve been a decent slice of life it it werent for the GENRE.. this is probably the most unrealistic thing ive ever watched, and thats a good thing lol. . Im sure this isnt bad for the VERY right audience but yeah avoid if youre sensitive to certain things. I really do think this goes under Rape if anything... ...
I may rewrite this, been a while since I watched it. So from what I remember:. . Entertaining show and lots of fun action. The story isn't very memorable, it doesn't do anything surprising to the viewer. If you're looking for action and some funny moments, this is a great watch. The style, setting, theme all make for a great base for a show. Characters aren't bad, I think they're all cool, nut they're nothing to go preaching about though.. . The story doesn't really explore any new or interesting ideas, just a western-action kind of series. I enjoyed the all the action scenes, they usually did something ...
The characters are so annoying and plain abusive, I tried watching it without judging, but after the end of episode 5, I could not stand listening to Kyoya talk. Like actually barf. He's cute, I guess, but the abusiveness isn't 😊 (This is coming from someone who usually loves trashy shoujo anime. Take that as you will.) The initial plot is somewhat relatable, but the execution was unnecessary. Erika should not have to be doing all that for a pretty boy (like bffr. calling yourself a dog? really? really??) I think if you really don't mind really cringy dialogue and an odd storyline, you'll be ...
As in previous seasons, Kimetsu No Yaiba is being carried by their animation and fighting sequences, although during several sections, CGI animation has been atrocious. We cannot deny the fact that most of this fighting scenes are exquisitely choreographed, to the point of each episode feeling like a movie in some regard, but the truth is that Kimetsu no Yaiba is decorative marvel, but with no substance at all.. . The story lacks any meaningful depth, and it does not try to innovate in any aspects regarding modern action shonen. We are thrown over again into a story of killing several monsters in order to get to ...
Aight simple guy simple reviews. . This anime shows how men screw things up simple. Jk ok.. . Honestly why is the rating so high it was mid. Like good but not good enough. . Soundtrack is mid. . Story is good not bad I understood everything. I don’t understand how people like say plot holes, time skips? Bro that’s how some people tell stories man. I kind of like story telling like this gives a sense that time pass by so fast for her since she lives so long. Kinda sad but didn’t cry at all. Unique plot.. . Characters are cool they grow and shitz but you know like the focus of the ...
Fooly Cooly (FLCL) is a masterpiece of the anime world that stands as one of the best, in my opinion. This short-lived anime, with only six episodes, has a highly symbolic and creative narrative, which transcends the limits of conventional logic. It is exactly in this apparent lack of sense that his genius lies.. . Through its visually striking style and exceptional soundtrack, FLCL immerses the viewer in a whirlwind of colors, metaphors and references. The symbology present in the plot represents the tumultuous journey of adolescence, with its confusions, discoveries and emotional conflicts. The story unfolds in a chaotic and surreal atmosphere, conveying the complexity of ...
this season i feel like i watched a million and one isekai, some that made the top of my list while others made a new bar for the low.. for what it’s worth, there were parts of this show that i enjoyed. mostly revolving around the dialogue centered around the ethics of being an assassin and what it means to choose to kill.. there were other moments in this show that were really emotionally packed for me and they took me by genuine surprise.. . i’m no fan of fan service, particularly when it’s reiterated plenty that the characters are written to be minors. (i don’t ...
One of the worst SAO movies/episodes yet. But I guess that's to be expected, given they skipped a 'TON' of stuff, and that it is based on the manga (which is horrible in its own way).. . If only they'd adapt the light novels, and make it into a 12-13 episode series per novel, that'd be like a dream come true. But alas, here we are. Light Novel fans, prepare to be "severely disappointed". For the rest, guess it could be a decent one ..?. . The animation was decent, but the characters felt lifeless at times., which is sad considering what they could've been. Great animation doesn't fix ...
If there's anything that can be said about Ergo Proxy, the show will make you think - either philosophically or in a "wtf is happening" kind of way, usually both. With a techno-futurist vibe, Ergo Proxy has a lot of potential but fails to come through in some respects. I spent about half the time excited about the plot/characters, and the other half just plain confused or bored. Honestly, its enjoyment mostly comes down to personal preferences.. . -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. . PLOT: 4/10. . ----- Summary:. . To summarize, the plot starts with the main character, Re-l Mayer, investigating the prevalence of a disease spreading among androids (called "Autoreivs") in her city, Romdeau, that ...
You want to watch this show? Well, in short, unless you're fine with something that's incredibly generic, I would not recommend this anime to you. If you are fine with that, well, this anime is weirdly enjoyable.. . Rating of the anime with the three categories, character, plot, and the world:. . Character: 1/10. . To be frank, this series has abysmal character writing, and it doesn't find a way to make you care about any of the characters. Any of them. Especially the main character; Cain is one of the most annoying and whiny characters that I've ever had the displeasure of reading about. Also, pretty much every other character ...
I mean, it is not that it is bad at all, but to be honest didn't have so much hype about it.. If you want to watch a fun cute anime just to pass some time and don't have too many time to watch a long one, then this is definitely the anime for you. Otherwise, I would recommend watching something else.. . The animation is cute, and the opening song is fun but the story is a little bit plain and rushed. Don´t expect something unusual or amazing because it is pretty predictable (it ends just how you expect it and all the characters have cliche ...
“Black Bullet” is what happens when the writers don’t know what kind of show they want to write and end up creating a generic, middle of the road, jack-of-all-trades of a show… and it sucks at all of it.. . . Ok, seriously, the writing in this show is abysmal. The show starts as an action show (with a little of Equilibrium (the awesome movie from 2002) vibe, then it tries, not very competently, to be a political thriller for about 2 episodes, then it switches to comedy mixed with a horrendous romcom, only to end as an action show. All in just 13 episodes. Yes, it is ...
To be honest, I wish this anime had more recognition. At first, I was not very interested but I started watching and it turns out Relife is actually cool!. . The principal theme it's creative but not so interesting, that can be saved with the characters that are fantastic and handsome/beautiful. I enjoyed the moments in every episode, I think that's the most importante thing in an anime: the entertainment, it's the key for everything. Personally, some moments of shock, sadnesse, confusion and also happinesse made me to watch until the end! And that's great.. . Honestly, I was expecting a more "wow" ending, but it didn't disappoint ...
If you're looking for a quick and easy to watch 'self insert' MC to the maximum, then look no further! This is the perfect anime for you.. There's not too much information you have to process, it's just another isekai but with no deep plot, so if you're looking for any deep meaningful anime, avoid.. If you aren't then enjoy as you see another protagonist go from zero to hero in 1 night, a person who can solve all problems and look cool whilst doing it, plus getting all of the girls along the way.. I am enjoying it so far as it's a nice break from the ...
It's like true love at first sight, you either feel it or don't. This is a "must see" and I see why, is very well crafted, the animation is amazing considering it's from 1998 and the story is very cryptic and alluring. It's very unique and special, but, because of that, it's not going to be everyone's cup of tea. This story is very episodic, with a few glimpses here and there of the overarching story and the past of the main characters, some episodes have a very good story but others not so much. The last four episodes explains everything and ties everything, but ...
The original story is pretty good, but this show is disappointing. I've read through to about chapter 1200 in the novels.. . It's a typical Chinese cultivation story start where everyone discriminates against the protagonist and they rise to the top from there, with everyone unfairly picking on them for no real reason.. . The story has been modified enough that I'm a little confused about what's going on. Certainly I don't remember any amnesiac ice girls in the story. If she's who I think she is, she shouldn't show up for hundreds of chapters yet.. . The action scenes seem to ba a CGI fiesta, but it's often really hard ...
So , I finally come to end of this big franchise series at least for now and I must admit how it ended on a good note for me .. It was little weaker then part 1 but still it had some cool moments and build up for its final that is coming with its part 3 ep 2 .. There were however some slower moments that failed to invest me fully and some animation moments looked tiny bit weaker compared to rest of show but overall this was one nice addition and people will enjoy it probably.. So ,all that is left is to wait for its ...
This is a hard anime to review -- because on the face of it, it's ridiculous. Isekai stories tend to be all about wish-fulfillment, and this one "cranks it up to 11" -- fat ugly unpopular kid goes to another world, becomes tall handsome borderline super-hero kid who everyone but the Black Hats adore while he crosses from this world to the other, repeatedly. The thing of it is: it's so over-the-top that it's funny. I don't think it was a deliberate parody; it would have been more fun if a real effort had been put into comedy. ...
Digimon Ghost Game is like watching Gegege no Kitaro, but watered down. Do not expect this anime to return Digimon to glory: it is a set of self-contained stories, which can be entertaining and that play with a large cast of evil digimon and typical Japanese folklore stories and themes to reflect on, although without going too deep. It's disappointing to see how the opportunity to make a good story has been lost. The story is non-existent and is stupidly explained and resolved in the last three chapters, since throughout the series the story barely develops. GulusGammamon takes center stage in the series in his ...
The Japanese voice acting is great, the art style is cute and overall everything is "good enough" to binge watch if you're bored. However there is nothing novel about this anime. The story, the soundtrack and the characters are all forgettable. It's not the kind of show that makes you want to read the manga after or even rewatch in the future. Nothing groundbreaking, nothing incredibly wholesome or heart fluttering, nothing dramatic, nothing hilarious. Horimiya is good but bland. Maybe for some, there is a high appeal to how relatable a few human interactions are portrayed and like to imagine self inserts? Not quite to ...
I'm going to start with immediately telling you the number one thing I wish I'd known before watching this- Gleipnir is clearly unfinished. This is the first part of what is clearly intended to be a show with multiple seasons and it ends on a stopping point rather than anything close to a proper conclusion. However, three years after its release and despite its popularity, a second season has not been announced and may still be a ways off, if it ends up happening at all, so keep that in mind if you decide to give this a go.. . An issue I had throughout the entirety ...
I've seen the ending on youtube many years ago, always was intrigued but never actually got around to watching it all the way through.. I saw here that this anime has such a low score, and while I can see where some of them are coming from- personally I feel like this entry is a little misunderstood. You're maybe one of the few that immediately got disinterested at the first sign of the main character cheating. I don't think it is fair to rate something low solely because it does not suite your tastes. So I will judge it based on ...
Notice: This review covers all three major arcs.. . First arc. . A typical shonen series is about hyperactive boys training endlessly in order to become the best in a specific field. Well guess what; this anime is also like that. It’s about a boy that wants to be the best fighter and to surpass his father, the strongest man in the world. The catch is, it’s way more focused on being brutal than telling a moral message about friendship or spicing things up with something other than fighting.. . If you got tired of watching fighting shonen or sport series that are wasting a lot of time on not being ...
Bakemonogatari is a combination of so many themes and genres that individually it seems to be pure win. Yet in reality it is just a crafty way of pandering the audience. If you want to fully enjoy it, see it as fan service with artsy artwork and not as a thought-provoking concept with fan service for garnish. At best it can be seen as an interesting series of smart gags and wordplays in a psychedelic setting of artistic expression. Every scene symbolizes something or fools around with viewer expectations by showing him slice of life moments in the opening that never actually happen in-series. At ...
Oh no. I was so happy watching this show in my high school days. But this is so depressing that I have watch this show again. It has potential to be great show but sadly its not.. . Story and Plot are rushed and it feels meaningless. Like the Direction and Phasing Story, Plot and Events in this show shoved it into your face that it loses the Mystery of the lead characters to invest in them like what happen to character or what happen to this character, it just shove it on one episode. The only interesting characters are not the Male Leads or the Female ...
As much as I hate to leave a negative review... Okay, I will be upfront and honest right from the start: I have never played the Gunvolt games, although I had heard of them. I watched this single-episode anime for one reason: Meguchi, because I'm a fan of hers and of her band, Roselia. And after watching the anime, which although released in 2017 *looks* like it came from the mid-1980's, I can honestly say that she was the only good thing about it. The animation was dated -- seriously, it really did look like it came from the 1980's. It was even apparently shot ...
Story: 7. Art: 10. Sound: 9. Characters: 7. Enjoyment: 8. Overall: 7. . This is what we call a comfort show. It's overall really cute and charming, the art and atmosphere are just unique and gives it a feeling that differs the show from another ones. The concept is really interesting, too. We may see someone who is beautiful, but we don't know anything about them and are only idealizing them and creating our personality or point of view for them; Komi in this case, is seen as wise and superior, without them knowing that she is actually an innocent and timid girl, who desperately wants friends but cant even communicate.. . Tadano, despite ...
A captivating story(maybe) with interesting focus on trade, economy and politics with some good characters, but sadly the execution wasn't great. It felt too rushed and the 12 eps couldn't expand and show the true potential of the story, the world and its characters. It all went by far too fast for all that happened. It would need 1 or 2 more seasons to expand and explain. But after all the negatives I still enjoyed the show and its world + there aren't many shows like this one that expand their fantasy world and go into its politics and economy and trade which is a ...
I like new characters in Boruto story, for me Boruto himself is a good character and story based on manga is really great. But my rating refers to series as a whole. Sorry, canon episodes sucks - there were maybe one or two arcs that wasn't too bad. Rest of them is so naive and repeatable. Unfortunately canon episodes are 95% of all and that's unacceptable. So, plot from manga I could rate even 9/10 and it is sad that studio treats Naruto universe like this. Animation is very bad in most of episodes, dialogues are lame and they make idiots of most of the ...
Insulin needed, because the glucose level is outrageous.. . This is so over the top wishcasting that it became extremely funny. I'm noy sure if this is intentional, but I had a lot of laughs.. . - Story: Loser becomes gods gift to mankind, dampening girls panties, saving puppies and inventing the cure for cancer.. . And it's not just the protagonist who becomes perfect, he's literally transplanted to the best highschool a kid can wish for, surrounded by the nicest kids in the world, without strive or disharmony. Teachers who are nice, inspiring and uplifting, friends who are in awe and happy to see this walking attention black hole.. . It's ...
Saikyou Onmyouji no Isekai Tenseiki. The Reincarnation of the Strongest Exorcist in Another World. . . This anime is your typical Isekai with an overpowered protagonist that everyone treats like a saint because he is the only capable person in the whole universe.. It's just like I said, only with the slight difference that the anime has a decent plot and progression. Until the last episode, there were several events that you didn't see coming and that were unusual. Likewise, the protagonist was given some depth through his background. Positive words aside, the anime remains just plain dull average after all, even though I found it interesting from time ...
As a fantasy anime, Chaos Dragon is mediocre at best, and if you're watching it for the sake of watching a fantasy action show, you are wasting your time. MC is whiny, the world is confusing, and the CGI is laughable.. If you're watching it because you have watched enough Urobuchi, Nasu, Narita, and Shoujo anime, then you're in for a treat.. . Chaos Dragon is what happens when you take four really strong writers in the Japanese Anime/Manga/LN industry and let them go complete ham on their favorite tropes. Kogyoku writes a shoujo protag that's endlessly bittersweet, demure, and loyal towards the MC to almost a fault. ...
What you are looking at for Sword Art Online 2 is a mess of an anime.. The whole setup is very random and also drawn out longer than you would want it to, as you will always be waiting for something to happen, watching the next episode, realizing the show is still as boring as ever. The anime’s attempt at keeping you interested won’t work, which is part of the reason why this show as such a low rating.. . Like the last season of this show, there is another arc at the end which has little to no relevancy to the main plot of the ...
If you are an anime only kind of person and don't read manga, light novels or visual novels, don't bother watching this if you haven't at least seen Unlimited Blade Works anime first. But even then, you might still struggle to understand what's going on. Heaven's Feel part 1 had amazing visuals, animation, and music, but the story telling was not up to par. The pacing of story related scenes seemed fast and some of the dialogue disjointed. Transitions between scenes were often abrupt and had little explanation for why did they suddenly visit the temple or why were they just strolling around town. I ...
This is fine anime at best. I was hoping for much more but you know it's what it is. The best part of the anime was the music 2nd place would be the art style. Everything else it's at best ok. Character development is not fun at all, don't get me started on Kiara's semi-main character, it's hard to like her even a bit, she is like a flag on the wind. We have two well-written characters, Kikuchiyo who is the brightest and most likable Samurai, and Komach sister of Kiara. She also is BFF with Kikuchiyo. The rest of the characters are just generic, ...
I am writing this review because I don't think the other reviews provide reasonable thoughts about the episode and are unreasonably negative. This is a recap episode for the first arc of Mashle in the form of a letter written by Mash to Regro. Most of the episode is reused scenes from the first six episodes, but everything new in the episode is of the same quality of the rest of the show. This episode is completely skippable but is just as good as any other episode. Some people were disappointed when the show was airing that this recap episode aired, delaying episode 7 until ...
I don't normally write reviews, but I feel like I need to put what I feel into words. The show's intro was terrible. They started with this whole edgelord personally for the MC. He was all about death death death, and more death. He wanted to kill someone for crying out loud! And where does this whole murderous act go? Nowhere, no violence or anything to correlate with how he acted in the beginning. I'm not saying violence is a good thing for a "romance" type of show like this, but the fact his whole murderous intent just disappeared is confusing. Why did they even ...
Imagine a world where bug sprays don't work, so you'd get a tiny palm-sized gun-welding doll to do the job.. Well, it's hard to imagine, but someone made manga with that idea, and someone read and thought "hey, let's animate this!" so here we are.. . It's hard to say anything about story without spoiling it since this OVA is just 11 minutes, proof of concept and proof of art work.. . Is it fun?. Yes. It's funny, old school-ish short with enjoyable character design, good voice acting, deep enough presentation to get a bit invested in the story.. Production values were rather high here. Good, fluent animation. Well presented ...
Read the Light novel or wait for the anime adaptation?. Yes, that question was asked as a topic on 1/7/2022. Well, I'm glad I read the LN first....the amazing artwork by Kukka was what drew me in initially. . So, alot of big scenes in the LN were cut....alot of these bits were what made the LN award winning in the first place, and thus landed an anime adaptation...only to be cut out? . . Now it feels like and ordinary rom-com story....why???. . Here's what made the LN such a delight to read:. . The unresolved grief and regret of Kaoru is more superficial in the movie. Does not feel that big of a deal, ...
Normally when I make reviews, there would be spoilers. However, I'll try to make it close to spoiler-free (No guarantees though).. . . What interested me about this anime is probably the poster, as well as the overall plot description. When I saw it's about a mangaka taking care of his young siblings after their parents died, I got hooked because I was expecting a tragedy anime, similar to how I feel about Violet Evergarden.. . . When I finally saw it. It's apparently a wholesome anime. I was already confused by that. I did still enjoy it nonetheless because I like feel-good stories and the poster alone somewhat tells me ...
As a fan of Teasing Master Takagi-san, I was thoroughly invested in the show and its wonderful cast of characters. The series had brought me immense joy and laughter throughout its run.. . However, I couldn't help but feel disappointed by the final movie.. . While I appreciated the animation and music, the rushed conclusion left me feeling unsatisfied. I had hoped for a more fleshed-out conclusion to Takagi-san and Nishikata's romantic journey. The movie skipped over crucial moments, leaving me with unanswered questions and a sense of disappointment. I had built up hopes for the ending from the author, but it ended so abruptly that all those ...
“Astra Lost in Space” is what happens when You take a movie from 1998 and turn it into an anime… sort of.. . In 1998 “Lost in Space” directed by Stephen Hopkins was released. It was a story about a family that, thanks to a sabotage, was lost in deep space. Their goal was to get back to earth. Along the way they visit planets, conquer adversities and grow closer as a family.. Now take that premise, turn the family into teenagers (because of course, it’s anime) on a school trip and You basically know what to expect. Now this isn’t a 1:1 comparison. The anime ...
When I watched Gundam Wing the first time all those years ago back in 2016, I was like, "what was the hype even about, what was so special about this?" While I like it a bit more than I used to I can understand why me from all those years ago was never a big fan of it despite me thinking the series is decent overall.. . I'll start with the good, the setting and world like a lot of Gundam shows are fascinating and interesting, I always loved the idea of mankind moving up into space colonies and one day leaving the earth which could ...
Plot: 6/10. The plot gets a bit boring and predictable at times, but aside from the arc about Kunikida that just felt completely out of place in the middle, for the most part it's okay. However, I do think they should've cut down on the comedy and make the show more serious.. . Art (Opening, Ending): 8/10. Art is solid, opening and ending are both pretty nice.. . Sound: 5/10. Some of the VAs are very good, and others are just lackluster.. . Characters: 6/10. Some characters are just left mysterious for no reason, like Dazai, while others have bizarre attachments to them that feel superfluous. There was no need for Tanizaki ...
I've seen many shows that saw themselves as smart, and yet, I saw them as... "okay" at best. This is one of those shows. It's full of fake outs, retcons, and other elements that make you /think/ it's a smart story, but really, it's highschool level smart. Which, I suppose it's okay, because realistically speaking, this is aimed at teens. However, for me... it's just not enough. That's not to say it's a bad, or a boring show - I /did/ watch 23 episodes of it, after all. And that would not have happened if it were that bad. Actually it had several merits, but ...
Harem Camp is a run-of-the-mill, vanilla short-form hentai series. It doesn’t really stand out in any way, either negative or positive.. . The set-up sounded quite interesting - a camping trip with one teacher and four students. I figured there would be plenty of exciting sceneries and outdoor locations for them to be intimate. Unfortunately, that isn’t the case. The intimacy takes place in various locations, yes, but none of those spots feel atmospheric or special. And that’s a bummer.. . The art and animation weren’t the best, nor the worst I have ever seen. At least it’s all very watchable without complaints. As always, censoring makes the action ...
Very interesting concept and story. A gate suddenly shows up and Japan is attacked. Japan stops the attack, then goes into the gate and well- with their superior warfare technology, pretty much dominate any forces that shows up.. . The set up is great. But after that, unfortunately the story gets kind of messy. Hard to blame the show when they've got to condense the material into 12 episodes, but it seems a lot of things were skipped. They also bring politics into the mix, which is cool- but it kind of falls short since we don't really know what each countries purpose is in the whole ...
First of all, the story or plot is sh*t. Do not watch the anime if you are expecting a good story. I repeat, do not watch for the story. However, if you like ecchi and want to focus on ecchi and the characters, then you are good to go watch. The story is just basically about a hero saving people from a "monster" that steals ecchi energy, like when you feel in love but then suddenly you don't feel anymore. It's basically sh*t, but if you like me, who likes ecchi anime. This is gold. The characters are great but they're not worth mentioning but ...
English.. This series has one of the most beautiful animations I've seen in the world of anime, not only because it has a good drawing style, but also because the movement and everything that an animation entails is quite good, but the making of the series is not of my interest or I didn't like it very much, this is a story of friends who one likes "hina" dolls and the other cosplay, where they will spend many adventures creating new cosplays and getting to know more and more, this is how You can see it is a romance but I was never interested in the ...
A schoolboy meets a schoolgirl on the railway station and gives her umbrella. You're right if you immidiately thought about love story, because that's how romances begin in recent anime. The "The Tunnel to Summer" is full of such cliches and you shold be ready for them while watching this anime like you are ready to the fact that there are little to no differences between fast foods' menus. The boy is your stereotypical male lead from modern anime: average in all aspects possible, anxious, whiny, hyper-reflective, impulsive, obsessive, self-absorbed, lacking common sense, intellectually and emotionally dull. In other words he is typical psychasthenic. The ...
Darker than Black: Kuro no Keiyakusha falls into the realm of mediocrity, grappling with inconsistencies throughout its run. While the pacing remains steady, allowing for adequate character development, the animation suffers from uneven execution. The action sequences are visually appealing and dynamic; however, the remaining scenes are flat and uninspired, particularly when it comes to poorly animated vehicles that noticeably age the series. The character designs are rather plain, failing to leave a lasting impression. The narrative, while intriguing, builds up to an unsatisfying conclusion that fails to deliver and falls short of expectations. In summary, Darker than Black: Kuro no Keiyakusha boasts a commendable ...
This version of Dirty Pair is so-so. The plot doesn't get interesting until episode 4, the character art is basic, as is the animation. The action scenes are quick cuts, and the background art is lacking detail. The voice acting is pretty good though. Our 2 MCs are only 17 and I wonder what the writers were thinking, this is an alternative setting but almost no one gets good at a job like that at that age. There are a few attempts at fan service but nothing really special. And there are a few attempts at humour, most of which falls flat. I will say ...
Going to keep this mostly spoiler-free.. I put off watching this anime for a very long time because I was sure that I would love it, afterall, I had friends who loved it, it was highly recommended and praised as an absolute masterpiece. So why, after watching it, did it feel mediocre at best?. It wasn't bad per se, but it did feel like the very definition of average. The formulaic storytelling isn't anything that hasn't been done before, but after having it hyped as the #1 anime for so long, I almost felt betrayed as the final credits of the final episode rolled. Yeah, it was ...
English.. These seem like the 30 minutes that the movie was missing, but I understand why they divided it into this little 30-minute episode, here they show us the point of view of the protagonists when the movie was happening at the same time, it's simple and true I think I expected a lot from this episode but I was left with something more interesting, I think that as such what was shown on the screen was more like an epilogue for this couple and I felt like it was the final episode of the main series.. I think that if I will get here after watching ...
English.. A series of bands, love and trauma. It is quite difficult to define what this is about, but the easiest way to say its plot is an adventure in which we are going to see our protagonists discover what they are passionate about and little by little they will see how they are progressing. their human relationships, now saying this small introduction I think I will automatically go on to say that I liked this series a lot more than I thought, it is not a masterpiece that tells us little by little the goals of the characters or that we can see their growth ...
Hatsune Miku plays a anthro military AI Assistant!. . The animation is a little cheap, but if you can get over this, Yakitori is an entertaining, if slightly cliched, military scifi show with some satirical elements.The setting of an Earth forcibly inducted into a crapsack interstellar federation and then exploited for (human) resources is quite engaging. And the characters are broad archetypes but fairly compelling.. . There is a lot of visceral gore in the show, and it doesn't shy away from depicting the violent deaths of civilians, but it doesn't push very hard towards criticism as this is still an action/adventure show.. . Watch this if: You want to ...
The music is superb. Purely as an introduction to the passion and tradition of shamisen and acoompanying song this anime could not have been better. I will always be grateful to have been given this chance to experience that for the first time. And not just one or two performances: the show features multiple Japanese artists playing together or alone, sometimes introducing us to new ideas, sometimes playing the same piece but made individual through their own styles.. . However. The excellent music and good supporting artwork are let down by the story and characters. The main character is The Troubled but Brilliant Artist in Search ...
English.. This is the definition of a series that, although it is not bad, did not interest me at all or I saw it as one more of the bunch, I know that many people came to like it a lot but in my case I did not see anything special, it is a love story which does not innovate at all but has a great premise, this is where our protagonist is not seen as a woman or the boy who likes sees her as another friend, it is a simple story which develops little by little in little during all the episodes, but for ...
This particular series certainly is a mixed bag of narrative elements.. . I'll start off by saying the series does have some unique features in that the premise for this particular isekai - a story where someone falls into another world - are certainly unique. Rounds three and four which our main character is introduced, are also well thought out regarding what the game master is asking for, and I really can't find any fault in those two rounds. In fact, I'd argue those two rounds and how they work out are definitely what draws the audience in. . There is also an attempt to utilize unique character types ...
OP: 10/10. ED: 10/10. Show: 5/10. . The common disappointment with this show seems to be that the opening and ending suggest that this anime will be completely different from what it actually is. The OP and ED have a psychedelic/punk aesthetic that is incredibly difficult to pull off, and each are a masterpiece in their own right, but if one were to search for that degree of depth, nuance, or character within the show itself, they would very rarely find it. This show borrowed ideas from giants in the anime industry, and many hoped (and likely still hope) that it might combine and surpass those ideas and become ...
So we’ve entered the era of backtrooms being used for commercial gain. Well, at least it’s Densuke28 who created the short anime, as his style likely the most suited for doing so.. . I do wonder if the company commisioned this intentionally or whether they simply commisioned something and got sligthly trolled by including a meme. Now to be fair, the commercial kinda works. After all, I have deliberately watched. Maybe simply because the idea of backrooms ad was too bizarre to me to miss it, maybe I know nothing about the product and have no interest in buying it after watching the ad, but I’ve still ...
It's complex, because the character is really unlikeable. But that was the point of the entire anime. But watching the anime was frustating. But again, that was the point.. . While I don't think it's bad, I don't think it's good either. If you're able to bear with the unlikable casts (Really, there are no one likeable here, even the better one are still frustrating) then you could enjoy the anime for the plot and to see them get what they deserve. To put it simply, this anime is a tragedy.. . Still. it's a one-time watch only, I can't see anyone who want to rewatch this ...
"Mom, can we have High School DxD?". "No, we have High School DxD at home.". The High School DxD at home: Maken-ki. . (Mild spoilers incoming). Yeah...this is, um, an anime for sure. I'll start off by saying that I don't think the story of this is all that bad, I just don't think it's conveyed all that well here in the adaptation. A faithful adaptation, this is not, here they took quite a few creative liberties in the script, granted I've yet to read the manga but I hope I'm not wrong in saying that I'm sure the mangaka was handling the story better than here - but ...
The OVA for That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime is an OVA that consists of two parts. The first two episodes are pure fanservice episodes that have no real relevance or connection to the story. The second two episodes follow immediately after the first season and are about an event that happened while Rimuru was a teacher.. . These last three episodes are connected to the main anime in the sense that they give more detail about Rimuru as a teacher but there's also other connections with the main story making these episodes worth watching if you're interested in the story of the anime.. . The ...
Sigh. What can I say... . I am quite disappointed by this movie. So many timeskips and unclear messages.. When I finished watching it I was just left confused.. I felt that the plot is really messy. We are thrown back and forth constantly. You may think that something is going to happen but no! Another timeskip! Another reality! Great!. The VA's for the characters made me laugh by how monotonne their voice was even in emotional moments. The character is screaming and crying but their voice is steady lmaoo. The animation is simple but pleasant. I think that this was my favorite part of it all.. . Dunno what to ...
Trapped in a Dating Sim is a generic Isekai. Leon, the protagonist, gets teleported to another world after a pathetic death and that's it. There is no reason behind his reincarnation as some Isekai might have. The new world in which he now lives has little or no history. After all, it is a romcom game. The other characters have no personality, they are like pnj in a romance game. The fights are done with giant robots in armor. The animation is bad. However when I watched the anime at the end of each episode I wanted to see the continuation so much that the ...
I read the manga back in like 2016 when it was pretty popular, and I remember enjoying it. So I don't know if I'm just getting older and the high school romance isn't my thing anymore, but I felt like the anime was just average good.. . For 12 episodes, the anime was bound to omit quite a few things but kudos for them to cover from start to end with the limited episodes. Horimiya had its own qualities for a shoujo/romance series, but again, the high school life wasn't so interesting. The art is nice though. It kept to the manga's art style pretty well. ...
Even though I was born in the same era this was mildly popular, it has taken me this long(2023) to finally buckle down and watch this series for the first time with adult eyes.. . I am not 100% blind as I have just learn thru mitosis of what people say around me about plot points, meme captions, and the constant reminders of "oh this series is dark, its edgy, theres heavy topics." While I have always had those thoughts in the back in my mind, I still have to say that for the majority of my time watching this, I still enjoyed the ride.. . While I understand ...
Recommended, with some caveats and surely not for everyone, but for those that like it, it'll be a nice relaxing anime.. . An important consideration is that one of the main reasons I liked this anime, if not the main reason, was the PT-BR dub, which was really well made.. . Overall, and giving a very simplified review, it's a simple, chill and shallow-plotted anime. Battles are lacking, plot is very... eh, shallow and with many holes, really; but wholesome and has great, great PT-BR dub.. It rarely ever swings into ecchi, so it's also safe to watch with children in my point of view.
The 8th MS Team is one of the most popular UC Gundam spinoff series, particularly due to its fluidly animated Mobile Suit battle sequences. And while the animation is definitely worth the praise, the 8th MS Team might not be as good as some diehard fans might regard it.. . Compared to other UC spinoffs (War in the Pocket, Gundam Thunderbolt), this series has a longer runtime of twelve episodes and takes place mostly in Earth during the final months of the One Year War. The protagonist Shiro Amada, unlike the teen protagonists of the main UC series, is a fairly experienced Earth Federation ensign who is ...
Honestly, many people seem to give this a bad review because they take it too seriously.. I for one, found it pretty alright, would likely give it a 6.5/10 for the first 3 eps. It was fast development sure, but not bad!. . Then I got to episode 4 and... LOL they could have at least TRIED to make it somewhat believable and physically possible (as it was barely the case thus far), but nope. My guy yeeted himself off the 4th floor and was completely a-ok.. (also pause at 10:47 for a big chuckle). . Not spoiling too much but episode 4 really was just so badly done in the ...
Ah yes. Campfire Cooking in Another World with My Absurd Skill. A worthy name for a refreshing take on isekai. Or is it?. I'm not going to beat around the bush. I could tell you in a 10.000-word essay written by Chat GPT that this is another tropy isekai with bland and shallow characters, stuffed into a story that can be summarized in two words that brings nothing new to the table.. But I will focus on something else. Keyword: Bringing something to the table.. This anime is going to drive you into insanity. At some point, I just couldn't bear it any longer. I spend ...
Anime about last year of school life of a girls who develop crush on classmates. Love stories told from woman perspective. You probably will need some understanding about how girl logic works before you could actually enjoy this show. Without this knowledge I didn't get past second episode on my first try. It often looks lame or wild from point of view of a guy. Plus it have feminine male cast which seems to be often the case in this kind of works.. . A couple books on female psychology is sure to help a lot to get subtext out of some scenes. Anyway, It is quite ...
This OVA confuses me. One minute it's trying to be a serious story and the next it throws all logic out of the window in favour of silly fun. The tone is all over the place and I don't know how to feel.. . Episode 1 can be enjoyable if you turn your brain off and enjoy the madness but if you think about it for even a second, your brain is going to hurt. It is so jarring to go from 50 episodes of a dark and bloody mystery series to whatever this is. I understand the appeal of wacky and surreal comedy but it doesn't ...
A romcomedy with lot of potential but not properly developed. Kindness is the key in this story. It can change even the bad luck. Kindness can transform your love rival in your best friend. The two protagonists are excellent with it, and also their friends are supportive in making the world a better place. We have jokes and funny moments, but not enough to make the anime unforgettable. Too much sweetness and few drama. Is this an issue? No, probably this is the genre the writers wanted to offer us: an ideal world where love and kindness can defeat any adversity. Let the anime inspire ...
This is just a promotional commercial for the manga, which is amazing and I highly recommend. There is no English translation that I know of. The only reason to watch this is if you want more of the characters from the manga. The animation is fine, the voice acting is fine. There is really nothing of substance here. I would highly recommend the manga that this was created to promote. It is an easy and enjoyable read. The only reason to watch this is if you want to know how they main characters of the manga would've sounded if there had been an anime.
It was enjoyable. Romance, Slice of life, ecchi, light-hearted and all's well that ends well (i.e. comedy). . Overall:. Positive rating. . Design:. The colour pallette and pacing were on point.. Background support characters were nothing special in terms of clothing design, which seemed appropriate. . Character design was enjoyable, especially for Yame. That rose gold gradient aesthetic has my heart.. ...
Nichijou is a show I may not personally be head over heels in love with, but I see a lot of what folks like about it.. . I think the main issues for me that I can’t get over is that I am not really fond of the art style in comparison to other anime and I generally think in terms of comedies there are better ensembles than this.. . With that aside, I can still see people laughing repeatedly and making inside jokes with the sketches/bits/stories in the show. I had a few and even saw a few outside the show when online jokes and images were shared ...
Otaku elf is about an elf that is an Otaku. That is all.. . Seriously that's it, that's the show. It does play with a few very interesting concepts though. Same as with (the devil is a part-timer) Elda the elf got isekai summoned to our world. The difference being this didn't just happen, she's been around for 400 years and is fully integrated into human culture... maybe too integrated even.. . The show instead explores other aspects that don't come up often in this kind of story. What if you suddenly ended up in a world were people's life spans was barely a blink of an eye ...
365 Days‘ Time is a movie that is listed as a recap for the Assassination Classroom anime. While this technically is correct the content that is actually "recapped" is pretty specific and many parts of the anime are completely ignored in the recap.. . The story revolves around Karma and Nagisa meeting at the old school building and talking about past events. Especially at the beginning and end of the movie there is new original animation about Karma and Nagisa. For the first half hour of the movie they talk about specific events that involved them during the first and second season. This is just the ...
This movie, while it does have great visuals and animation, is not that interesting story wise. Lina bumbles around for most of the movie until she stumbles upon plot but by then movie is almost over. I think pacing like this would be fine if it was in TV series, but it doesn't fit standalone movie.. Nevertheless, if you are fan of Slayers, it's a serviceable prequel that is kinda fun. If you are new to the series, please start with TV series, manga or light novels. And even if you are fan, there is better Slayers Movies and OVA's.
The movie has a lot of scenes that make me sleepy. but the soundtrack is good and stimulating. saki's personality is annoying at times. Kaji yuki's voice acting is as good as ever. Overall, this still doesn't live up to my expectations of a horror movie.. The mouse parts are boring, I wish the movie was more clear about the setting of the world rather than focusing on the magic stuff. a bunch of spells mentioned without further implementation, kinda silly. The movie has a lot of scenes that make me sleepy. but the soundtrack is good and stimulating. saki's personality ...
This season has been disappointing. The pacing is the biggest issue. Unfortunately, every tv show, book, or movie that tries to put too much into one season, chapter or ~2hr film, will always have pacing issues. Too many characters, plots, flashbacks, and scenery shots to fit into their respective time slots. The problems this creates, in this season, are obvious. Characters feel shallower because we get less time to feel the emotions they are going through or know who they are, fights feel boring despite being flashy because our brains haven't been given a reason to care about the fight since it's been thrust upon ...
Unfortunately this is one of those shows that peaks with the first episode. It started out strong with an interesting premise, then It quickly became generic and dull. I don’t mind a big tonal shift like they pull, but the quality sadly isn’t there afterwards. There is never any tension to any of the serious things that happen in all the later episodes, the main character is too powerful and there is too much levity for me to worry about what will happen. The comedy gets a smirk from me now and then at least. It’s not a terrible show, but it always leaves me ...
It worked well as an "introduction" to the bizarre in JoJo, to the more crazy stands and fights. The "badass" protagonist was a cool attempt that divided opinions, mainly because people think he has no personality, although it is more likely that most people like it, it is worth noting that he may be not as interesting as the previous protagonist. The characters of the "crusaders", as the main group is called, are all unique and their dynamic is great, the only one that can leave something to be desired is Avdol, who had few episodes focused on him, with no fight or arc of ...
I understand that it's supposed to be slow and almost iyashikei-lite, but this little happening is unforgivable. 5 episodes in and we've covered one very slow episode worths of content. Atmosphere and a sense of quality and effort are still there, but it's just way too slow.. . story: 1. nothing happened in 5 episodes. . sound/visuals: 9. As well animated and sounded as nothing can possibly be. not a 10 because there are shows where nothing happening is the point aka iyashikei's and this show doesn't do nothing as well as those.. . characters: 9. I suppose the one thing that has happened is that a few character have ...
All I can say about the anime is it is very cliche, you definitely seen some of the most common plot and troupes in anime and yes, they are all *almost* here. Some of the examples are being reincarnated by "train-kun", being the lowest status and getting bullied by royalties, cute girls, op mc and many more.. . If you don't like that then you definitely shouldn't watch the show but (very bias opinion coming), my take on this one is I personally enjoyed it. It's pretty fun and it's called fantasy for a reason, maybe it has overused troupes but it definitely has a good story ...
Shockingly good! considering how generic it looks and I mean yeah, it's everything you hate about the current generic, low effort isekai meta, but shockingly good considering that.. . Story: 8. Story setup starts off with a classroom getting isekai'd, who would've thought that this is the MC's second time? MC makes it clear that things are sus, and slowly a fleshed out history and world building gets dished out.. . Characters: 8. Generic MC and every woman is already in madly in love with him, however, shockingly the MC acts like a normal human being. It's almost as if the author has actually interacted with other people in ...
As a slice-of-life enjoyer and a massive Kyoto animation fan, I was really hyped for this. But tbh it was a little mid. The first arc was fire, no doubt about it, and the Cultural Fest arc was also pretty peak in the mystery department. The movie arc was ok. But other than that there was a lot of wasted time on romance the show didn't really pursue in a satisfying way and really boring mysteries. Idk it's like this anime tried to be both a mystery anime and a romance anime and ended up coming up weak on both. Half-baked romance, half-baked mystery, two ...
Numbness like a ginger. That’s how I feel about this one.. . I watched this because I have Crunchroll. And unfortunately, it seems that if there is ever an anime I want to watch, it’s not on Crunchyroll. Sports isn’t my genre; it’s actually my least favorite genre. But it was, however, on Crunchyroll.. . I was pleasantly surprised by the first episode. It ended with a twist that turned shounen on its head. And again, this is a sports anime, so all for one and one for all isn’t just a trope, it’s the core principal. The episode was spent building up the importance of the secondary ...
Well where do I start. I’m someone who loves Isekai. It’s my favorite genre but this anime is really cliché and somehow it gets annoying how the sister is acting after 2nd episode…. . The story is not unique it’s just a sister having a kink for her brother lol.. . What I really don’t like is that the MC has no power he is so useless I don’t even get why he is there. He is most likely only there for the running joke of his sister being strong otherwise no purpose at all.. . The anime depends on its comedy only tbh which well the comedy ain’t really ...
Part 1:. . This is the pinnacle of masculinity. The entire show is based on the pillars of it, I don’t think I could watch a show with a clearer, simpler definition of manliness. The art and music is fantastic, but the downside is the characters and story, which are usually.. the most important parts. The characters are extremely simple, there is no realness between the fantasy that creates relatable, and it does not even have a compelling story. It is truly, just two guys trying to kill each other for 9 episodes straight. But there are no other major flaws, like bad dialogue or storytelling, which ...
A figure skating sports anime, with the premise of “skate-leading.” It’s basically what artistic swimming is to competitive swimming (juuust slightly, ik that example is a bit wonky). The animation for this anime was actually very good, I found no real issues. Many scenes did give me chills, mainly Shinozaki revealing his more competitive side and the music for the final performances.. . Those were my pros. As for the cons, there is a bit to cover. One of the most frustrating issues about this anime is none other than our main character, Maeshima, who is your typical cut-out angry red-head who fails to understand any form ...
In the fantastical realm of Strait Jacket, the line between magic and mechas is as blurred as your vision after a wild night of binge-watching. In this mind-bending world, forget about traditional magic spells—here, the real magic lies in transforming everyday weapons into futuristic sci-fi mechas! Who needs a wand when you can have a metallic monstrosity?. . Our protagonist, the almighty magic user, takes it upon himself to battle these 'demons' in an action-packed extravaganza. Brace yourself for a plot that's as simple as it gets, with just enough twists and conspiracies to keep you mildly entertained. The animation is decent, but the true star of ...
The Boy and the Blue Sea follows the journey of a city boy who moves to a South Pacific island and gets homesick faster than you can say 'culture shock'. But fear not, he finds solace in an unlikely friendship with a black kid named Adel. Brace yourself for a history lesson as Adel learns about the island's past, gets angry at the Japanese invaders, and eventually regrets destroying the friendship.. . Now, let's talk about the English dub. Yes, the characters magically become English-speaking island dwellers, making the English dub surprisingly logical; given that the characters were Japanese living in an English-speaking island and had to ...
Attack on Titan Final Season Part 1 is mostly filled with good staff ,like animation that is amazing ,then action scenes that are also visually appealing , some revelations and twist that will surprise you even in early beginning, and some character changes will anger you with its ideas but all of that just add complexity to this anime and that is a good thing at least to me.. I liked also how our characters went to explore world that is beyond their bounds and how much staff like that will effect them.. There were also some sad moments that will make you cry ,expecely ...
Didn't live up to it's hype tbh. The first episode was pretty fire and it even got me to read the manga, but the story turned out to be quite boring and not live up to it's hype. The first episode was much like bait, you expected the plot to be something about revenge, vengeance, or detective stuff but in reality the story turned out to be a bunch of idoling, acting, singing, and dancing.. . Plot wise though, like I said, was quite boring, confusing, some of the arcs were just dragged for too long, and the pacing is...idk....not the best. Not bad of an ...
So the first season was kind of good but i was completely annoyed by the main character, so now that the second season aired i was kind of unsure if i should try watching it, but i did and i got exactly what i expected, even more annoying protagonist ( he's seriously so badly written) and a story that's not exciting in any way, you know every time he gets back something different is messed up it's not a suprise anymore.. . if they had given Takemitchi some kind of good character developement then i would say this is getting good, but that's not happening, so i ...
DanMachi is mostly about Bell working to become better because of his admiration for someone Ais, and about his adventures on the way to his goal. If you love adventures, anime which would motivate you, or simply fantasy, this anime might be a good choice for you. I liked the world, some of its details, however you won't get too many details as in for example "Mushoku tensei". What I liked the most is Bell's perseverance and the risks he took to get closer to his goal of becoming better, something I could relate to myself.. P.S. Some complain about the ecchi elements in this anime... ...
Having insomnia sucks. I can tell, because I've experienced it on certain occasions.. . There are few things more unhealthy for your body than a lack of sleep. Humans are made to get enough shut eye just to recharge those batteries in preparation for the next day. This is what our main lead, Ganta, appears to be suffering from. The kid is struggling, not being able to get enough of that bedtime rest and also juggling school work at the same time. Sooner or later he comes across the school's observatory which he's told is a quiet place for him to relax in. There he meets Magari, ...
If you have read the other reviews you can probably figure that Girlfriend, Girlfriend is heavily centered and focused upon it's comedy. There are moments that are so outright braindead that you just have to laugh. I don't really want to restate the other reviews because they are pretty good so I'll provide a list of pros and cons after I review the characters. The plot is simple and it's on the front page so I need not provide my thoughts on it except its satire (obviously). In any case, I enjoyed Minase and Sakisaki, and they were both quite enjoyable to watch as ...
This may not satisfied someone who usually watch romance anime/ romantic genre, and that is me. It's still a typical anime, even though its type is 'slice of life', it much boring than Tada kun wa Koi wo shinai which I highly recommend. The plot seems unique as there are love stories between colleagues, and they are not human but some have special 'characteristic'. If you love peaceful, slow flow, slice of life anime, this one is definitely for you ^^. Although, this is just time-wasting for me, predictable, not too funny... hm kinda cute too, but not that interesting. If you are finding new ...
This anime is a bit weird. The story starts in one direction then takes an unexpected oblique turn, a WTF? moment. The voice acting is fine, it's everything else that is wrong. First the MCs are one dimensional, second the background images are not quite right, they are some sort of combination of drawn and CGI, it looks odd. The character art is just lazy. And this is not erotic, just because womens breasts are exposed does not make it erotic. Because of the gore, subject matter and nudity it is 18+. While the characters have some of the character traits of the original Dororon ...
music was good; although, felt out of place at times the art is mediocre. nothing crazy good but also not really bad, it gets a pass. plot was interesting and the gimmick of the 2 movies' being connected was fun these movies easily had the potential to be anime movies' of the year, but the va's mostly delivered their lines in a monotone emotionless way. for the mc that makes sense but for the other charecters not as much. Ai, the mc's granddaughter is the only va performance that i felt actually placed some emotion behind their line delivery. Apart from one or two ...
The second season of Tokyo Revengers was aired during the sparse season. However, there was no much fuss about the sequel and number of viewers plummeted. The first season came out at spring 2021, which was chock-full of highly anticipated sequels and hyped up new IPs, and was extremely popular not only in its own season, but in the year. The second season in turn lost steam despite being aired during the season, which was much weaker. It has the same problems, not trying to develop the original concept in addition to loosing the inertia of the hype of the first season.. . The biggest complain about ...
PROLOGUE. . Attack on Titan (AOT hereon) was the most overhyped title of its year, pretty much like Madoka Magica and Sword Art Online (SAO) were in the years right before it. And just like those, it did not live up to its hype, as pretty much no show ever does. It was a high seller that was talked about for some time, and eventually ended up being a big disappointment. And yes, I have read the manga so I know what I am talking about regarding later plot twists.. . Just like it happens with all overhyped mediocrities, the thing that made it so famous is the premise. ...
This show is pretty mediocre. The MC ostensibly is already extremely overpowered practically right off the bat. The lack of awareness from the MC is fairly frustrating at times. There isn't really much personality from anyone; the MC is simply a good guy that lucked into becoming essentially perfect. The little wolf probably has the most personality so far.. . I am only continuing to watch it because the material it was based off of is apparently pretty good, so hopefully this first half of the season was just some kind of slow burn and that expectations will be subverted and the story might take ...
I like isekai, fantasy anime genre.. Bofuri S1 was pretty entertaining and enjoyable, likeable character and just like other isekai anime i've watched.. But S2 it's getting ridiculous, too easy (even only couple punches to kill boss lv monsters. Meh) and new skill it's getting nonsense. I don't know i think they rushing this season.. so rarely saw conversation between player, and. In S1, after Maple got her Machine skill everything it's over (when all player using melee and magic attack, she using mobile suit).. And what is more ridiculous?. Yes, game dev can't do a thing to beating Maple, they could've give buffs to Maple character(or her skills) on ...
In order to enjoy this, you really have to understand what it is that you are getting into and *how* to enjoy this anime.. The biggest mistake that most people make with GX is that they go in expecting something along the same lines as Duel Monsters, something that takes itself (somewhat) seriously.. GX could be anything but Duel Monsters in a lot of ways. It's more than a soft reboot of the franchise, it really turns a lot of concepts on its head. For the longest while, before I understood what made GX special, I too was part of this camp of people who detested GX ...
Mina is possibly the most annoying character someone could make, those reviews of her only being interested in stardom were not lying. She’s just so annoying it’s making it hard to watch, the other characters don’t really have that much depth either but at least they’re not annoying. Even when she’s close to dying multiple times she keeps making the same dumb mistakes and making everyone help her out or save her.. . The art isn’t bad, I actually really like it but I know some people might not like it. I think it’s good to give it a chance, but after the first two episodes if ...
I didn't really like it. It's not my type of humor. I don't really watch humor anime because it usually annoys me and I don't really get any enjoyment unless it is more than just humor. I mean I liked Gintama when they have plot but the humor gets repetitive. going back to this anime Mudazumo Naki Kaikaku: The Legend of Koizumi it just feels like haha so random XD type humor and I would not recommend watching it if you feel the same as me but some people like that so go with your hard and don't let me dissuade you.
I thought this show was incredibly cool 1st season and I struggled to not give it 10/10 despite some odd undertones that should have been red flags. Progressively though the show got way more extreme. I only started recognizing these signs and truly feeling disturbed during the third film. Having gone into the second season now, I’m kinda convinced that Akihito Tsukushi is a pedo. Hot take admittedly, the show is creepy as shit now and all of that overshadows any unique intrigue it once had. At this point in S2 I’m so stressed just watching it that my stomach turns. The show has gotten ...
Kimetsu academy is a special with a concept that could be pretty interesting; namely having the characters from demon slayer enroll in a school together. Sadly it only has 5 minutes worth of content and ends up not amounting to much.. . The story just consists of demon slayer characters going to a school together and is purely comedy. The animation is mostly non existent giving it the feel of a powerpoint presentation with okay drawn slides. The voice acting is good and succeeds in tying the animation together.. . Overall you could try watching this if you really like demon slayer, its characters and comedy but ...
This is a short three minute ONA for The Ancient Magus' Bride. The ONA provides a sneak peak of what to expect from the anime after the first season. It does so in the same style as the main anime with pretty good animation, good music and a nice amount of fairytale mystery.. . A problem with this ONA is that it only seems to be available in Japanese, however during the entire ONA there's only four sentences spoken by the characters with the rest of the ONA having background music instead. The translation of the four sentences can be found in the episode discussion on ...
SPOILER FREE REVIEW!. . I'm not too sure about how I feel about "My Dress-Up Darling". I like it but at the same time, I don't.. I really enjoyed the actual plot of the story, a boy who enjoys sewing and a girl who likes cosplaying. A really sweet, fascinating story of people being brought together by their hobbies. Though, I think there was too little emphasis on the storyline and it could have been a much better story if it was better developed.. . Unfortunately, there is a lot of of fan service going on in the show. I was able to get past that, but for some it ...
Following a six year wait since season two, and a two-and-a-half year wait since the Legend of Crimson film, Konosuba returns—with a spinoff. Stripped of its most entertaining aspect, the main quartet's chemistry, An Explosion on This Wonderful World proves rather dull; Our new cast of characters, although large, comes across as one-note, and the plot fares no better, creating an altogether middling experience.. . This review needs more information!. . Is the story unique? If it was predictable, did you enjoy it anyway because you like this genre/set-up?. Do you think the art style is fitting for the story?. Do you think others will enjoy/dislike this series, even if you ...
English.. I felt this was more like a small starting point for something bigger, like a step up from a season, it may be due to the fact that almost nothing relevant or interesting happens to see, here it is more like a season in between to to be able to see something better in the next one, all of the above seen and raised I think that here they do not develop as well as I expected not only because it is not as entertaining as the previous season, also because the animation shown shows that it gave a great bass of quality, the characters ...
It's average at best. I had a few chuckles. The idea of an alternate reality of these types of humanoids is interesting at least. But nothing exciting happens. Neither myself nor my wife were invested in any of the characters. A couple boob shots were in there, that was honestly surprising, haha. And this concept they keep pushing of "everyone's equal and that makes the world better and nothing is wrong" seems to be shoved into the viewers face constantly. It's funny they try to say their utopia is great while sending people to jail for just speaking, haha. This is a real depiction of ...
English.. A movie that you necessarily have to see the original series for you to be interested in is and the plots have a little more impact, I am sure that many of whom had one of the girls as their favorite will be disappointed, but for the simple reason fact that the protagonist did not choose her, from then on it is an entertaining film which makes everyone feel satisfied when watching it, they present us with different stories that could happen with the different members of the family, from my simple and nothing critical point of view, it didn't seem like the best ending ...
All the blood, gore, & violence this anime has yet showing nips the line? Censorship is ridiculous. It's rated R for crying out loud. Story was seeming fine but I'm not going to even bother if they censor 1 thing then probably more is to come.. Actually 1 kill to memory was very censored as well compared to the manga so, yeah, I'll pass.. . Disappointing too considering the anime is done my MAPPA so the animation is great to be expected.. unique story overall, enjoyable world building and decent characters, but nothing worth going out of the way to even bother continuing to watch thus why it's ...
Overpowered issekai-ed MC with garbage side characters and unexplained turn of events, in other words, it's your common issekai anime trash. However, I was surprised to see that in the 7th episode, a reason to the overpowered MC was given! it was way too late and the reason could have been exposed in the 1st or 2nd episode to catch the viewer's attention.. . A solid 5/10 post the 7th episode, but before that episode it was bad, a 4/10.. . - Did the characters react to situations and events in a realistic way?. Eventually all the single female characters would have an unexplained crush on the MC, a cheap ...
Who is this for?. . This is the first question that seems to pop up while watching something that one could keep up with, only because of previous contact with the manga it was based on.. . But let’s start at a beginning. It’s an early 90s OVA that comes with all the characteristics of its counterparts: action, blood, a little convoluted plot, sharp style and animated a little better than a standard tv series.. . What makes GUNNM special is definitely the source material that elevated and at the same time hindered this particular production. And while the first instinct is to judge something on its own merits, it ...
As the viewpoint of people who played Arknights for over three years, it might be different from others.. STORY:. To normal people, who never played the game before, it is quite bland. Because as the title, "Prelude to Dawn" simply the introduction of the series. So long story short, as a adaption, Yostar did a decent job. It's is predictable, just good enough to hold you for a few first ep.. But to Arknights player, well... It just acceptable so 6/10.. ART:. The animation is smooth enough, it describes the dark vibes of whole Terra, meanwhile backgrounds are quite unique. But it's still, mediocre. The side-cast are just bunch of ...
Dropped this show by Episode 3.. . It honestly felt that the story could have concluded but no, it had to be dragged on by the sheer will of one Yazuka member on its own.. . Honestly, I am not interested to see what happens as this show felt like it is now just adding plot points for longevity's sake.. . It was also funny seeing the daughter upstairs while her mother was being held hostage.. . There is no point to continue watching this show. 3 eps and I am done.. . ...
After watching the first episode, and not even being able to finish it, I was certain that I would not be watching this. However, a few days later, a friend told me to give it another chance, and so I did.. . One problem, if not the ONLY problem I had with this anime at first, was unquestionably the main character. He comes across as this creepy stalker that follows this girl and eavesdrop her conversations whenever he has the chance, more on that later. He's also this super edge lord that likes murders and wish to kill his classmate, the same girl he follows around. She ...
After watching the teaser when it came out, I really liked the premise, so I went straight to the manga. I ended up binge reading it in three days or so, and I found it quite enjoyable, fast forward to the actual anime, the first few episodes were pretty fun, but as the show continues, I found myself watching it in 2x speed. . One of the biggest differences of manga to anime, is that manga you can read in your own pace. If you want you can take your time and appreciate the art, or you could just skim through.. I only realised wich one I did ...
Movie is perfectly OK at a popcorn-level, but despite touching on a lot of themes does not develop any of them with the kind of depth needed to be more emotionally resonant than it is. Despite enjoying it overall, was the first time I've finished a Shinkai movie and had no lingering feeling afterwards, even Weathering With You left me with some after-watch feeling - although mainly as the main guy was such an annoying character.. . It's all following what has now become the 'Shinkai blockbuster formula', and while he does push at the edges of the formula (the chair), very few risks are being taken ...
When you hear the words The Little Mermaid, what comes to mind? You're probably thinking of Disney's 1989 animated movie, which is understandable since that's considered the most well known adaptation of the 1837 Hans Christian Andersen fairy tale. The Little Mermaid is one of the most famous fairy tales in existence, and whether you really know about the story or not, you're very likely to have at least heard of it in some capacity, whether through the Disney movie, reading some illustrated version of the book somebody put out, or other means. But what many don't know is that the Disney movie isn't the ...
if miscommunication and anxiety had a baby it would be this anime. Or should I rather say no communication.. . But the series is not inherently bad there were some scenes I genuinely enjoyed but it does tent to become boring after a few episodes. But still it’s cute and at the end it showcases a rather healthy relationship. So if you need something cute to shut down your brain to then this is for you but if you want exciting please retain your self from watching the bibliophile princess. . The story is not unique in any way and not a good representation of the Shojo ...
Plot/Story: 6/10. The plot of "Dies irae" presents a challenge for viewers, even for seasoned veterans of the genre. It revolves around a group of characters whose lives are intertwined across generations due to the influence of gods. While the plot is interesting, it can be confusing and complex. The adaptation overall respects the franchise, but it may require some effort to fully grasp.. . Animation/Design: 8/10. The animation in "Dies irae" is impressive, particularly after Episode 7. This is where the anime shines the most, especially in its intense and visually stunning fight scenes. Each encounter is a feast for the eyes, featuring expansive and destructive battlefields. The ...
it was pretty good. like i didnt appreciate the fan service and mitos titties bouncing like theyre getting paid to (they probably are tbh) and ig the people getting naked n shit was funny at first but i kinda started ignoring it and read 2 words of text before skipping becoz idk alot of boobage and the woman to man ratio of nakedness was just bad #equality is lacking. but anyways the food was fire and the people saying french words here and there was funny and this anime really gets u on the edge of ur seat for reals and yes anime fire. viewer (me) rating:: ...
This anime is a 7/10. The art, music and Voice acting are no doubt great for a doujin anime, but other than those aspects, it's average. The openings and endings took up a large part of many episodes, and there was a lack of fight scenes. The structure of the story didn't tie the episodes together into one cohesive narrative (unless we're talking about episodes that span across one game).. . I think you will like this if you are already invested and interested in Touhou, but If you're new to the series I do not recommend this anime.. . Art 7/10 Standard ...
I coukd say quite a lot about this season and contrary to common perception, not all of it is bad. As a matter of fact, some of the best character development this season has had comes in the later half. Speaking of halves, MHA is always a split of two arcs. One is always a school related arc, and the other, the type of arc that we watch MHA for in the first place. This season is no exception to this formula.. . Goodness me this first half is tedious. It's a slow romp through monotonous episodr after monotonous episode. I get it MHA, you have ...
Seraph of the End: Vampire Reign is an anime series that adapts the dark fantasy manga written by Takaya Kagami and illustrated by Yamato Yamamoto. Set in a post-apocalyptic world where vampires have taken control, the story follows a group of orphaned children who join a military organization to fight against their vampire oppressors.. . One of the strengths of Seraph of the End: Vampire Reign is its intriguing premise. The idea of a world overrun by vampires and the subsequent struggle of the human survivors creates a compelling backdrop for the story. The initial episodes effectively establish the dire circumstances and the desperate fight for survival, ...
I love Jigokuraku's manga. It starts as a stroll on a eerie island full of bizarre creatures and mysteries and slowly evolves into fun fast-paced adventure that plays out of its character's chemistry, keeping non-stop pace until the end. You're thrown into an island full of enemies, you need to find this elixir you don't even know is real and in front of you are these beautiful, semi-imortal beings and behind you come a crew of executioners and ninjas, and they all want your head.. I don't like Jigokuraku's anime so much. I feel like I'm being thrown from character's exposition to character's exposition (with ...
Pretty entertaining, immature some moments but mature at others, there’s some interesting moments and events that happened, the characters are interesting,. I’m not a fan of the art style though. And this anime is pretty. forgettable and just not memorable or meaningful enough.. There’s some weird and wacky stuff at the end though. that made me go “oh wow that sure is happening right now. How and why is the possible I don’t know I’m lost and just can only hope there’s a good ending for the characters I cared about because I’m not interested in skynet and their 2012 plans.”. . Entertaining I suppose but I don’t know if ...
It’s just a little better version of Mirai Nikki.. nothing more and nothing less.. Story follows kinda like it.. Hunter Games-like game on a phone. where people actually die except it’s on IPhone instead of a fliphone.. The only characters I like the most from the main cast is. Ryuji Maesaka (the skull masked guy). He’s very entertaining and likable to me, very underrated, scary on the outside but caring in the inside and has a lot of potential as a character in my opinion (that’s if there’s ever going to be more seasons in which I doubt) and. Rein Kashiwagi, she’s the serious and mature but also the kinda nice and ...
This covers the two series, and I suppose the franchise in general (I just watched the two series). . The title of this review should be:. THIS IS NOT FOR EVERYONE. The anime.. . This is a really weird anime, but the weirdest thing about it isn't what happens in the plot itself (which don't get me wrong, it is weird), but the relationship with it's audience. Why? Because it's only enjoyable if, and only if, you're the target audience. What is the target audience? Teenagers that are weirdos/who doesn't fit really well in... well, school.. . Let me elaborate on this. This anime is somewhat reassuring for people ...
Magic User's Club is an anime with a stunning visual style, where it is obvious at every turn that a great deal of passion and dedication went in to every scene. However, beneath this mastercraft veneer, is something so typical and unremarkable that it is shocking. The content within this anime is essentially what you'd get if you asked some random uninterested stranger what they thought anime was like. It's by no means necessarily bad, it's just not really all that special. Without the visual aspect, Magic User's Club would have nothing left to set it apart. Beginning with the story, it at least has ...
Hi everyone, this is my point of view on "Happy Sugar Life" anime.. . The art is great, as always.. But what's bothering me more, the story lacks to show more darkness than it actually was. I do not hope for more darkness upon the series, the show pretty much predictable if you are viewing it carefully.. . The Happiness moment is where I hate the most, because I think it's the strangest way to cope reality. Seriously? I was hoping more from this anime, guess I do not need such high expectancy.. . Overall, I think the anime is good to show and understand how psychology works but cannot be considered ...
Starts really well, and then bottoms out.. It gets severely problematic around the 2/3rds mark, and then they fix it in the only way they can, and the last 1/3rd is pointless waste of time.. . The humour at the beginning is good - very crude, definitely ecchi, and definitely pervy teenager oriented, but I remember being that age. As the episodes continue they try to edgelord Sunabouzu and as they all do... he becomes deeply unlikable. A real shame.. . There are some absolute stand out episodes where Sunabouzu/Kanta is written correctly, and is great, played well for the fool he is, but also good natured and ...
Well, this ‘Angel Beats’ is good, but it is just good. I don’t think that it is absolutely worth recommending, however, I don’t think it could be just thrown into the trash can.. . The daily story part of the anime is well done. The detailed slices of life are funny and satisfying. The emotional bonding between the audience and the characters is built up perfectly. However, when the plot goes to the climax, it collapses. The peak of the plot is not high enough to match the expectation according to the previous episodes. This plummeting plot creates an upsetting experience of watching, even though the later ...
weird ass order of events. the manga actually has a chronological order.. i was excited for them to animate it cuz it was a wholesome/laidback isekai with almost no fan service compared to others, but they messed it up by changing the art style (which i didn’t mind that much, but still caught me by surprise), some characters acted different from the manga; all of this which i wouldn’t mind if it was for the better, but it wasn’t. Also, they changed parts that made no sense on changing or it instead made it worse.. Going back to the order of events, they completely skipped the explanation of ...
While the premise of Death Note is intriguing, the anime fails to meaningfully explore it. The series relies heavily on the narrative to be well written, and unfortunately, it is plagued with inconsistencies and an over-reliance on coincidence. With more thought put into it, the anime could have been significantly improved. The animation leaves much to be desired but is consistent throughout the series. The character designs are not particularly captivating, but they do blend in well with the setting. The slow pace of the series is further hindered by characters often overthinking and arriving at obvious conclusions. However, the music throughout the series is ...
I feel like I shouldn't be qualified to make a rating of this anime, but it's required.. . I must apologize a thousand times because I'm going to get hate, but I just couldn't sit through it. The tonal whiplash between an arm being cut off and a silly little gag is just too jarring for me. Things just suddenly get super serious and then super goofy and then back to super serious. Over and over and over again. It physically made me nauseous. I'm sure that the characters and lore and worldbuilding are all lovely, but I just can't finish it because of the constant back ...
It starts rather generic. We have quiet MC with one prevailing interest (this time it is in making dolls). Then thanks to some cosmic powers girl crashes into his life (literally), take interest in his abilities and relationships start to developing from here. Bunch of fanservice and unreserved girl actions/behavior help to keep interest in first few episodes. Closer to the end of first half of the season and after introduction of supporting pair you start to realize that you will not get much from this anime besides some awkward fanservice moments, few jokes per episode and some generic mantras about hard work.. . Interaction is generally ...
OMG. Where should I begin?. . Main proantogonist is maybe the most harem character I haver ever seen. His life maybe a dream to most Otaku and anime Fans. So cringe af story and events. Its like I am playing a dating sim. IDK maybe its based on that. I was expecting another interesting other wrold traveling adventure. But NO, its about a kindest, most handome guy, who does not give a **** about other hot chicks. Its like intentianlly ignoring beautiful girls affection, to attract more hot girls and make them jealious of each other. Funny thing is, the girls actually really get jealious. Our guy ...
When it's not being completely disgusting, this show is an absolute blast. Warning for some colourism ep.9, and hope you have a strong stomach for the finale.. . I enjoyed the mini episodes approach to this show and loved the characters. I think the light romance pairings were really well executed and all the characters were given growth during the show arc. I also appreciated that there wasn't any over-explaining of the situation, it made suspending reality and joining these girls on their adventure really easy. I found it cheeky, playful, funny, and an easy watch.. . Again, the humour is very gross at times. There is also ...
It's a fine show but without much really going on, every episode and gag tends to be the same thing over and over. Taiyou says something that sounds romantically suggestive and Nishimura goes tomato faced. While it's cute at first it really starts to drag after seeing it happening again and again without much variety in the situations.. . Sometimes other characters are there to spice up things but again, it's always the same thing. Bully comes and tries to demean Nishimura, Taiyou misunderstands cause' he's a chunni. The only character who seems to have no ill intentions towards Taiyou or Nishimura is Hino whose only gag ...
First I want to state that my review will encompass not just the first season (not the extended versions), but the second season, and the first movie. These are all available on Funimation. I have not watched anything else yet.. . I was very conflicted when I first started watching this series as it is very difficult to imagine a world like this. The whole latent criminal aspect and everyone being so trusting of the Sybil System never sat well with me. It's also really hard to tell early on just how prevalent crime is in this city. There are very few options for weapons. There ...
It’s kinda nice, one of the side characters, Misuzu, is a annoying and pretentious emo written to be nice and somewhat kind hearted just to have sympathy points, the main characters are neat though I suppose, my favorite being Junichirou although some flaws from personal perspective. Other that that, I dunno, like most romance animes it takes awhile for romance to get anywhere especially when there’s constant procrastination and side quests. Ah well. It was enjoyable somewhat when it did get to the point and the main characters grow in their relationship, but it wasn’t worth the wait personally. Story takes awhile, art style and ...
Kamikatsu is a hot mess, yet it's so trashy that it's incredibly fun to watch. The animation is frankly mediocre and lazy at times but at the same time, it's done so artfully that it's hilarious to me. It creates some iconic scenes such as literally every animal in this anime being depicted in horrible CGI and the infamous Mitama tractor scene which is just some real-life video with a filter and a character's face pasted on top.. . Although the humor is pretty cheap and won't be to everyone's taste, if you don't take this anime too seriously and just turn off your brain, the ...
A feel good romantic comedy where not much happens and the story line every week is will they/won't they get embarrassed again like twelbe year olds at the thought of holding hands or being partially naked. This married couple who have lived together in the one tiny room for months.. . Season one was pretty interesting with the mystery of Tsukasa' origins. But so far in s2 that has been completely replaced with perpetual blushing and adults acting in a cutesy way that is either completely unrealistic or the reason Japan doesn't make children any more.. . The art is as bland as the characters have become, but after ...
Episode 6.. Well it was good and it had some deep moments that proved to be actually sad and tragic but that was already pretty much expected .. Here we had some nice fights but not on the level of previous episode but thats a good thing in some sort of way.. We also learned about history of Genya and Sanemi and it will probably put some tears in eyes.. Animation was once again clean and nice to look at.. So I think how some of you may found this episode good but there are some of them who will find it little slow.. Anyway , I am looking forward for ...
7/10. . beautiful visuals and strong imagery, pacing is a little strange at some parts but it's still a very picturesque movie - it's made out of 3 episodes but i would just call them parts of the same story. i think if the themes resonate with you it will be a more enjoyable experience, i liked it but it can feel forced sometimes. aesthetically very well done, though i found myself questioning the historical accuracy of some scenes. kanae was the most memorable and relatable character for me personally, and i think the second episode is the most relatable and realistic; first and third feels over-dramatised.
I have very mixed feelings for this anime and I will try my best to keep this short and to the point with little to no spoilers at all.. . The first episode was amazing, fantastic, heart warming with such an agonizing ending that left me not only with a sense of pain in my heart but longing for the next episode to be released. If you have not yet watched the first movie length episode of Oshi No Ko, I would highly recommend doing so, as it goes into my category of being one of the greatest opening episodes to an anime I have seen ...
If you enjoyed Bikini Warriors, you’ll probably also enjoy the OVA sequels. That said, these extra episodes lack some of the charm that made the original series so entertaining.. . Let’s start with some of the good bits. We get to see more of certain characters we saw little of in the original Bikini Warriors, and new characters get introduced as well. Their dynamics are different, but they feel almost as much as an adventuring party as the original crew. It’s simply a different flavor of the same concept and feels fresh. So that RPG feel is still there. Not only that, the censoring has been dropped ...
I'm not particularly a fan of dancing or performing arts anime, but this was decently enjoyable. It was a pretty simple story about the protagonists chasing their dream and overcoming some hardships that get in the way. You could probably replace "hula dancing" with anything else and the story wouldn't be very different, beyond the aesthetic of the film. Nevertheless, a movie about a group of girls becoming professional hula dancers was unique enough to keep my interest.. . Overall the characters were alright, but I do think the story could have done a better job fleshing out their motivations. That would have helped me root for ...
Argento Soma is a "diamond in the rough" with many flaws. Such has slow and tedious pacing, dated animation and an uninspired soundtrack, minus the series's introduction opening, credits and final song.. . While the flaws can be overwhelming at times, they don't undo what is in store for you, and OH BOY, this anime has a lot of twists and realizations. This makes it worthwhile to watch and is suggested for individuals that prefer a more realistic approach to storytelling that doesn't rely too heavily on action or cliches to push forward character development at the cost of feeling dull at times. It's the type ...
Initial thoughts:. . Not sure i can take this season seriously. I'm sure it was bad before, but one thing I dislike the most about this CGI style is the studio having the characters speaking dialog and then pausing to react to the other party or act out emotion afterwards with the movement trackers. Sure this style is new to the anime industry specifically but CGI is by no means new to the film industry as a whole. This is terrible pacing and timing, this in my opinion is even worse than having a delayed or bad dub, because at least we go in with low expectations ...
This anime does almost nothing original. In fact, it would be difficult for me to point to a moment where a trope or cliche is not present. That being said, the two main characters are very likeable, and their (metaphorical) journey is a satisfying one. If a wholesome story about a cute cat girl and her sentient sword is what you're looking for, and you don't mind a predictable and cliche story with tropey side characters, then I think you'll enjoy this anime.. . --- END REVIEW ---. This is extra text to meet MAL's misguided minimum review length requirement. If you're going to have a minimum length ...
Master of Mosquiton is a quirky, funny, and unapologetically 90s OVA which has a lot of potential, but falls short in a few vital ways. I'd say the major issue here is that it starts off strong, but rapidly deteriorates over the course of its brief run. By the end of episode 1 I was even prepared to give it an 8, but there's not enough staying power, resulting in an unremarkable finished product. Beginning with the story, it charts the course of this show's overall quality rather nicely. It astounds right off the bat with a world that feels alive with magic, and a ...
Osama Ranking is a disappointment with a lot of wasted potential. It is a show with a nice premise and a strong opening trio of episodes that slowly descends into an average revenge story and bad Deus Ex Machina.. . Let me explain:. (Minor spoilers ahead). . Bojji is a mute-deaf Prince in a medieval European setting with the dream of being the best King in the world.. The first impression is that the story is going to be about the emotional journey of Bojji overcoming abuse and prejudice of society and family, doing the best for his kingdom despite his disabilities. The first emotional aspect is that Bojji is ...
I wouldn't dare to say that Conception is good, because that's obviously not the case. It is, however, quite misunderstood and hated way beyond what it deserved.. . Conception is, plain and simple, an over-the-top and absurd parody of harem fiction. It nearly never treats itself seriously and simply does not function if you're looking for ecchi, romance or even traditional comedy. It's funny through absurdity, cringe, misplaced popcultural references and deeply uncomfortable plot developments that together made you question how anyone was insane enough to write it down, and especially to make it into an anime. If you ever expect it to follow some kind of ...
Great visuals and somewhat of a good story. But it's not my cup of tea. Great unpredictable characters. Bullying. Stress. But was weird. Unique story tho. Dunno if others will like it. Yes Upto y'all. Loved the experimental styles and rotoscoping and what not. But I was confused most of the time. Cause I couldn't see what was happening. It was too much happening at the same time. Really good characters such as haruko. I think it's a coming of age story. But really sure tho. Please don't judge me. Came into blindly without knowing anything. I guess it was going fire the experimental nature. ...
My Hero Academia Season 6. . . This anime is one of my sinful favorites that managed to capture my heart despite its mediocrity. I don't know why, but I love the drawing style, the setting, and the whole hero concept. Unfortunately, the anime is not particularly impressive unless you manage to find an interest in it. That's why I keep saying it. My Hero Academia isn't for everyone, as it simply can't convince in enough aspects. If you don't like the superhero and villain concept, you'll be bored to death here.. . In any case, almost everyone agrees that the 6th season, despite flaws, has undoubtedly been the highlight ...
Actually, there are many scenes of Hachiman and Yukino, but only a few in this OVA. So, I'm a little disappointed because I've been waiting for this OVA for a long time since Oregairu Kan was released. but, I don't hate the OVA. After all, this is not a canon plot, the fact is that Yui still lost😛🥴. but, I was amazed by the visuals presented in the ova this time, really providing visuals that are pleasing to the eye and the same ost in season 3. but unfortunately there are some scenes that are skipped in this ova, I am a little disappointed ...
[This is as much a review of Season 1 as it is of anything that comes after it, that being said, I am not going to directly spoil any part of the plot]. . Dr.Stone might just have one of the greatest premises in fiction. I find this statement to be a bit hyperbolic, but I fully agree with it. Dr.Stone’s premise is as genius as it is simple, sadly the show is a lot simpler.. . I am going to start this review by saying that I didn’t really have a good time with this anime, I didn’t hate it (for the most time) but I was quite ...
If you are looking for a thrilling and nostalgic anime that combines comedy, action, and drama, you should check out Ushio to Tora. This anime is based on a classic manga from the 90s and tells the story of Ushio, a young boy who accidentally frees a powerful demon named Tora from his basement. Together, they face various supernatural threats and form an unlikely bond. Here is my review of Ushio to Tora anime:. . - Animation: 8/10. The anime has a retro style that pays homage to the original manga, but also adds some modern touches and fluid movements. The character designs are expressive and unique, ...
One of the best first episodes I've ever seen in a series that basically amounts to people living their lives well.. . I like watching a good Slice of Life series that allows the audience to get blasted into a comfortable experience. There isn't any grand stakes, even for the genre, since the very objective from our protagonist was achieved around episode two. Hence, the direction reclines more on the aesthetics. The visuals of people enjoying food, observing their friends, dancing, practicing. The core of the series is all about looking at the beauty of life in a place where the city doesn't intrude.. . There's an emotional ...
*No Spoilers*. This review is for MAPPA’s anime adaptation of Jujutsu Kaisen.. . Summary:. Jujutsu Kaisen is an anime adapted by MAPPA. The story is similar to a fusion of Naruto and Bleach; however, the characters lack depth and the overall story has inconsistent pacing. The show has beautiful animation with compelling fight scenes, though the characters bring the story down significantly. I would only recommend this anime to people who enjoy shows with interesting fight scenes, as it struggles in other areas.. . Story: 4/10. This story is a fusion of Naruto and Bleach with similar fighting abilities, power systems, and even fighting ghosts. Because the show is so plot-heavy, ...
Aku no Hana is unique and very well executed. Now the uniqueness in style and topic is what puts off some people. This is why we get a score that looks like middle of the road, which is actually a result of the viewers being really split about it in ones who really hate it and others who absolutely love it. While, ironically, the one thing that everyone probably could agree on would be that Aku no Hana is anything but average. This is why it also makes sense to tag this as 'mixed feelings', because even though it's one of my all time favorites, ...
I think it's a very fun concept because a lot of people have trouble sleeping and I've dealt with insomnia all my life basically but I don't know how to feel about this series. It feels almost a personal fantasy dream that the author is playing out for themselves, making it extremely dialogue heavy with no real direction because they're kind of forced into a club they don't personally have interest in but it's something that anyone can appreciate I guess? All that has really happen is boring small talk and the characters lack personality and charm. Series like these need strong characters or some ...
I get the hype and i get the social aspect of maintaining this series at the top.. But this is a heavily overrated series with its 2003 counterpart doing a better job at telling, maybe a slightly different story.. Pacing feels extremely rushed at times with some in-betweens where it feels kinda sluggish specially in exposition time.. Newcomers to anime will tag this as the goat anime but it's a trend that's very easy to fall into if you're new to this kind of media, being one of the darkest mainstream shonen there is, is easy to access to edgy kids who are transitioning to denser plot ...
The major problem about Kimetsu no Yaiba has always been that its quality can be observed in two extreme ends.. On one hand, the visual design of the characters (obviously by the mangaka) is sublime - the costumes and overall aesthetics of the them are a couple notches above an average shounen title. This is also coupled by the choreographics of fighting scenes, as canonically most if not all "breathing" moves are inspired by natural phenomena - and as such their visuals are followed by bright and vibrant overlays of what I understand as their representations. Add in ufotable as the studio which is handling the ...
Dominion, better known as Dominion Tank Police, can best be described as an utterly goofy depiction of a truly dystopian world. Beginning with the story, the viewer is presented with the backdrop of Newport City. This is a place where a crime occurs every 36 seconds, all while most of the earth is enveloped in a toxic "bacterial cloud', and the police ride around in tanks and torture suspects for fun. However, it is all played for comedy, which in its own way adds to the bizarre, irreverent charm this show puts on. The story itself is disjointed and focuses more on gags and jokes ...
Before I started writing this I sighed. My love for Mob Psycho 100 is great. I love absolutely everything about this show. It's for excellent action which is equally original, the characters are superb and equally hilarious and the animation is simple and also very elaborate. The main thing that made me love this show above all just mentioned is its story, conveyed with very funny dialogue, OTT reactions and it's progression through the wonderful world of Mob. Well, let's just say this is how I felt before this season.. . Cop out. That's my two words to describe it. I could have just left it ...
The Quintessential Quintuplets is a romantic comedy anime series based on the manga of the same name written and illustrated by Negi Haruba. The story revolves around a high school student named Futaro Uesugi, who is hired as a private tutor for the Nakano quintuplets: Ichika, Nino, Miku, Yotsuba, and Itsuki. The anime aired from January to March 2019 and was produced by Tezuka Productions.. . One of the standout features of the show is its charming and relatable characters. Each of the quintuplets has a distinct personality and style, making it easy for viewers to find one to relate to. The show also does a great ...
Every one has already written what is there to be written by yeah. They just wanted to include isekai, super strong dude, womanizer, harem and shit like that. Into the first 3 episodes I sensed nothing of the world and the character. They could have made it so that like, he goes and spawns in a forest and has to figure things out.. . Generally, it is garbage, and I am SURPRISED that it has a 6.25 rating. If you are starting out with anime please do not watch this anime you may want to leave anime behind.. . No uniqueness, just wants to get viewers in.
Maybe I should not have watched Summer Wars following Your Name 2016 and The garden of words 2013 as they are hard acts to follow but Mamoru Hosoda third film it is not like I imagined it to be from the trailers (I had seen over the years) and it is not the film I hoped it be or wanted.. But what it is...is a fine beautifully animated film with a good English dub. If you're not looking for more than this then this film is fine.. . From the trailers I had seen I thought it was going to be a VR / ...
LISTEN BEFORE YOU BARK AT ME!. . THIS IS A NETFLIX ANIME, FIRST AND FOREMOST!. . That said, you must take the anime with a grain of salt. Like, it could be better, yes, but the story is beautiful. I loved this anime, and I typically hate Netflix animes besides Kakeguri.. . Honestly, this anime is genuinely beautiful, whether the art design or the story. I love the characters and the growth of their personalities. They are fleshed out, and the story is something that anyone within the art community can relate to. It depicts the desire to do better and the inner conflicts one may have.. . I do ...
Mecha as a genre is generally not considered to be grounded or realistic, mostly due to most mecha anime being influenced by imaginative sci-fi and the kaiju genre. Patlabor is an exception to this norm, an extremely grounded anime where the robots, named Labors, are not fighting in some epic war but serving in plenty of tasks to the general public.. . In this OVA, the spotlight in set onto the formation of the SV2 Unit, a small patrolling unit entrusted with preventing and stopping any malicious or irregular use of the Labor units. The setting is clearly inspired by Japan during the 80s, rampant bureaucracy ...
I decided to watch this movie because I had seen a lot of people praise it as one of Ghibli's best films, but sadly, it did not live up to the hype for me. Without further ado, let's get into my thoughts:. . Art and Animation: 10/10. Most of the positive things I have to say about Kaguya-hime are regarding its art style. This movie is incredibly visibly appealing, with its gentle brushstrokes and flowing movements. If I had to pick one thing that I didn't like about it, I would say that the colors could afford to be a bit more vibrant, but that doesn't detract from ...
I'll be writing my first review to warn you, dear viewer, to not do the same mistake I did. I watched this before any other Fate adaptation and the short of it is - it's not bad. The problem is that the story of the 2006 adaptation will spoil 3 other adaptations of Fate for you, solely because they are sort of a "remake" of the events depicted here. I'm not going to watch anything after Fate Zero (which is a prequal to the 2006 adaptation) because I already know the key aspects of the story, who the characters are and so on and I'm ...
Honestly, I don't know what to review about this one. It was both confusing and boring, yet it was slightly entertaining. There are two things I hate about this anime:. 1. The fact that the side stories (time wasters) take up half or at times the whole episode.. 2. The fact that the seasons ALWAYS end at the most unexpected times ever.. Each season ends so abruptly. This season ended in the middle of a fight... Not going to lie, this anime was boring during season one, I waited for season 2, and it got better, but was still boring, waited for season 3, and the anime got ...
The whole time I was watching this series, one thought kept rattling through my head, "I really miss Manglobe." The rich atmosphere and meticulous design that Manglobe brought to Ergo Proxy and Witch Hunter Robin would have been a perfect match for Otherside Picnic, but sadly that studio doesn't exist any more.. . While I haven't read the source material, the Otherside Picnic anime feels like a competent adaptation. The problem is that some stories demand something other than off-the-peg anime aesthetics. I'm aware that the novels and manga used the same character designs, but they just don't fit the story. The animators do manage to pull ...
It's been a while since I wrote a review but I believe this anime deserves one for being so controversial. This is sppoiler free.. Short conclusion if you don't have time to read my review and to answer the question should I watch this anime: you should if you don't give a crap about isekai stuff where you fight monsters. Hence I would recommend it but let me explain.. . I watched 5 episodes and was about to drop this shit show but I gave myself one last episode to make up my mind. Episode 6 is a turnabout.. The protagonist was overpowered from the first episode and this ...
This show may be considered trash by some, but I personally enjoy it despite its lack of stakes or struggle for the protagonist. The main character used to be miserable, but now he is given every possible stroke of luck: strength, beauty, skills, and even the adoration of pretty girls who simp for him. He succeeds in everything he does and serves as a role model for everyone around him. The show has an interesting visual style, but it is undoubtedly the most blatant power fantasy I have ever seen. If you're looking for a mindless escape, just sit back, relax, and watch the good ...
As a manga reader, this adaptation was both nice to see and a bit disappointing. The manga is full of world building, lore, character growth, and some pretty good action that all get cut for the anime.. They had a clear goal in mind for what point to end the season. It's a logical one, and they keep the pace pretty consistent. However, to get to that point, the show skips so much that it feels like parts and entire characters are missing.. . For example, the manga has a mini-arc and fight scene in the mines that's completely skipped. It's one of the only times the protagonist ...
I like the manga, so it sucks to say that the anime is terrible (like so many other Isekai adaptations).. . In the manga, the story and characters seem quite generic at first, but that starts to get more interesting once the actual threat arrives.. However, this anime adaptation rushes through everything at breakneck pace, so the characters can't breathe and nothing is able to sink in. It's also failing to even let the cool moments just be cool, since they're going so fast and treating every scene like a joke, so even the power fantasy aspect falters.. . Watching this, it's like the anime it trying to force ...
the succinctness of a single sentence! "This is quintessential quintuplets with more ecchi and a bit more shallow." An astute observation, indeed.. . Let's break it down—the lineup seems familiar: the music-minded protagonist, the physically adept yet not-so-sharp girl, the fiery redhead, the central lead (the seeming beacon of normalcy), and the intelligent yet somewhat detached girl who embraces fan service after a sip or two (now, that's a slight twist).. . If you're missing the quintuplets and seeking something akin to that vibe, well, this might just slide neatly into that space. However, beyond that familiarity lies an anime ensconced in the realms of ecchi harem, proficient ...
I'm not saying that the storytelling is weightless, but at the end, I felt like nothing happened here. Looking back at the past two seasons, it's all the same as the movie. Nobody can die, there is no real change in any character, and there is no character regression in the second season. The only thing that's certain is that enemies become friends. There is no betrayal, no main enemy to challenge them. The only challenging moment was when the Falmuth kingdom attacked Tempest with Clayman. They were overwhelmed, Rimuru was nowhere to be found, and everyone in the city was killed. Okay, berserk mode, ...
Well so I’m in the population that watched this one first.. . The story is quite dear and emotional. It’s similar to Steins;gate in the execution, motivation, and even animation. This was what I think the story aimed to be. However, it fell kinda flat for me. The biggest problem is the length. There’s honestly not a whole lot to the story, so the pace of this movie dragged so much. I was bored for a solid chunk of this movie. The voice acting was bland with low energy and emotion. There’s still good moments, but different problems saturated out the good parts. 6/10
First I'll preface this by saying I genuinely enjoyed this show. It was very entertaining and definitely got me hyped. But I felt very frustrated many times so this is me letting it out LOL.. . First of all, the way the games are animated pisses me off. The shots don't actually show the soccer playing--the frames are almost always static. I feel like the exhilarating part of this show should be watching and ACTUALLY WITNESSING how the game goes down, but instead, you end up being heavily reliant on the character's dialogue or thoughts to know what's happening. And for a soccer noob like me who ...
I've been an Uma Musume fans from the game release back in February 2021 (in turn, fan of the real Japanese horse racing as well) and consumed all of its media since then. So I was very delighted when they announced the production of this anime and season 3. While I enjoyed the overall content of this anime, there are some points that I'd like to address.. . PLOT: 7/10. I would give a lower score if this is a full season anime, but since it's just a 4-episode ONA I give it a loose pass.. . The pros:. + Reference and accuracy with real-life events. Somewhat comparable with faithfulness to ...
I've been looking forward to this one. Serial Experiments Lain is one of my all time favorites and I have enjoyed all of this character designer's other projects. However, despite the animation being just as strong as his other shows, this is the first show of his that I was mostly disconnected from the story and the characters. This led to a lack of immersion and boredom creeping in by the second half. While I did finish watching the show, I was partially forcing myself through it.. . Several of his shows he is attached to, including this one, are avant-garde/arthouse that explore deeper meanings and themes ...
Bubble is a visually stunning ONA that appears to exist solely for animators to create cool parkour scenes. The story is rather average, with many of the romantic elements being unremarkable. The setting is interesting but underdeveloped, serving only as a backdrop. The animation is well-done and utilizes many dynamic camera angles, which can sometimes be jarring but are mostly well-executed. The standout aspect of the ONA is Uta, whose character is exquisitely designed and steals the show whenever she appears on screen. Bubble is undoubtedly a feast for the eyes, showcasing impressive animation techniques and visually striking parkour scenes, but unfortunately, its lackluster plot ...
anime with a pretty good opening to watch At the beginning of the story I was presented with a good character and presentation To be honest I like it.. . The cute character design makes me smile to myself when I see it and when I saw the studio that made it was TNK I really commend him for creating this cute and beautiful character.. . But unfortunately that was the first time I saw it, when it reached episode 7 I started to feel bored, the storyline that is not clear is said to be a sword duel competition between groups but as if it just passed by ...
Anime Genre Roulette 🎰 Review 8 🎰 Space. . Was this anime worth the hype? The short answer, no. . It's peak 90s animation and gorgeous world and character designs make it a feast for the eyes, and of course we can't forget the most adorable little fluff-ball Ein. But this show is the most classic case of style over substence. 5 episodes in and i've yet to find even one memorable moment, like i literally can't remember any of the plot from previous episodes i only watched a few days ago. . Maybe the story just didn't click with me, but aside from a few fun jokes here and there, this ...
It is what it is, an OVA.. . I am completely unaware if there will be more projects related to this franchise, but at least this OVA did not feel like an end, in fact I would not say that it is the final one.. . The plot of the episode is similar to that of any oregairu episode, nothing relevant except for the reactions to what has already been seen in the third season.. . The animation is excellent, there is really nothing to add here.. . It strikes me that the personality of the characters does feel as if it were a farewell, showing the best of each one, but in ...
The anime starts off by giving the İsekai genre a "unique" mix by making the generic self-insert MC to have experience getting isekaied twice, thats the selling point of this show. The whole class gets transported to Isekai where they experience some hardships like being thrown into a war, having to train sword & magic everyday and so on. This anime shows us that the MC Setsu is all familiar with this world and its residents, yet we don't see much explanation of his past deeds and experiences beyond one or two lines. It's like the show tries to go the easy way by hiding ...
Much like the prior season the characters are still stupid and unrealistic, and the shockingly bad comedic timing still kills EVERY emotional scene. That being said the show is carried by 10/10 animation, and awesome action scenes. When the pacing is good this show is great. When it slows down, and the dialogue plus """"hUm0Ur"""" rears it's ugly head, the series becomes a real struggle to watch. Recommended for: Fans of the previous series, or those who don't mind terrible characterisation.. . The characters are genuinely invincible... This classic shounen trope has NEVER been abused as much as in Demon Slayer, and it causes every fight to ...
Story : 6. Animation : 8. Voice/Sound : 8. Character : 8. Overall : 7.5/10. . The story in the anime can be said to be quite chaotic. This anime has a quite alluring spice of romance with the addition of some dramatic and memorable drama flavors. Even though it has a slightly cliche post-apocalypse storyline, this anime's story can still be said to be quite interesting with everything and its mecha mechanisms. This anime, which tells of a boy who is looking for the meaning of life besides carrying out missions and carrying out all orders like other children, gives quite an impressive message in terms of life and romance, ...
Plot. MC is an introvert bookworm and author. MC parents die. A stray cat is separated from its younger siblings. MC adopts a stray cat. and life slowly starts changing for both of them become a family.. . We are reminded of the sob story of dead parents and separated siblings in every episode. Lots of flashbacks. Both the MC and cat act like tragedy heroines suffering from past trauma. This is annoying at times. we do get to see all kinds of warm memories of both MC and the cat, so it is still worth it at the end.. . I would not call it the best SoL. ...
Appetizer before the second season. . Its a quick binge and only contains 3 eps of 20 mins. The story is quite basic but it's got the same relaxing vibes and subtle humour of the main show. Most of the show is set in the countryside and the animation is beautiful transporting you into the world. You get more context about the world in which our main characters inhabit. I would recommend it as it's only an hour long and if like me you want to refresh your memory as it's been a while since the first season. But it's not a must watch.
Just finished series, so this will be a quick and fresh summary free of spoilers.. . First and foremost, the thing I totally don't get, don't approve, and which stained my experience was the amount of sexual innuendos and jokes orbiting around minors (13 or less).. As you probably know, this is classic "boy but now girl" setup, and it felt actually a bit refreshing for being less serious setting of high school genius sister devising a plan to re-socialize her shut-in NEET older brother by turning him into a girl using her genius knowledge of some weirdest chemistry ever. That was neat.. Animation for most of the ...
I felt the need to write a review on this... so here I go. I haven't gone past 25 minutes. I moved my mouse over the rest of the prologue.. I do not like Oshi no Ko. Though I do understand that some people may like it, others may love it and for what it is trying to achieve... it seems fairly good.. . My review is more of a warning based on my *personal* opinions. The main character we follow in the prologue is a 30-year-old man crushing over a 16-year-old idol. Once he reincarnates into the baby of the idol, he shows bits of progress in ...
This is the oldest Anime I've watched so far and maybe that's why I expected something much more worse yet I found myself more surprised than I had initially expected. The entire movie gives off the vibe of old Disney movies, only that this one doesn't have a happy ending and instead focuses on loss and tragedy. I found myself feeling for some reasons very nostalgic whilst watching this because it reminded me of old tales I used to read when I was a kid. Would I recommend it? It depends because I feel like this story and (obviously) it's animation would have little to ...
Meh.. . That single word is probably the most accurate way I could describe this series.. . Bear in mind I did wait 10 episodes to drop it, more than any other series which I’ve dropped so far. Nagiasu is just the epitome of- well- boring. Even with the heightened ‘tension’ around the middle, the series just simply failed to make me care enough about any of the characters to really be sad about what was going to happen. The stakes just weren’t there.. . I went into this expecting a supernatural adventure, but got more of a teenage romance / Love dodecahedron than anything else. You could remove the sea ...
Burn the Witch comes across as a promotional trailer for a bigger series rather than a standalone experience. It has well-designed characters and an intriguing setting. However, it feels superficial. And with the short runtime the plot feels rushed and underdeveloped, with little room for character growth. Despite the promising premise and visually stunning art, it is difficult to recommend in its current form, as it lacks substantial content and ultimately feels incomplete. Burn the Witch holds much potential, and it remains to be seen whether it will ever be fully developed into a more fleshed-out series, making it an interesting prospect for the future.
Episode 1: Impressive beginning, lackluster ending. I've really been waiting for this ending. We've all been waiting for it for 9 years. Based on the amazing experiences that viewers have witnessed throughout the 4 seasons of AOT, it's not hard to say most of us have high expectations for the final 2 episodes. I was no exception. I will not specifically evaluate the obvious and separate content such as Art, Music, ... because we have one more ep ahead. I'll just focus on the emotions, the story.. The story is divided into chapters, and ep 1 consists of 2 chapters. Regarding chapter 1, I would probably like ...
I really, really wanted to like Mahoutsukai s2, but alas, Studio Kafka has not managed to replicate even a tiny bit of the magic that Wit did with season 1.. . When it comes to adaptations of highly atmospheric fantasy manga filled with gorgeous panels like Mahoutsukai, the expectation is always that the studio will focus on capturing those elements, since that's where they can really shine. In a story about magic and beauty, sound and visual design are everything and without them, the work will simply not manage to stand on its own ground, since, in the source, sacrifices are being made in the storytelling to ...
Oshi no Ko. . . Aka Akasaka is the author who fascinated me with "Love is War". It is rare to find such a diverse and creative comedy show, I was captivated by the talent of the author. After experiencing the hype of "Oshi no Ko" for quite some time and discovering that it was the same author as Love is War, my curiosity was immense. After the first 3 episodes, I can't say much about it, but I get the feeling that Akasaka isn't exactly made for dramas.. . Since I only know the anime, I can only write about it exclusively. This show undoubtedly possesses a concept ...
I completed this show for about 2 times now and I say it was quite enjoyable to watch BUT, i know everyone is saying the fillers ruined it but for me honestly, The fillers were funny okay idc if it sajdgfvjua with the story they were funny and I think that's what naruto for me is about, it was boring sometimes but watching the gang just hang out before the sasuke ran away arc thing happened was tbh one of the most wholesome scenes in anime I've watched. The fight scenes were interesting, some villains were okay but most I loved. I know some ...
Your average overpowered Isekai. Still a good watch but the ending was a bit rushed and didn't do enough story-telling.. . I absolutely love the idea of Isekai. So, I rated this pretty high. However, the progression of the series (which felt steady and natural at first) suddenly became a rollercoaster the last couple of episodes.. . I liked the idea of the plot twist towards the end of the season, but even that I felt wasn't properly ushered in. It was alluded to, surely, but to be given an episode out of the blue about it felt thrown at me. I would have liked a bit more ...
Kidou Senshi Gundam: Suisei no Majo is a promising first step for the series. While the season starts off slow with a focus on character and story development, it eventually builds up to an exciting climax. The narrative is well-crafted, but unfortunately, the ending leaves the audience hanging without a satisfying conclusion. The characters are unique and compelling, each with their own motivations. However, the implementation of CG is subpar, especially in the earlier episodes, and too much screen time is given to side characters who don't add much to the plot (at least in this season). Overall, Kidou Senshi Gundam: Suisei no Majo is ...
Honestly, this movie is pure heaven for the people who just care about the animation, art, and music in the film. It's one of the most visually stunning animated films I have ever seen and my eyes felt like they were in heaven the entire time. For me, it was worth every penny for the movie theatre ticket so I could get the full experience.. . HOWEVER if you're expecting this film to blow your mind or even make you critically think at all you're going to be disappointed. Everything in the story is extremely predictable to the point where it feels like you have already experienced ...
tried watching midori in like 2021 or 2022 cus people kept saying it was so disturbing and weird and so when i watched it, it was just so random and disgusting. like every single character is disgusting. tho i feel really bad for midori. the movie felt like the point was just too make it as gory as possible and the story line was not as important. it was a bit entertaining somehow tho. maybe it was entertaining to see midori’s life choices?. . im sure most people would also think this movie is weird and digusting. but im also sure that some people would enjoy ...
Kyuuketsuhime Miyu is an OVA series that features a compelling, unpredictable plot and interesting characters all shrouded in a cloak of mystery. The animation is of high quality, but the excessive panning and zooming techniques undermine the talent of the animators, resulting in missed opportunities for dynamic scenes. The main character is complex and well-written, contributing to the series’ appeal and making her a standout character. However, while the plot is engaging and builds up suspense, it remains unresolved, adding to the air of mystery but leaving the viewer feeling dissatisfied and yearning for a more conclusive ending. Ultimately, Kyuuketsuhime Miyu is a peculiar series ...
It’s aight- it honestly didn’t live up to the hype for me.. . The story was pretty predictable, nothing really too exciting. I guess you could say there was 1-2 “plot twists” in the show but they were not doing much for me. Throughout watching I got bored then a little excited just for me to be overall frustrated and the cycle goes on repeat. This story had the potential to be something great but it fell flat for me. I wanted more interaction and just more from the Major. Her character just disappointed me a lot. Wish the author did more with her. ...
Oshi no Ko is a story that undermines itself.. . [This review contains spoilers for episode 1 and minor spoilers for the rest of the story.]. . . Let’s start the story, with the only thing that truly mattered, the poster girl, Ai.. . For those who are already caught up with the first episode, stick around because this section lays out some important foundations regarding Ai's character, and its also a really short segment.. . Ai was 16 year old idol, who like many 16 year old girls, made a dumb mistake and who got knocked up with twins.. ...
This show is fun as something casual to turn your brain off to, but don’t go in expecting much more.. . It suffers a lot of character bloat, which means most of the characters don’t get time to develop and end up being very flat. While the show tries to parody anime tropes, it doesn’t really do much different than other anime so it just ends up largely the same as the things that it tries to parody.. . I think the show is very cute and charming, which is why I think it’s more something to just watch if you’re in the mood for just a simple ...
It’s hard to give my overall feelings on Another because it goes up and down a lot. I have a lot of issues with the show: sometimes extremely important plot details are explained very poorly, the tone gets too bright at points compared to the start and I often found myself frustrated because characters withhold huge information for reasons that are questionable at best.. . However, I enjoyed the very start and very end of the show a lot. The atmosphere and mystery was really strong at these points. Also, the soundtrack and some of the set designs are really amazing and suit the atmosphere perfectly. Since ...
Koro-sensei Quest is a pretty good parody which retells the story of assassination classroom in a different and less serious setting. The anime is very self-aware and makes sure not to let things get too serious or get stuck on one trope for too long which makes it enjoyable to watch.. . The story in Koro-sensei quest is mostly the same as in Assassination Classroom but instead of a normal school it's a magic school and Koro-sensei is a demon lord. The order in which events happen is reminiscent of Assassination classroom but some events are switched around, some are left out and some didn't appear ...
MahoYome: Aisatsu is a 45 second chibi animation which means it's faster to watch it than to read a review so that's exactly what I'd recommend you do. However if you do want more context; this animation serves as an introduction to MahoYome which is a chibi animation with 24 episodes of 1 minute each.. . This animation can be used to determine whether you're okay with the animation, sound and voice acting of MahoYome since they share the same artsyle. Overall the animation is bland since it's a chibi animation but there are vibrant colours. There's a tiny bit of comedy in this animation as ...
MahoYome is a collection of 24 short chibi animations. Instead of the mystery feel of The Ancient Magus' Bride, these shorts instead focus on comedy which they do surprisingly well. The events that happen in the shorts are mostly unrelated to the main anime and don't add anything to its story.. . The animation in the shorts isn't great because it's chibi figures moving around but the colours used are very vibrant which works pretty well and makes it more bearable. The voice acting is just fine and there's often some background music creating a similar atmosphere to the main anime.. . Overall it can be fun ...
-Unlikeable protagonist that’s very hard to root for. -Complex character dynamics that leave a bad taste. -Sub-par animation. +Bubbly, eye-catching designs. +Pleasant, classic soundtrack adds to melodramatic tone. . It’s stated the definition of Marmalade is a fruit spread made from boiling water, sugar, and citrus peel, resulting in a combination of sweet, tart, and bitter flavors. On the surface Marmalade Boy is just that: a sugary tale of growing pains and finding love between two members of the same family. Bright colors, a classical soundtrack, and characters with wide, emotive features draw the viewer in. However, the resulting melodrama may leave a sour taste for some.. . Watching step ...
Want the best ecchi out of the whole show? Go to episode 7 and watch the teacher. Her half episode is better than everything else in the series.. . This really wasn't as bad as what it could be. Serious ecchi without nudity. There is a lot of lewdness depicted throughout the show, which I think comes as a surprise to nobody. Just be prepared that it is as suggestive as it can be, down to the point of absolutely literal actions and results.. . . There really is love and care displayed between all of them, especially by the sisters. So many people would label this as incest ...
Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood is often lauded as a masterpiece in the anime world, yet I struggle to see what sets it apart.. . Firstly, while many praise its complex narrative, I found it overly convoluted and hard to follow. The plot frequently introduces new characters and subplots which, rather than enriching the story, seem to only confuse and distract. It is as if the series is trying to juggle too many narrative balls at once and ends up dropping them all.. . Secondly, the characters, despite their number, lack depth. The Elric brothers, despite being at the center of the story, feel like archetypal shonen protagonists, lacking the nuanced ...
a good story with average manga adaptation, the first few episodes felt too shoujo for mature theme , it kinda filled with sarcastic expressions and I really think it will fit with this kinda of stories regardless the anime itself has some good moment during the last episodes besides the mysterious vibe from the manga however I believe they can do more than that otherwise I think newcomers will like the anime it's kinda underrated but if you coming here as a manga reader and looking for something good don't expect too much .. . . the animation was good I don't have much to discuss about ...
This ONA about The Irregular at Magic High School is a chibi animation about Tatsuya's powers. It follows the same format as the other 6 ONA episodes listed as this show's prequel.. . This ONA has really poor animation because it's just chibi characters speaking. The main reason for watching this would be to gain a better understanding of Tatsuya's powers which weren't explained too clearly in the anime. You could also watch the ONA if you really like Tatsuya and Miyuki as characters and want to see them interact for an extra 3 minutes.. . Overall this ONA is not worth watching unless you want to ...
This ONA consists of 6 short chibi animations about the anime: "The Irregular at magic high school" and explains some of the concepts in the anime. The animation with chibi characters is plain bad and there are only two reasons to watch this as far as I can tell.. . The most important reason you would watch this ONA is to understand concepts from the anime since they're explained a bit better here. If you're just watching to understand a certain part of the anime then you don't have to watch any of the other episodes since there's no storyline. The episodes explain the following ...
Heavenly Delusion....what a weird name but seriously ,this show is ...........................ok. . So this is my first review and I'm not gonna try to appeal to the manga readers wishes or give an overwhelmingly bad score just because of the "nothing personal " grindset mal reviewers are used to having.I'm just going to dump my personal opinion and you just make what you want of it.... So what can I say about this show..... . Eh.....5 episodes so far ,and while i am invested in the world building,it kinda sucks how much tension this show DOESNT have.. Like seriously the main characters can fight a bunch of bandits, man eaters,everything....which ...
haha it go brrrrrrr. . . In all seriousness, Trigun Stampede in my own perspective and opinion is somewhat a fresh take to the classic Trigun. As someone currently reading and watching the ORIGINAL, it's definitly a different story, however it's kinda messy if one wants to understand the whole lore which is just spoiler territory.. . Yet overall, Trigun Stampede is a good watch for a feel-good anime with some heavy topics in some episodes. (idk if this is a spoiler so i apologize but your already surprised in the first ep, assuming you; the reader of this has seen the trailer) It can be an easy all-nighter watch ...
Kimetsu No Yaiba is overhyped... Is not the reason for this 7. I've watched it while the episodes were still coming out slightly before all the fawning over was in. You ever watched Spider-Man: into the spider-verse? Kimetsu no Yaiba is a lot like it, because the only thing I can give it some very real props on is the animation and sound. Everything else unfortunately falls on its a**.. . The characters are bland and forgettable. Pretty much every character (except a few more special characters and demons) has a unchanging and boorish descriptions that give it the feel of a generic Shonen. Even the abilities ...
Bloodiverse is the representation of the 'random bullshit go' meme. Every event happening in the anime has no explanation and you be prepared to follow this rule: expect the unexpected all the time. Nothing is explained, nothing is foreshadowed, stuffs just happen because why not. There is no established rule for the world, no worldbuilding, and literally any shit can happen: from someone becoming a werewolf to someone becoming a blade by touching a naked red statue found inside tremors monsters.. . Also the contrast tone of the series trying to force a 'drama' tone while ridiculous stuff are happening on screen is hilarious... Don't know if ...
Much as it hurts to say this, I can't recommend this anime to anyone other than fellow BL junkies. I don't know if the source material is any better; I've yet to check it out and don't intend on doing so anytime soon.. . My first impression of the story was that it "definitely has the potential to make for a real cinematic experience". Kind of a weird thing to say about a shounen ai, I know, but hear me out. If the source material was handed over to Comix Wave Films or Studio Shaft, or some other A-list studio; and of course, handled with care by ...
I think that I am one of those 1% persons who watch this series for WWII lore, but I must admit that is pretty accurate whit this (like the planes, the ships, the tanks, the sounds, people, etc), at levels that I could not imagine everything ok and very very well done, even the sounds of airplane engines. the history of the series in general is good enough, but the quantity of ecchi content for me is more that I can sometimes tolerate. I think if you are a person that like lore of WWII o like to see a loly girls shoot something and ...
I watched this as it was coming out, and tried rewatching it.. . It feels ether like it’s not rewatchable OR you have to watch it one episode at a time like it’s airing on the tv, and ponder the episodes for a few days before watching the next.. . So there’s a way to enjoy this anime,. It’s just not to binge it. Take your time and go slow…. (I am not saying the show is amazing, but it is good if watched right). . It says i need to put more info for the review so i guess it’s time to rant because i like straight forwards and straight laced ...
Vinland Saga's first season impresses with its captivating storytelling and finely crafted characters. However, the animation falls short. Particularly, the utilization of CG, especially in the initial episodes, lacks seamless integration and fails to contribute significantly to the story. The grand battle sequences also suffer from lackluster visuals, failing to meet expectations. Additionally, several background textures clash with the show's aesthetic, resulting in a less immersive experience.. That being said, the narrative and characters are really well done and show the potential of the series. The accompanying soundtrack deserves recognition as it effectively heightens the emotional impact of various scenes. Vinland Saga undoubtedly holds great promise, ...
Very likable characters, keeps you on your feet and just an overall good storyline. Story is not too predictable, if you don’t enjoy Idol shows you still might find this enjoyable as it has other themes in it as well. Art-style is cute but has its mature graphics to balance it out. Characters have their flaws and aren’t overpowered as hell, I think it’d def worth a shot! Ai is so cute and it’s nice that the premise is as long as it is, I feel more animes should do the same. I would still say mixed feelings though because it may not be your ...
Since the first episode, i found this anime pretty interesting. It has a pretty unique concept. the 5th episode is probably the turning point of this anime. I hope more people will watch and appreciate this one. Hoping that things get better from this point on.. . The art style is good, not the best but good regardless. Not to intense but no too soft either, its fitting.. . MC is pretty cunning and strong but still a normal human (not OP). Some chara are strong but can't be considered op.. . Try it if you like trying something new. Honestly, i appreciate these kinds of unique settings ...
The Unessential Quintuplets.. . Listen, if you've read my reviews you know that I love ecchi nonsense. If the anime titties, ass and thighs are good, then I can get through even the stinkiest of garbage harem anime. I’m a simple man. So when I see an anime which could be summed up as “What if The Quintessential Quintuplets but ecchi?” I was all in. Unfortunately, where The Café Terrace and Its Goddesses differs from the Quintessential Quintuplets is in its completely insufferable cast.. . When Kasukabe visits his dead grandmother's beach café to prepare it for sale he finds five of the hottest squatters you could imagine. ...
TLDR: After watching the movie I honestly felt like it was a waste of time. Was it a good movie? It was fine. Is it worth watching? Only if you have time, there are a lot of anime/movies to watch rather than watching this one. If you have not watched Wonder Egg Priority then watch that instead, both have quite a similar story and setting and in my opinion the latter did it better. Watch this movie only if you have spare time(which means you dont have any anime back log, go clear your back log first... I am pretty sure that decade old anime ...
NGNL had the potential to be a really spectacular anime. I was hooked within the first two episodes or so. But it has the issues where it falls into basically every clique it could. Not to mention that everything just kinda felt too easy, it went for a route where you were kinda stuck in a situation of watching the main characters outsmart the obstacles, but it was really poorly executed.. The design however was spectacular. Just a really well designed anime artistically. Disregarding the scenes where I was left confused(or uncomfortable for a few) I was constantly impressed with what I was looking at.. . Overall ...
Originally, I dropped this show because it didn't interest me at first. Watching it thoroughly, I can say one thing. The MC is kind of boring. The same old short black haired overpowered MC but this time he's sprinkled with some pepper instead of salt. At least there's taste, but without the salt, it comes off a bit strong and attempts to cater to those with a Edge Lord attitude. It's different, credit to that. However, this show's main problem is that it wants to slowly build up it's story and they don't keep you with tasty appetizers for the main course. The main plot ...
If your expecting a good quality show with good plot, character developments, good world building, etc. please watch something else. This show is meant to be enjoyed by trash isekai enjoyers (like myself) and others who dont exactly care for something of “good” quality.. . The one positive thing I can say about this anime is the 2D art. It is absolutely gorgeous! The only problem however, is the animation itself. This was made by studio Millipensee who are also known for making the butchered CGI adaptation of Berserk. For every action scene in this anime, there is some form of CGI. This definitely brings the ...
Bubblegum Crisis is an OVA series that thrives on a great artstyle and well animated action. However, the rest is average. The narrative is weak throughout the series, with some plot points never being explored. With the exception of several scenes none of the characters are really developed. While the action is well animated the other scenes are lackluster in comparison. The designs and overall artstyle, as previously stated, are a joy to look at. The action scenes are fun to watch and well executed. The animation seems to take a backseat towards the end of the series ...
The plot points they decided to change from the original prove a disservice to the story. As a result, the character relationships feel inauthentic or nonexistent. It feels as if it's trying to rush the story towards an end-goal before it has a chance to build up its own supporting plot-points. It all feels very watered down - less colorful and vibrant as before.. . I appreciate some of the updated fashion — though some choices are a bit over the top. Another thing I like is how the opening and ending songs reference the original's... that was a nice touch. Otherwise though, the plot, characters, and ...
Tokyo Harem-ers.. . In a school full of delinquents and maybe three to four normal people our complete dork of a main character inherits a magical forehead thing from his grandfather's scroll that hypnotises all delinquent girls into falling in love with him at first sight. Our dork protagonist luckily realises that’s pretty fucked up so in order to break the love spell he tries his dorkiest to turn his growing harem of bad girls into respectable good girls.. . Whilst I like the premise the execution needs work. There always seems to be a large negative that outweighs the amine’s positive points. An example is the art ...
First off let me start by saying I like the isekai genre very much, a bit too much perhaps, so take this review with a grain of salt.. . So it's the typical MC transports to the VRMMORPG he plays a bit too much. Where this is different from a lot of other isekai who follow the same general plot are two small points, the obvious gimmick "he's now the weakest monster in the game", and one I found to be a bit more intereresting: He's the only one with this problem, the world he's in is still the same old game he's familiair with and still ...
Do you know what hides behind those anime avatars? Narcissism. Such is the condition of many otaku. Our hero is a bona fide galge expert, to the exclusion of anything except his newfound demon friend he doesn't care about.. . The hero spends his days slamming the buttons of a handheld called a PFP, styled after the PSP Go N1000, a system not known for eroge outside of the homebrew scene. That means our boy probably plays galge without even the enticement of anime tiddy.. . When I was in high school, I played Doukyuusei 2 on ZSNES. I played dating sims without the tiddy. I was a narcissist. ...
First of all, I thank all casts for adapting this anime from a popular manhwa, Tower of God. So, for the watchers out there, please proceed w/ caution cause I'll put SPOILERS here.. . Also, we all have different taste. Some of you will recommend it, some of you dont, and some will stay neutral. So, this is my opinion, AND I DO NOT SEEK WAR HERE.. . Story (5): The story started w/ some quality time between Twenty-Fifth Bam & Rachel (or Michelle Light), where they met at the cave. Bam thought Rachel was his light who taught, cared, and probably; loved him. One day, Rachel has to ...
It's at the same level of the principal series. I mean, I would recommend it if you really like Dakaichi because It's a long episode of the show. For me was ok, the main characters are not a couple I want to know more about and I only saw this because its the perfect movie to put when you are doing something else. I found forced the main situation because what a coincidence that the country that the main is going to is the same as the country where Chunta grew up. It was just an attempt to feel empathy for Chunta. And I didnt ...
If you like lighthearted, slice of life, comedy gintama is definitely for you. Gintamas main plot is. there are aliens who came to earth and took over edo. It follows the main character gintoki (who works as a freelancer) and his two friends kagura and shinpachi. They take on many jobs and meet a lot of fun likeable characters.. . if you want to watch a anime for a compelling story from what I’ve seen so far (I’m on episode 73) gintama might not be for you but if you just want to have a good time. And get some laughs in and maybe shed some tears ...
This has to be one of the worst anime I have ever seen... other than the artwork which sometimes is good. But the writing, CGI, and just everything makes the show terrible. So bad that... it's good. Good to make fun of as you watch it. You wonder, how was this even made? The plot just makes the biggest jumps repeatedly that it's just funny to even think that a real life human being wrote this plot unironically. It's amazing how something so genuinely bad can be taken so seriously. Which is why I can't stop watching it, it's a train wreck I won't recommend ...
This is a nice hidden gem to the Isekai genre. It's not about fighting or having the MC be some overpowered hero type. Honestly, you can learn a little about how economics work and be entertained by the theatrics of this show. The MC seems like some selfish prick but it's totally called for and with good reason. The business world translates well since it's not something we usually see in connection with a fantasy world. On top of that, this show is hilarious at times. It's a good hit, however I can see a certain amount of viewers being bored with the exposition of ...
Ousama Ranking is one of the hardest anime to grade. The initial part of the show got me hooked to a point I have rarely been regarding animes, with character writing and plot development reminiscent of the early seasons of Game of Thrones (hell, it even has a prince charming losing his hand) but was only to be followed by a disappointing and cliche second act.. . What is most noticeable about Ousama Ranking is arguably its very special artistic design. I cannot point out precisely what it is, but its graphic style is similar to animations in the 90's creating a more childish illusion. While being ...
If you’re excited for season 2 after watching the first, I’d suggest you wait, let season 1 sink in and enjoy it in all its glory, hide it somewhere deep in your brain, untouchable by anything else. Then if you’re still curious enough for more, put your love for season 1 aside, and settle for the decent shounen beyond. Let me explain why.. . Season 1 started and ended with a certain charm, an exploration of meaning and purpose in life. I’m not sophisticated enough to put it in better terms. At the first bit of combat, introducing the Nokkers and the beholder, I felt disappointed. I ...
At first I was like NO WAY! a Tsuki no Sango movie I didn't know about!!! this is going to be so FIRE. nah its its just a PV for the book or somthing so fuck me I guess :) Anyway its pretty cool and can be found on youtube easily so uh... I guess go watch it if you want to see a slide show of illustrations from the book set to some lady taking about some stuff, and some weird off key piano music. Then go read the manga or light novel if you want to actually know what happens in the story ...
An isekai romance anime that focuses on politics and the relationship between our main leads.. . Plot. The summary of this anime is actually clear and tells you exactly what this show is about.. . This is the first time i feel empty when writing a review.. . 1. The pacing is really slow. I feel nothing tbh even after watching four episodes. It feels like the show is still setting up the mysteries of the story. I think ep 4 just entered a story arc, so maybe we will finally start getting some twists/reveals.. . 2. The romance felt awkward because of the rigid animation. It felt like characters never changed emotions ...
It's been a while since I reviewed anything, a while since I actually watched anything, years in fact. So why not continue with Bleach's new offering.. . The first reservation I had for me loving this was simply I was never the biggest fan of Bleach to begin with. However, I put this to one side and chose this to kick start my watching of anime once more and was actually pleasantly surprised at first.. . It throws you into the story straight away, no waiting, though you still must endure the token irritating, over scared character a lot of anime is cursed with. Thankfully, this irritation goes ...
To describe this show in a sentence: Pure, unbridled wish fulfillment with no restraint or desire to be interesting.. . Our protagonist, Yuuya, is a bully magnet. Fat, meek and unsociable. Our poor, sweet boy has a heart of gold and everyone in his life is just the worst. That is, until one day he stumbles into a fantasy world Narnia-style and magically un-fat-nerds himself, becoming (apparently) the sexiest man to ever walk the planet. Also, superhuman strength and reflexes. Yes, he does stand up to some bullies while still fat, but let's not pretend that actually matters to this show in any meaningful way.. . The true premise ...
So I watched a reviewer on this anime, and they had a very strong opinion on it, so I thought I'd give this anime a watch. Even though they basically said not to without saying it lol.. . For starts the story is pretty simple. MC gets turned into a dog. Girl that he has a crush on finds him, and adopts him. MC, as a dog, gets to third base with his crush and some other girls. All in the effort to find a way to become human again.. . Though this anime is an example of good quality doesn't mean it's great. Like the quality was ...
I only watched Panty & Stocking because I will forever spend the rest of my life chasing gag animes that are as funny as the classics (MY classics - Saiki K, Nichijou, Danish Koukousei, etc.) and this was in the “recommended if you like these shows!” A deep plot it has not, character development it has not, but entertainment, hell yeah! Maybe I’m immature, but the show is funny. It’s raunchy, satirical, and you do have to turn the sound down frequently to avoid any misunderstandings with your roommates, but the soundtrack is fantastic. The biggest selling point for me was the animation- I love ...
This review focuses on the original Japanese version (193 episodes) as released on the Tetsuwan Atom Complete BOX DVD sets and is slightly updated from my previous preliminary review.. . Tetsuwan Atom is the first “full-length” (30-minute) weekly TV anime. With an ambitious project devoid of a high production budget, Osamu Tezuka pioneered production methods like limited animation, use of recycled footage, and outsourcing animation work when there was hardly any precedent to learn from. Especially early on, this was in many ways an experiment, and it cannot be viewed under the same critical lens as even subsequent 60s works.. . In its most basic premise, Tetsuwan Atom has ...
I think the music video for this song could be better. You know, it's mostly slow animations that honestly don't fit well with the upbeat tempo of the song and some of the cutscenes feel too much static, but it is pretty well-drawn and kawaii and shit and I love the way Yukika was portrayed there. The song is one of my favourite from hers, I really like the triumphant vibe of the synths and Teramoto's vocals are as sweet as they can get, just like in her Korean material and unlike the Japanese version of "Insomnia" which almost sounds like another person sang the ...
Admittedly, I am not a big fan of romance since there is often a lot of cliché involved in it such as a female protagonist who is clumsy and a damsel in distress and surrounded by hot men fawning over her. Unfortunately Akatsuki no Yona fulfills for a big part of the series such stereotypes. Our main girl, Yona, is a beautiful girl who is a spoiled princess and already surrounded by two attractive men fawning over her. She's in fact in love with one of them already, her older cousin, who commits within the first two episodes murder on her father though which forces ...
When I watched Akame ga Kill! for the first time, it was an easy 8 for me. Now I've had some time to reflect on it and also looked up what differences were made from the manga. Many people often say that it's very edgy, bloody and that a lot of people and die and that is certainly true. If you want to get attached to characters and see happy endings, this certainly isn't going to be something for you. I personally feel nowadays more conflicted about all the fights and the blood since it fits in some scenes and in other scenes it comes ...
Thicc Thighs Save Un-lives.. . With a fun OP and a thigh-slappingly funny first episode, The Legendary Hero Is Dead! had a great start for an ecchi trash anime. The concept of an asshole villager called Touka accidentally murdering the hero with a pit trap and BBQ pork meant for monsters isn’t exactly new, but having a necromancer reviving the hero by forcing Touka’s soul into the hero's cold rotten corpse, which stays skeletal most of the time because he doesn't have the mana levels to maintain the hero's body, is creative and funny.. . Unfortunately, this doesn’t last. The anime falls back into the standard ecchi-fantasy genre tropes ...
Oregairu wasn't the same after Season 2 sadly.. First two Seasons were really something else. Oregairu Zoku was a masterpiece with so many great scenes it was so hard to beat by a mile. In the third Season, the direction went in a more romantic approach. However, it felt like the show only had the same name, but lost some of its greatness somewhere between the 5 years gap of waiting for the 3rd Season.. The same goes with this OVA. We have a continuation what happens after the finale of Season 3, but it looks like they just wanted to quickly wrap it up ...
Boruto is somehow a reversed of what happened in Naruto that all bad things in the past will come to good. But this story resembles a kid with a wonderful parents, at first he was a brat but somehow got a fight to it as a ninja in the process. In the manga I had high hopes in the story but in the anime, we therefore say it's wasted with fillers and animation.. . I understand that the manga released monthly and it is sucks to get a similar Shippuden episodes with a tons of fillers. The anime should've stick in the manga and just have ...
sometimes there are horrible transition cuts where a characters outline or hand lingers on the screen while the surrounding changes. i guess the director is trying something new. have not seen anyone else mention these.. . other than that a fine shoujo anime.. many people will probably enjoy this.. especially if youre into romcoms.. . nothing outstanding tho,. . . characters are plain stereotypes and dont act in a realistic way, which doesnt have to be bad. ...
This time I decided to comment only on the final episode, usually I comment episode by episode, but this time I decided to comment everything on the last one, so here we go.. First I'll comment on the characters and their changes from this spin-off to the canonical story:. Ryouko – While in the original story it makes sense that she likes Tenchi, because she lived with him since he was born and nurtured a love, in this spin-off she just falls out of space and falls in love, in fact you can't even call it love since you can only understand this in the final episodes ...
Lyrical Nanoha (season one), in a few words, is a series that's very difficult to recommend, but if you can deal with the negatives, it could be worth investing time into. Let's start with the positives.. . The series starts as a typical magical girl series with a focus on a "collect the items" mission and turns into something different by the end. There are a lot of great visuals and original songs here, and character designs tend to be mixed; Nanoha and Fate look great, but other characters fade into the background. The series somewhat mixes the slice-of-life genre with the magical girl aspect by giving ...
While I am still not in love with this series or the OVAs, this was marginally better than the regular series.. . Animation was on par or better than the regular series while having much better and more focused stories and narrative.. . Although it did not personally affect me, I can see someone being moved by these episodes and more specifically the conclusion of the series.. . But I think a lot of my issues I will always have with this series is still in these OVAs.. . Still not a fan of the music and the VA work is fine but not spectacular to me.. . Suppose if you liked the series ...
Memories is a compilation only in the sense that it is a bundle of three separate short movies. These three movies have barely anything in common, and as far as I am concerned only the first short, "Magnetic Rose", is really worth your time.. . . So, let me start with "Magnetic Rose". It's a sci-fi ghost ship story that really nails the atmosphere, plot, music and visuals. The visual style is old, but high quality and smooth. The character proportions and coloring in Magnetic Rose is one of my favorite styles and similar to Ghost in the Shell. The foreboding build-up to shit hitting the fan is ...
Allow me to digress… Did this special really take me almost 4 years to finish? I remember I watched the first two episodes in 2019 and then stopped. Sheesh. Well, let’s review it and see if I was justified to slack off for so long or if I’m just lazy. I will do a quick review of individual episodes, I will tell you what these episodes are about and then list them in rankings. Let’s go. Every episode is 10 minutes long, that’s about ideal for specials.. . . 1st episode is centred around Saitama and three “Ebay” robbers planning a heist. Robbers bump into Saitama and try ...
Mediocre story, another isekai, no unique plots whatsoever. Usual art style, nothing really special. Main character thinks a little which is a little surprising but that's all, not that special or anything.. .. Let me give you an important question regarding this series. Will you let a horny rabid dog be alone with your female childhood friend that you holds in high regards? She'll potentially get attack and you knew it deep down but just decided to let it be something like "Yeah you know what? Fuck it she'll be fine regardless". That's your usual type of dense main character mainly found in Isekai genre. It's that ...
optimistic slice-of-life bright dramedy with a focus on the small stuff that we try to sweat and then leave to fester, self-doubt, body / self-image, petty problems, in the tangle of new love. Pop the bubbles and water the soil.. . prefer the manga. Decent adaption, but stylistically adapted too cleanly, like not-all-but-most mainstream stuff post 2000's digi-paint era. Decent-enough translating and intertwining of Aruko's illustrative quirks into movement and set-pieces.. Both voice acting teams did a decent job as well, it's good, it's fine ! The whole endeavor just feels redundant to me, would still recommend to anyone interested who prefer watching anime instead of reading manga.
My thoughts on Escaflowne are very simple. It is something that could have been good, but unfortunately the budget was cut and the plot moved way too quickly all of the time. Even if the other parts of the series are of high quality, this nonetheless completely ruins the experience for me. If you like extremely fast paced anime, then you've definitely found your recommendation. Otherwise, I wouldn't recommend it. The theme of revenge is also very overdone; I don't think this needs to be expanded upon.. . Numerical rating:. Visuals and sound - 7. Value - 7. Script - 4. Characters - 7. Enjoyment - 4. Overall - 6
I watched this anime because I enjoyed some gender bender eroge, so maybe this would be like that. It's not.. . Onimai is an innocent anime that plays it safe. The uncensored cut is age-appropriate for middle schoolers. American middle schoolers, even. The characters are totemo kawaii to the point where the shonen art style borders on chibi. Onimai is a show about youthful friendship from the perspective of an introvert with a layer of sugar. Remove the sugar and you've got Watamote; add too much you've got Precure. Onimai sits right in the middle with a thousand other moe slice-of-life anime, the difference here being the ...
Alpenrose, Alpenrose~ this song is the best thing aside from the art can this anime offer.. I didn't want to be harsh on a personally classic nostalgic show that I once thought it was great and even now I can't bring myself to rate it below 7 even though in reality it would be a mediocre 5 😅. . Story: 3/10. + The story is really interesting and the setting is too but thr execution and show length made it a terrible mistake.. - The plot has alot and I mean ALOT of stories and twists to tell for a 20 episodes show! If Alpenrose have been a 100 episodes ...
Three episodes in, and it's a confusing plot so far. The MAL description doesn't seem accurate either. Although I haven't been paying full attention to this series, episode 2 or 3 say the terminal patient is reborn as Ai's child, not the doctor. It then proceeds to time skip and I thought it might be someone's imagination but the story continues from there. So what happened to Ai if the story is not going to be focusing on her? If individual characters aren't integral to the overall plot, I feel it's going to be some karmic reincarnation theme revealed in the end, sort of like ...
It appears that there is a fairly even line drawn down the middle as to whether this is good or bad. There's obviously way more good considering its rating as of the time of this review, but I find it hard to agree with.. . There is nothing special about this. It's kind of ho-hum and the characters are flat and really less special than what they were in the show. I still cannot tolerate Futaro. I think he's flat and unimpressive and completely clueless through all of the show and the movie together. I think they chose the wrong voice actor and presentation. He has no ...
Akiba Maid War is an anime that combines two seemingly unrelated concepts: Yakuza and maids. The result is a show that takes a unique and sometimes weird direction, but one that has its moments of charm and humor.. . Unfortunately, throughout the series, there are several cringe-worthy scenes that may leave some viewers feeling secondhand embarrassment. However, if you can look past these awkward moments, the show has its moments of brilliance.. . . As the story progresses, the characters become more fleshed out and their relationships with one another become more developed.The last three episodes in particular are good, and they tie up the loose ends of the story ...
A self-aware schizo post. The show intends to be ironic but the mask slips sometimes.. . CENTRAL PREMISE : The highlight of the show is the MCs personality, a bewildering-but-somehow compelling mix of an edgelord and a wanna-be normie. The MC is perfect for a comedic deconstruction of isekai. Sadly, this strength is shafted when the show feels the need to betray its irony (rare instances). . CHARACTERS (non-MC) : The sidecast lacks depth and this wasn't done ironically. Waifus are more quantity than quality, given how many pop up they should have had more differentiation.. . COMBAT : The animation is quite solid here but the combat mechanics are ...
"How I made it to my 30's as the most powerful human being on the planet, without noticing..." the anime.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 7/10. -----------------------------------------------. . Pretty regular stuff. Nothing to really catch your attention one way or another.. . . Sound / Music / Voice Acting - 7/10. ...
I tend not to do reviews in general, but this series really has me torn. Overall by itself the anime is ok, not amazing but not bad. The main thing that has me torn is the fact, that it is considered an adaptation of the novel, while it is so drastically different that it might as well be considered a new story. The anime and the novel have some similar plot points but the tone and the focus are very different. the novel is basically a comedy with misunderstandings and kinda slapstick comedy. TBH the best way to describe the novel is its chinese version ...
Love Live FBI Open Up!. . In a season so clearly divided between great anime and complete garbage, The IDOLM@STER Cinderella Girls: U149 stands out as the definition of mid.. . An up-and-coming producer takes on the challenge of turning literal children into popular idols, and when I say literal children, the eldest of the group of nine is twelve. This anime does feel like a bit of a yikes-burger, especially when one of the girls comments on wanting to look "sexy" during a photoshoot, but the show leans towards a wholesome vibe even if it feels a bit forced. I've read comments online by fans suggesting that ...
As a fan of shonen anime, I was initially drawn to "Jujutsu Kaisen" due to its stunning animation and unique take on the supernatural genre. However, as I delved further into the series, I couldn't help but notice that some parts of it felt a bit too familiar and formulaic.. . While the series has its standout moments, such as the well-crafted characters and their complex relationships, there were times when the story felt like it was following the same beats as other popular shonen series. The battles, while creative, didn't always feel as exciting as they could have been, and there were some predictable plot twists ...
After dropping this series for about 2 years (or technically putting it on hold), I finally came back to try and finish this anime just because of how renowned it is as a psychological horror. I didn't want to miss out and was curious about it. I'm quite glad I finally am able to finish it.. . Higurashi no Naku Koro ni is definitely hard to get into and understand without any background knowledge of how it works. Going into it, all I knew was how gruesome, twisted, and shocking it is. What confused me the most is how every few episodes is a different arc. While ...
I wonder how it's tagged "romantic subtext" if it's a straight out ecchi with bdsm kinks?. I honestly thought it would be a fun school story with a shy boy and an outgoing girl but so far it feels like sexual harassment except the victim (the boy) is fine with it.. So if you're looking for some pretty ecchi, this one would be fun I guess.. But if you simply want a classic romantic story, I believe you better look for something else.. And don't turn it on TV or some other big screen if you're not home alone, don't repeat my mistakes.
I don't know its just not for me, i had fun watching it but it wasn't anything soo special it had to be #1.. The power system is very cool but i wish the main would use it a bit more creatively in fight rather than just turning his arm into a sword, something like Al vs pride.. Like i said there isn't anything wrong with Full metal it just feels fine to me.. But what really gets my teeth grinding is the fans, they, for some reason, seem to think they are some sort of elite taste and punch down anything that dares to touch the ...
To resume this anime : ''FAN SERVICE THE ISEKAI''. . honestly it's just a flex type anime it has some good quality but thats all.. the story is ''pffff'' tier he's just a lucky guy who went from zero to hero and you can feel sometimes that the story has been rushed but. it's still watcheable BUT SOMETIMES ITS SO HELLA DUMB LIKE WITHOUT SPOILING THERE IS SOME EVENTS THAT ARE HILARIOUS JUST OF HOW UNCASUAL AND RANDOM THEY ARE. the art style is kinda unique so let's give them props for that and to talk about the ost's opening and ending i don't even remember. hearing them ...
Many Gundam fans avoid G Reco due to its reputation as being confusing and nonsensical, whether these claims are accurate or not is very subjective yet one thing is clear: G Reco is an extremely flawed work.. . G Reco, just like its spiritual predecessor Turn A Gundam, has amazing worldbuilding, we are presented with a seemingly peaceful Earth with a complex political division due to the regulation of energy resources and technological advancements by a religious institution. Several factions, with diverging ambitions, fight across this stage, thus giving the setting to the plot of G Reco. The protagonist Bellri gets to pilot the G Self by ...
This special -too short to be a movie- is purely a recap of events from ep1 till about episode 60 with only an encapsulation of it through an introductory frame and a closing frame!. I honestly found no need for this new girl that was introduced since she had zero contribution to anything, the special could have used an already introduced kid and nothing would have changed. Maybe would even have saved more tine for the recap.. . □ Should you watch it?. ■The recap was nothing special, if you have recently watched the recapped episodes you wouldn't really feel the need to watch it but it's still ...
Like every Makoto Shinkai, the movie is beautifully animated, the music is good, same with the voice acting and ambiance.. . But story-wise, this is easily the weakest of his movies. It's pretty much Tenki No Ko/ Weathering with You but with the gender of the protagonists reversed and less obstacles for the main character to reach their objective.. . Nothing ever actually attempt to stop Suzume in her quest, not even her Aunt once she reach her, while Hodaka in the previous one had both to deal with the supernatural obstacles, and very real ones in the adults and police.. . So the story end up being nothing more than ...
Saw the movie yesterday at my city's theaters, and it was an all around enjoyable experience. Prior to this movie I had already watched all Shinkai's movies and animation shorts, and after watching Suzume no Tojimari I can safely say 5 Centimeters per Second it's still his best movie.. For like the 6th time Shinkai presents the same type of story we got to see in all his other movies, every time with some different elements, but of course the main themes of disaster and impossible love are still present. This time the movie uses the earthquake, a theme that's really important to Japanese people, ...
I'm gonna start this review by saying I do recommend this season, if you havent read the manga at least. If you've finished season 1, and are looking for more content with characters you love its not a total waste of time. That being said I have not read the manga either, but I would probably be givinig this a higher score if it werent for the fact that they apparently butchered the source material and that still upsets me.. . Season 2 of A Promised Neverland could have done better, but I'm still satisfied, it wasn't the worst tihng in the world, we got to ...
I really enjoyed this as a light novel reader. The series is mostly a set of one-off episodes which culminate in the plotlines joining together. However, if you haven't read the light novels, things can be a bit confusing as to why you should care about characters. Events from the first novel serve as the starting point for all of the weird incidents in the story. This is because Boogiepop Phantom basically serves as a sequel to the live action adaptation for the first novel. Main character backstories from the 6th novel are also briefly referenced but in a way that will be confusing to ...
I hate an anime that doesn't take itself seriously..and this is one of em.. . Other than its pace going obnoxiously fast, it's way too goofy for an edgy anime.. . Every time I get invested in a moment, it awfully takes me out of it. In the middle of a serious conversation, random a silly goofy unnecessary humor breaks the whole vibe, and it's never even funny. It's as if it feels sorry for being "too edgy" in some moments, that it keeps trying to lighten up the mood by bringing "humor" into every scene...so off-putting.. . Thought i was getting into something like Tokyo Ghoul, only to ...
Chainsaw Man is an average series that lacks originality. The story and characters have potential, unfortunately neither are fully realized in this season. It does not help that the animation is inconsistent and the use of CG is distracting. The series follows closely to the manga, which while largely a good thing, has its drawbacks. The anime suffers from sluggish pacing and unnecessary exposition dumps that do little to enhance or add value to the narrative. Unfortunately, Chainsaw Man's multiple shortcomings hinder its ability to stand out in a crowded genre, and fans may find it more rewarding to read ...
Coming from the manga, the anime is kind of a letdown. It goes on its own side path, making Karin develop a love-triangle relationship with Usui and the mysterious main character they hide for half the season who did not exist in the manga. I feel it's also raunchy in some parts for no reason, like the opening. Otherwise, if you're coming in on a fresh start, you may genuinely come to enjoy this anime. It's a cute and funny rom-com and gives you something to watch for a couple of days. Plus it was made in 2005 so if you like older anime this ...
(This review applies to both the manga and anime. Anime-only stuff like animation and music are not accounted for.). . Short version: One Piece is not for me. I can see why people love it. If you love OP, good. That means you found something worthwhile that I couldn’t. Don’t let my opinion interfere with your enjoyment. My not being a fan of OP is not a personal attack against you. You do you. I am only writing this to elaborate to fans why some of us remain skeptical of OP, even after giving it a go.. . Long version: Shounen action. Battle Shounen. Or just plain “Shounen” to ...
Please redeem my feelings in the last eps of this season. Because it's not worth it. I know there's a long episode finale ahead, but that doesn't mean I have to appreciate a season with slow-paced last episodes and full of flashback scenes at the end.. As always, I'm going to judge this season based on factors, and I'll be doing a quick review of the episodes as well.. After the explosive first ep to continue what was unfinished, the 2nd ep is less exciting but still in an interesting arc. The next 4 eps are the most surprising and best I can imagine, they give me ...
It's a visual mess, shot much a indie film. A non linear timeline, a bit of a confusing story with non fleshed out characters. But in it's shortness, it does captivate the watcher, it's interesting to say the least. The aesthetic, the characters, the plot, the way its shot, it's an interesting piece. I ended up crying in the last 10 minutes, and for that, I think it deserves praise. However, would I recommend it? Not neccessarily. This a bit of a laborous watch due to it's non-linear storyline, but it really DRAWS out emotion ;). . I would only recommend this to those who enjoy art ...
tl;dr gets a barely passing grade not for premise nor plot but for the oft overstated cuteness of its characters 6/10. . Otonari no Tenshi honestly did better than I was personally expecting though reading some of these reviews you really wouldn't think so. The show's not perfect by a long shot but I don't regret the time I spent watching it. But first, the complaints.. . Number one issue for me has got to be pacing. It's a toughie for many anime but romcoms are especially difficult to pace due to their subject matter. Without getting into the hour-by-hour there's only so much content you can squeeze out ...
I stopped watching this anime Before I finish. The plot is normal, nothing interesting. The plot is predictable and almost the same as other reincarnated anime.The main character is too exaggerated.. . This anime looks like the result of a copy of the anime in general. I'm sorry for the fans of this anime, but this is how I felt when I watched this anime.. . I feel like I can guess the ending because the plot is predictable.. . But all anime have advantages in the eyes of their fans. People's tastes are different, you can watch this anime if you are a fan of reincarnation anime, you can ...
Bofuri is a bad anime done well, it knows what it is, and it excels in it, it knows its a trash power fantasy SAO clone / parody, and as such it doesn't seek to take itself seriously, instead it seeks to have as much fun with that premise as possible. So it is an entertaining fun ride, as long as you don't look to take it seriously.. . Season 2 picks up where Season 1 left off,. . While the first half of S1 was Maple accidentally becoming OP and the comedy that came from that, towards the end it shifted to Maple being considered the true monster ...
This series starts off really well, and then just past the half way point, its quality drops.. . Let me set the scene. I was watching the series, I had been absolutely loving it, the story was good, the characters were superb, I enjoyed every moment of it, it was this well paced, entertaining series and due to the events I could tell the next episode would be the last... and then I saw it... I had only just passed the half way point of the series. Yes I was at the ending, but that ending would keep on going, and going, and at some point it went ...
Good funny anime but overated as f.. . I dont really like romcon but this was good.. I like most of the characters, ishigami is the best for me (literally me), they are all funny and intresting on their own way.. . In terms of the story, the idea that the two main characters are too shy to confess their love to each other, so they try to get the other to confess, is quite unique compared to other romcoms.. . It was nice to see how the protagonists show more and more emotions towards each other due to the increasingly close time.. And the games they play against each other are quite ...
Normally, something this crigneworthy would have been shut down and deleted from memory but the second episode, but for some reason, I found a lot of entertainment in the absolute absurdity that this show is.. . The set up is very in-your-face from the beginning and tells you what it's about. I appreciate that because you didn't have to mire through 4 or 5 episodes to make an ultimate decision about whether you want to stick with it or not. There are a lot of people that won't at all find this entertaining - for good reason - and if it had hit me on ...
I honestly do not know how this anime has a score above 6....the plot, animation, and dialogue are all of a budget level quality. This anime definitely needed a little more spit and polish, and you can tell that no one held any great love for this anime while working on production.. . quality aside, this anime is a re-hash of every other over powered, wish fulfillment character, Isekai out there. our MC was isekai'd, then sent back to his original world, then re-summoned back to the world he left. 5 years have passed since he left, and we see basically him, starting a new game+. all ...
PRODUCTION EXCELLENCE. There is certainly nothing dangerous to your eyes in relation to the show’s production quality. The character and backgrounds are smoothly drawn, while movement and facial expressions are near the standard of My Dress Up Darling for a slice of life rom-com. Most notably is its use of shading to set its mood. Due to the obviously serious nature of a student wanting to murder someone, scenes are frequently set at twilight or in spaces that are dimly lit reflecting the interaction between Ichikawa’s darker intentions and the light to which he is exposed through Yamada. So far, it has not done anything particularly ...
High Action, High Tension and High Fuel. Those are the words that come to mind when reflecting back on the events in this film. The film starts off by throwing you directly in into the center of the story’s action by establishing the main narrative, introducing characters, incorporating the main points of conflict and just having fun with the characters. As you progress though the film you begin to see the story continuing to build on the consents that it initially established while also starting to mix in additional twist and turns in an attempt to try to spice up the general flow of progression. ...
This will be more of a rant than a reivew.. . Long story short, go read the manga, if you end up liking it, go check out the light novel.. . I usually don't write reviews and am usually very generous with how I rate anime/manga in general. If it is somewhat enjoyable or there was some aspect of the show which was 'well done' or even one moment which was memorable. Just one those fact present, I would give the shows a decent rating.. . I come from the manga, where the art was quite to my liking and the pacing of the story was great as well. ...
This season is a direct sequel to the first season, so please watch S1 before watching this season as most of the main characters in this season were introduced in the first season. This review may have spoilers for S1.. . Also, Yuan Long was originally a novel which has been adapted to both manhua and donghua. I am more familiar with the manhua so I will make an adaptation comparison in the latter half of this review, rating it based on how closely it follows the source.. . General Plot: After the brief time skip at the end of season 1, Wang Sheng has made it out of ...
I think I can speak for everyone when I say, "Harry Potter was a classic" - truly, a masterpiece that rocked my small childhood world. Yeah, there were many Harry Potter fans, but I was among the top of them, at the peak, the highest tower in all of Hogwarts, so to speak (that's the astronomy tower, btw). On my 11th birthday, I kept pleading to my parents to let me dress up as a wizard all day, until they finally agreed. I ran around the whole town conjuring up magic and mayhem, like any good young wizard would do. Fortunately, I had found a ...
Why does anime do this? "I'm your daughter and your lover!" I really liked the old-school heavy metal concept. Even the characters and attack names are from metal bands. You don't have to have pseudo incest and pedo to have a good anime. If you removed all that and the idiots who stand around an commentate the obvious it would be an 8/10.. . I don't know why MAL won't let me post the above without adding a larger review. This is plenty. I guess I can add that it's a lot like Inuyasha except more perverted. Which is fine. I just don't know why the ...
Really wish I could explain why it’s getting this score because on paper, this is a pretty solid show. By no means one to get the emotions rising but pretty solid in a lot of respects.. . I watched the dub and do absolutely enjoy it. Great casting choices and the VAs gave very good performances despite a few lacking experience.. . There is also occasionally some great animation in this show and I generally like the character design.. . I guess the stuff I am less keen on is all the picture things. Characters are fine but many aren’t as fleshed out, I am not a huge fan of the ...
Introduction:. A year ago, a UFO with 150 aliens crashed near Kasai, Japan. Since the ship could not be fixed, the Japanese government gave the aliens citizenship and taught them about Japanese language, customs, and culture. They started a program for the aliens to stay with Japanese families to help them become familiar with human society. One of the aliens, Ren, was accidentally dropped into a river and saved by a high school student named Takeya Ikuhara. Despite his initial distrust of aliens, Takeya takes pity on Ren and she becomes his personal "slave" after imprinting on him as her "Master." Ren's presence changes Takeya's life ...
oh god, where to start. At first i liked it, it was my childhood fav. anime but as it aged I slowly lost my interest, it was still good, until I caught up to the weekly uploads (in dressrosa) it started to feel like Eternity till something happens and often come out of the episode like nothing has happened because it did the minimal effort to put some actual progress in these minutes feels like toei just takes the episode and stretches it out as much as possible that makes the single 20 min useless.. . And don't get me started on the inconsistency imagine watching a ...
Let me start off by saying that Makoto Shinkai must have run out of ideas or something, because this movie feels like the same movie he's made twice before. But, it's not all bad. The animation and music are top-notch, thanks to RADWIMPS, but other than that, everything else was mediocre at best.. . As usual, every single character was a letdown. Makoto Shinkai just can't seem to create decent characters, it's like he's allergic to them. Furthermore, the premise of the story was bizarre and felt like it was trying too hard to be deep and philosophical. The concept of Closers fulfilling their duty was interesting, ...
Megazone 23 is an OVA series that can really be broken down into two parts. The first following Shougo and the second following Eiji. The first part is really well animated and has an intriguing plot line but that's about it. The narrative, while interesting, is not fully developed. The characters are not overly memorable and the pacing is erratic. In contrast the storytelling of the second part is executed much better. However the animation, while good, is not on par with the first part. Also the characters remain a weak point. Despite numerous promising concepts, Megazone 23 ...
I am speechless 😶😶 when it came for the ant arc i was horrified by the creates and everything i thought this anime was for kids like PG13 and $h!t but no it went to the dark side like a bullet train 🚅🚅🚅 fr. At first i thought it was interesting at the beginning we all know gon and killua becoming friends and kurapika and leorio hating on each other. But for me the anime looks great and all but the story i was not expecting nothing like that to make me more traumatized than aot this one was worse than i could think of ...
If there is one thing I can say for this anime after watching 3 episode would be "different". Some might find interesting, some might find silly but it is undeniably different. For me "different" does not mean good or bad. Maybe I slightly like different. But as long as different is empty inside it will not mean anything. As long is different doesn't know what kind of different it is, it will be just random ideas.. . In this context, this anime slightly fails being different after first episode. After understanding the premise not much is left to wonder so it tries to stay alive by ...
Honestly a good series as long as you ignore the amount of girls blushing for the mc and the one-sided incest. The sister is sooooo annoying, she gets worse the more you proceed. This is like harem + actually unique/good plot + one-sided incest and overpowered mc. idk how to tell you how annoying the sister is tho, and her feelings towards her brother is just very noticeable and its disgusting. If you are unable to ignore those aspects then I dont recommend you watching this. The artstyle is nice/ok(Im very picky with artstyles). Theres also a lot of girls just blushing or squealing for ...
Let me just start with. I like this anime for some reason. Does it have it's issues? Oh yeah definitely. For starters you have the MC who is fat and nobody can stand him. Then he becomes the most handsomest man alive that everyone literally cannot stand next to him because if they did. Their underwear would become soaked. For real though every episode at least has a scene with a group of girls talking about how hot he is like they've never seen a hot guy before. I could only guess maybe his new form omits some sort of aphrodisiac effect which is why ...
Akiba Meido Sensou, while intriguing and creative at first glance, fails to take full advantage of its ridiculous premise. The character designs are executed proficiently, and the animation, while not exceptional, is satisfactory. The main problem is its confusing direction. The series attempts to balance humor and drama, with a heavy reliance on character motivation, resulting in an unsuccessful amalgamation. As a result, the potential of the show is wasted in both aspects. Overall Akiba Meido Sensou has some strengths but its flaws prevent it from reaching its full potential. It still might be worth a watch for fans ...
I think the first season was very rewarding as an anime. The first time I watched it, I really liked it and I spent a sleepless night devouring season 1. Fight, fun, friendship, magic: it was all there. Sadly, the same can't be said for Season 2. This new season doesn't live up to Season 1. There isn't too much epic combat, and Maple hasn't received a new weapon to match. it's worth it. I was expecting Maple to get a weapon stronger than Mechanical God, but here I am a bit disappointed. If there is a season 3, I hope there will finally be ...
86 Part 2. . Kill me, stone me, or whatever you want. But this season was by far worse than the first. The very first episode of 86 already made me feel like the anime was going to suck and that I was going to hate it. However, the first season managed to convince me. Through a relatively good atmosphere and the fact that the events had a difficult-to-assess sequence. Who dies, who survives, and what comes next? These questions made me not only develop an interest but also get to know the show more. And after 11 episodes, I had to say it was interesting and ...
Shuumatsu no Valkyrie II. . This manga and anime will not please everyone. You need very low standards to be able to understand this show. Each season consists of 2-3 battles in which candidates of humanity compete against gods. In a battle that will decide the further existence of mankind. The good thing about the show is that the battles are hard to weigh who will win. The bad thing is that the series consists only of flashbacks and fights that have a very similar sequence.. . I like how "simple" this one is. No great plot, but simply the representation of how two unshakable will clash. Unfortunately, the ...
because I've already watched it so I have to finish it until after season 2 it really makes me emotional with Kirino this bastard, I don't know why MC is so stupid, I think in season 2 it's a bit better than season 1 but the next episode it gets more and more annoying His tsundere really pisses me off like he's selfish and doesn't know himself.. . I don't recommend this if you get annoyed easily with this little bitch. . the art style is nice. . and for a little dregs story, from season 1 to season 2 just following the will of this bastard kirino I don't understand ...
Note to self: wear headphones for the first 5 minutes since it starts with a young girl panting that could be mistaken for hentai XD. Amount of good movie: 0.4. Execution of said movie: 6. . Amount of bad movie: 0.6. Execution of bad movie: 3. . 0.4*6 = 2.4. 0.6*3= 1.8. . ...
I was not bored, but emotionally exhausted by this season. I foolishly hope all the suffering is worth it for... something. Not sure what. Maybe it's just an endurance test of how much pain the audience can handle or put up with.. . I nearly gave up on this series because of how senselessly gruesome Dawn of the Deep Soul was. This season was more tolerable than the movie because the horror had more of a purpose, but it's still tragic. The high quality of the animation and music remain unchanged.. . There are many feel-good shows. This is a feel-bad show.
Akebi's Sailor Uniform? More like Akebi is a Sexual Awakening for an Entire Class, the anime.. . Akebi is a mix of popular slice of life moe tropes done well individually, all smashed together and shoved into one character. Individually, each episode is fine and the characters are cute enough, but when viewed as one whole narrative it becomes a story about how Akebi is just the coolest and smartest and prettiest and nicest and...etcetera. Every character has to come to love and adore Akebi, whether they were interested to begin with or actively disliked her. Anything Akebi does has to be endearing and personally healing to ...
Mobile Suit Gundam: The Witch from Mercury, the most recent Gundam series installment, is finally here! The big thing with this one? The protagonist is a female, a first in a Gundam series. My biggest hope was that the lead would either be headstrong, or develop into someone with a lot of resolve. I could see her turning into the latter, but we're not there quite yet. I would highly recommend viewers first watch the prologue, as it sets up a few things for this series, and I'll assume you've seen it for the purposes of this review. In ...
It's an enjoyable popcorn-flick, enjoyed it a lot more than more than the visually gorgeous but muddled Weathering With You, although less than Your Name - or any of Shinkai's previous works.. . While the backgrounds are as gorgeous as always, the Character acting/animation is noticeably more generic than Your Name, and character design and writing are similarly generic - Suzume's design and overall character reminds me a lot of the protagonist from Roujin Z (a positive!), Souta a dark-haired Howl (this is played with well in the early section of the film, less so later on), although rest of characters are cut+paste from any generic anime, ...
The premise of the story seemed quite interesting but throughout the entire series it felt like something was still missing. The concept or story line could have been executed differently than what actually unfolded throughout the mere 12 episodes. Leading a normal life as a descendent of an ancestral being sparks the imagination in such a spectacular way. To be honest the missing piece was the "WOW" factor.. . Romance is not my favourite genre, but I have started to enjoy it more recently and this certainly did not meet my expectations as some of the other series I have been watching. There is a lot of ...
This movie put a smile on my face. Maybe the story was a little weak, and the characters could've had more depth, but the music and animation topped it all. The story followed the usual time travel genre of Makoto Shinkai but it was still unpredictable in the ending. I really loved the ending. Maybe all we need is a hug from ourselves.. . I understand that this is not everyone's cup of tea. But this is a refreshing movie, and it wrapped up very nicely. The connection among the characters was shown amazingly. if you are looking for something that does not really require brainstorming ...
Fairly straight forward Dr. Slump movie that focuses on the Great Race of Penguin Village. Interesting is that I think this movie did the concept before the manga, but I could be wrong since the timeline is pretty close. Additionally, that arc of the manga is the only arc that Toriyama himself didn't write, it was mostly his assistants, so it's very possible they took and adapted the idea from this movie.. . Both are different, and spend time on separate gags, and since Slump is so comedy focused it has to rely on those gags a little more. I think the ones from the manga ...
When I heard of this anime. I thought it'd be interesting. Being Transported to another world for a 2nd time. Seems like an interesting title. At first you're thinking. Alright it's an Isekai with a small twist. Can't really think of an anime where a protag got transported to another world again as the main gimmick, so let's see how this goes.. . So our MC pretty much has already played through this world which is fine, but often getting thrown into the middle of a situation can be a bit of a miss with people, as a lot of situations like these tend to be ...
This Anime has been a bit loose when it comes to its "unique" concept so far (keeping it vague to avoid spoilers).. And while that "unique" situation is being actively tackled and dealt with during each episode so far, it just doesn't seem to be making much impact in the story other than being a "plot device" to get the waifu MC and the insert-character MC entangled with each other. It also made me worry that with the recent episode (the 3rd one), there were some signs that this Anime would be spending some time on relationship-building between the female MC and the side characters before ...
I think the idea behind the story is cool, but there are some parts that don't make much sense and the characters are not well-developed. The events in the story seem to focus only on two main characters, Gasai Yuno and Amano Yukiteru, leaving little room for connection with other characters.. Yukiteru is inconsistent in his actions and defends Yuno, even though she does horrible things, perhaps due to him being a whiny and extremely weak protagonist, which makes everything more irritating. Yuno survives extreme situations in a ridiculous and unbelievable way. The character Akise Aru is a good detective in the story, but doesn't receive ...
It’s ten years old and a remake, spoilers are natural. It looks great despite being ten years old. The soundtrack and use of sound add depth to the gorgeous visuals. What works is all the new and original ideals. Shinji’s isolation by his friends and his return to his “cage”. What doesn’t work is the events we already know are gonna happen; e.g. Nagisa, Kaworu. If you watched the original series, then you already know the fate of Kaworu. And it’s a long boring slog to reach that moment. Also this plan seems entirely dependent on no one in WILLE telling Shinji the truth about ...
It felt incredibly average. There were some painfully average clichés and stereotypical romcom elements, but it really didn't feel like the same quality it should have been. Of course this dives further into the romance element than the comedy, but there was depth lacking in both. The only reason I rate this higher than a painfully average 5 is because of the deep internal struggles portrayed in the film. The way Kaguya could emulate a courtroom and incorporate all of her personalities and gather the whole idea as a reflection on who she truly is as a person and why she's choosing a different side ...
"It might be tough moving forward, but at the end of a seemingly endless dark night, there will be morning.". . The Story [6/10]:. While the story was intriguing, it felt disjointed in terms of following the supernatural plot and romance. The romance, though seemingly present, didn't actually exist in the film. Nonetheless, it conveys a beautiful message that no matter how low one falls, they can always rise back up with the help of their loved ones.. . Music [8/10]:. Radwimps always creates beautiful music, but in this film, compared to Weathering With You, the music didn't hit as hard in terms of its placement. The music lacked the emotional ...
"Death Note" is a popular anime series that tells the story of Light Yagami, a high school student who discovers a supernatural notebook that allows him to kill anyone whose name he writes in it. The series follows Light's descent into darkness as he becomes a vigilante known as "Kira" and seeks to rid the world of criminals.. . While "Death Note" has many strong points, it also has some weaknesses that detract from the overall experience. One of the strengths of the series is its premise, which is unique and engaging. The cat-and-mouse game between Light and the authorities, particularly his antagonist L, is compelling and ...
Maybe because I went into this movie with high expectations because of Makoto Shinkai's previous works, that I was so goddamn disappointed. It lowkey tilted me at how mediocre the movie is. For a movie directed by such an infamous name, I really did not expect to finish it thinking "Is that it?". Also this review is NOT spoiler free.. . Firstly to get it aside, yeah the movie has nice visuals and a good soundtrack. CGI was kinda ass like the worm looked like a huge red c*** sometimes and the cars and the train station background people were goofy, but it is what it is. ...
Project Zeorymer is an anime series that showcases excellent animation and character designs. The visuals remain consistent throughout the show, despite the aging animation, which is still visually appealing. Each character has a unique appearance that accurately reflects their personality, which is commendable. However, the narrative is rather simplistic and fails to explore various interesting points that could have enriched the story. Moreover, the main characters lack depth, and the side antagonists receive more attention, leaving the audience wanting more. The conclusion is underwhelming and fails to inspire the audience. Although Mecha enthusiasts and classic sci-fi anime fans may enjoy Project Zeorymer, it may not ...
A nice chill comfort anime, without drama and big world ending problems.. . Just as season one is this a really chill anime without big world ending problems that need to be solved. It also has no big dramas and only have minor character quirks and challenges that needs to be overcome.. . The characters stay pretty much the same with very minor character development, other then of course getting more weird skills and other ingame items. A few more sides from the different characters are shown but nothing groundbreaking, more like fun extra stuff about them.. . Plot isn’t something innovative and mostly just a box to see the characters ...
This is the first and only Berserk adaptation that actually progresses the story after the Golden Age arc, along with its 2017 sequel.. . Let's talk about the story first:. Most key points of the manga were included, even the infamous horse scene. This was evident as I was reading the manga side by side at the time of watching and failed to notice any exceedingly frustrating changes.. . The animation and artstyle is the number 1 issue with this adaptation. The models look like they were made by a PSP videogame animator and their movements are even worse. This could've worked out if the goal was something like ...
ok so as we all know, serena and amour saved this show big time after nightmare that was the kalos league.. yea, ash greninja was cool. to bad his arc went nowhere.. alain. just.... why man, why.. yajima, if it wasnt for amour i would have ranked it 1/10 alain didnt even WANT to take part in the kalos league. talk about a dumb decision from the writers, making ash lose to the same guy 3 times. im so happy leon trashed him in the masters tournament.. anyhow,. good: serena, amour, greninja, creative ash, the kiss. bad: alain, kalos league was WAY to rushed (second episode ...
In a decent attempt at a follow-up of the bizarre masterpiece from 2000, FLCL progressive seems to try to be "bizarre" for the sake of being similar to the original than being pure creativity from the great people at Gainax. It is not completely unenjoyable, though, as it is entertaining at points but lacks the magic that the original is packed full of. Haruko’s new voice actress did great at sounding like the original thankfully, and the soundtrack still bangs. Decent and almost good slapstick at times. Canti also comes back for a little which is fire. It’s a decent 5 if not 4/10, it ...
Sword Art Online is one of the most famous anime of all time. It is not, however, one of the best anime of all time. The anime has odd pacing and doesn't have the best character interations but it's not popular for no reason.. . SAO's story is okay. The initial premise is that the characters are stuck in a virtual reality MMORPG and will die in real life if they die in the game. The anime handles this concept pretty well and it's clear where the story is going. The problem the anime has is that in the first half a lot of time passes ...
24 episodes.. 15 of them are useless, unfunny filler: that's 63%, the majority.. . Filler used to be super common in "older" anime but this is insane.. I don't understand where the massive fandom of this anime came from. Maybe the manga is good, but this? This was genuinely uninteresting for the most part.. . The plot is mostly non-existent and the characters are mostly flat. Ciel and Sebastian are supposed to be the main characters, but they feel like side-characters is most of the episodes. They appear during the climax of an arc or an episode, but barely participate in the story or plot itself.. They don't ...
Hi. Manga reader, here. I know that this series is pretty hyped so far, but I’m just here to voice some preliminary concerns about how things are going so far. On the surface, the adaptation seems fairly congruent with the manga, but I think what’s missing is the spirit or thought process behind the actions and conflict.. . While it’s true that Yamada’s character was always kind of flat, even in the manga as he has some pretty major fathomable gaps in his character progression and development, Akane has always been pretty well developed. In the manga she is flighty and excitable just as depicted in ...
Story (based on 3 episodes, but I really doubt it'll get better):. It's basically an isekai that skipped all the build up, story, meeting new characters and went with "Oh yes, we did adventuring together in the past", and repeat it every episode.... . The setting had some potential for interesting story, but it was wasted on generic isekai story.. . Art:. Nothing special, but nothing wrong. It's acceptable, seen better and seen worse. Animation gets choppy in some places, but again it's not worst.. . Characters:. Due to "we've met already", the entire character buildup is skipped, so we're left with generic traits.. ...
Really cool kids Mecha. I swear I saw this on a Mexican cable channel when I was a young boy in the US in the mid-2000s, but I could be wrong.. It was very nostalgic of a 90s era I never really knew.. I wish there were was more character background further explained and character motivations elaborated. All the characters seemed too goody Two-Shoes and I just got Power Rangers vibes lol. Great visuals and art.. The show started off strong and ended even stronger on the last episode.. Even the OVA looks great.. The plot is just a little too monster of the week for me.. I wish there was more psychological ...
This is a bit of an odd show for me to talk about. On the one hand, looking at it critically is pretty difficult. It's based on a game series that I really like, and they really do the games justice, and trying to look at it critically makes me feel like I'm nitpicking issues that didn't really impact my enjoyment at the end of it all. However, I do want to be somewhat fair with it, so I'll give them two ratings: one as a fan of the games, and one just looking at it as is.. . As a fan of the games, the show ...
It was mid, But also as with everything its subjective.. . I went into this expecting a good anime op, and for the the visuals is really did a great job meeting that. Though i don't really think it differ much from other yoasobi tracks it doesn't really matter. In the end the animations, visuals and pacing is good.. . The same could not be said for the song itself though. The writing, in my opinion is fine. The lyric has multiple reference to the anime story, mentioning the character names, calling out how they act according to anime n stuff. Overall this fits pretty well with the visuals.. However ...
Tokyo revengers second series was, unfortunately, a lot worse than the first series, which was very bad in the beginning, but turned around and was pretty good towards the end, in my opinion. As for this part in the manga, for me it was also quite worse then the other arcs but it was quite good to read. I hope the next series(if there is one) will be better, because the other arcs in the manga are a lot better too.. . In the anime, Takemitchi is portrayed even more awkwardly than in the manga, which I thought wasn't even possible. He, unfortunately, spoils the anime the ...
At first it was a cringy show with unnatural idiot protagonist, thing doesn't make sense at this and there. But it's come slightly become better and better, the plot and character development goes in the best way become a good thing to see. The last few episodes is the climax of this season, anger , sadness, and happy feeling i got on the last episode is the final of my decision.. . This should be a good show, can't wait for the sequel, my expectation on this show is a bit high, hope it doesn't goes down.. . I not really into shoujo but i feel like i can ...
Beautiful animation and some GREAT music that reminded me of Nier Automata and Monster Hunter. The plot is kind of unfocused though and I wanted to care about the characters a lot more than I actually did. Despite that, the ending is good and there's a theme running through the movie about tragedy and connecting to the past that deserves contemplation. Makoto Shinkai also once again made me fall in love with his animated vision of Tokyo and the Japanese countryside.. . It's one of those movies that blows it out of the park in some aspects but is a letdown in others. I wish it had ...
Honestly, the voice acting is one of the main detractors of this movie. It makes everything freaking boring. Bro is supposed to be crying and screaming yet it feels like he's having a regular conversation.. . . I'd rather watch fireworks again, than rewatch this dogshit. At least fireworks made me laugh at how bad the dub was, and it gave us a good song out of it.. . Also I think the whole step bro shit was lame, like bruh you can still date her even if your parents marry. Shit is so unnecessary, like you can't be that dumb bruh.. . I did the dumb move of watching ...
This review will be short. But I got nothing to say much since this is a ~4 minute music video.. . The entire song is catchy, but overall, the lyrics and themes are boring and generic. Like come on, can you get more creative than saying that being an idol is nothing more than lies or the fans are being fake with you? So many other previous songs have already been created about these themes and this song only gotten popular because it got played in the anime's first episode and being its OP.. . There are plenty more better songs than this.
So overall I would say the movie was nice like it was just nice, nothing much noting more, I don't know sk.thing didn't just sit right, the movie was nice but yeah somthing felt weird it could have been the ending I don't know, also I can agree with one review that music didn't just sound like the "sparkle" moment or the "grand escape" moment. Overall I would say whoever wrote bad reviews were the people who went with over expectations which usually the movies can't meet. It has happend to me to, for example I felt that the doctor strange would be a really ...
This show is essentially "Lord of the Flies" on a spaceship combined with mecha fights. Children are trapped on a spaceship, attempt to form their own civilization, and fend off unknown enemies for as long as they can. As time goes on, their morale breaks down, and their civilization begins to crumble.. . This show has the pieces to make something special: characters, setting, animation, and story, but average execution affected the overall result.. . There are themes of forgiveness, standing up for what you believe in, and redemption, but some characters often go way beyond delinquent into straight up evil. By the end, I thought some characters ...
Set in the current year of 2011, this show is a pretty specific love letter to a pretty specific era of being a weeb on the internet. It's all about showcasing the different genre of otaku and calling back to the shows that the otaku were fawning over. The creator Jun Inagawa grew up in San Diego, which gives the show an unusually American perspective on otaku, which is why 'weeb' might be the actual correct descriptor for what the show is going for. Adult Swim DNA is all over this. The hard rock/hardbass OP, the distorted low-fi ED, the pre-digital color grading, the shitpost-y ...
The film was an enjoyable watch, a plot a bit rushed in few parts and a little confusing, memorable and amazing soundtracks and a stunning animation that enhanced everything.. . My only complaint is that after watching other film by the same creator you start to sense a patter... even if it isn't really that much of a problem, in some phrases and scenes it feels like your watching the same film again, and it's kinda sad, since I really liked the premises of this one and felt like something was missing.. . I thought I would enjoy this more than I actually did, but every opinion is ...
tl;dr the "best" bad isekai you could ask for. 4.99/10,. . I may be giving this an average rating but that doesn't mean that the show is awful. In fact if you watch a lot of isekai in general you won't want to skip this show. It's a decent enough generic SOL isekai, still leagues ahead of the real ass-tier ones like 8th son, smartphone isekai, harem labryinth isekai (if you haven't seen those don't bother, I gave them a 1/10). But unfortunately it still hits all the tropes of trash-tier isekai and doesn't have the quality or engagement to separate it from worse isekais especially as ...
Let’s talk Suzume. Suzume is Shinkai’s third blockbuster following Your Name and Weathering with You, and his attempt to break away from his traditional “film formula” we know so well from his previous two films. Fundamentally, Suzume itself is a love letter to Studio Ghibli making references to Kiki’s Delivery Service, Whispers of the Heart, and Howl’s Moving Castle; leading Suzume to take shape as an adventure and supernatural narrative attempting to break away from his traditional formula, all to give the audience something different. That said, Suzume was visually stunning, animation well done, SFX and soundtrack fantastic (RADWIMPS again), but the story was simple ...
English.. Look, I know that with the first chapter you will be bored a lot, but if you wait and manage to endure that first episode they will show you several episodes which are very worthwhile, even so do not expect much, most episodes are quite disappointing and their endings are quite abrupt In addition to the fact that they remain very unfinished, I think that there are several that should have been talked about much better and there are several that should have ended much earlier, it depends a lot on how terrified you are or whether you are going to like the series or ...
English.. This second season is like the first one, with new plots and with the same characters but in different circumstances, the truth is the same and nothing is deepened in the characters even so, this anime is made in order to be so, each This episode is very fun and entertaining, to have a great time it is a good option, it sins of the bad points of the previous season but even so I think that this will already be the style of the anime.. . Español.. Esta segunda temporada es como la primera, con nuevas tramas y con los mismos personajes pero en distintas circunstancias, la ...
English.. Well this is the second part of the season which tells us almost the same situations as in the previous season, we see an animation which resembles as if we were watching a manga and I think this part is quite entertaining, what else can I tell you, I think that if you liked the first part of this season you would like this second part without a doubt.. . Español.. Bueno esto es la segunda parte de la temporada la cual nos relata casi las mismas situaciones que en la temporada anterior, vemos una animación la cual se asemeja como si estuviéramos viendo un manga y creo ...
English.. Look at the series, it's not bad, it's quite funny and it comes to seem very entertaining in some episodes that it has, but I also think that it is not a series for everyone, the animation may disappoint many, it is not fluid at all and the It looks like the drawings didn't put much effort into it, all they did was put everything that appeared I believe in the manga in color (I suppose it's based on a manga) and put dubbing on each of the characters, literally while you go Watching this anime series you will also see how all the episodes ...
Reason for watching: I went into this thinking it would be more Comedy than Romance, and had thought some negative reviews were exaggerating.. But honestly not much exaggeration.. . *Mild spoiler as I do give out the basic premise and gave a general layout of the storyline.. . TL;DR at the bottom.. . Let me do a quick review and opinion on this:. . Visuals: Definitely up my alley. I like the animation of the story, the art style of the animation, the OP, and ED. They are beautiful to me. Of course the animation could be better, but is not like this is some shounen show with lots of action, ...
There is a lot to like about this show, but there is one massive key element of it, that really makes it off putting.. . The incest.. . Story and characters: 6. The story seems like really dumb fun. Sure, it's a common isekai formula, but it really seems like they aren't taking it too seriously, and are just having fun with it. Which is why I say there is a lot to like about the show. There is the fun there, but it gets off putting when you include the fact, that one of the isekai'd characters, is the MC's sister, and whom seems really, really, really, really, in ...
Unfortunately, my experience watching Deadman Wonderland was not very satisfactory. Overall, I found the anime weak and disappointing, with a quite annoying protagonist who didn't add much to the plot. Additionally, the main girl was often sexualized in an unpleasant way, which bothered me quite a bit.. . Although the premise of the story is interesting, the overall development of the anime left much to be desired. It was difficult for me to emotionally connect with most of the characters and their journeys.. . However, I must say that Senji Kyomasa and Nagi were the only characters that really caught my attention. Their unique personalities and well-crafted motivations kept ...
*No spoilers for the anime, but I do hint at events in the manga, even if I don't explicitly state them here.*. . Rec is a cute, heartwarming, funny, and emotionally mature romantic comedy which is a pleasure to watch, and continually surprised me with how uncharacteristically realistic it is in its portrayal of a relationship's ups and downs. By all means it should be at least a 7, and indeed, there is nothing about the anime itself which deserves anything less. So why have I rated it a 5? The problem lies with what is simultaneously this anime's greatest strength and most glaring weakness: the story. ...
Worst in Pokemon series best for solo reason Ash otherwise worst supporting cast ever goh is an example of a character that game based show why not worked he is just representing Pokemon go whale players with cheats activate all the time he has taken most of the screen time which was suppose to be an Ash time if they focus on Ash and his battle against the trainers and make his Pokemon shine this would be an perfect Ash sendoff series but spent so much on goh throwing pokeball it is worst experience atleast ending is Awesome. Goh never want to see you. Thankyou Ash and ...
“Oniichan wa Oshimai!” is what happens when You take a pretty interesting premise and turn it into a mindless comedy.. . Let’s get the elephant out of the room - Yes. This show has some really unnecessary loli-type fanservice. Especially in the first and last episodes. Like George Lucas said “It's like poetry, it's sort of, they rhyme”. Not sure that was what he was talking about but…. That said those are the worst offenders when it comes to this so I guess it could be worse…. . The plot revolves around Mahiro Oyama - a 20-ish young hikikomori man that one day wakes up as a… middle school girl. ...
So far, this anime is well confusing. But in a good way. This fact may drive away people but I do suggest that you watch the first 2 episodes, as the 2nd one got me hooked. I'm very excited to see how the story progresses further. Besides the lack of story so far, the animation is some of the best this entire season as well as the music. The op is odd at first but I came around and enjoy it. The ed is absolutely breathtaking. Amazing visuals and the song is perfect. I wonder where this anime is going and I think I'm gonna ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (9). The story is about the journey of Boruto who is Naruto's son. In this anime, Otsutsuki is still not dead and there are still survivors that will become their enemies. Then there is a new power called Karma and it's really unique. You will find a lot of new characters on this series.. . Art (9). The art of this anime is actually good but a lot of people called it trash until several episodes have a high-budget animation which when the Naruto animator is back in the middle episode. It's really cool and make this rating up.. . Sound ...
So.... this got worse.. . In season one protagonist-kun woke up in a world that was thrown back to the stone age and had to use SCIENCE to everything.. . Fine, whatever. I can suspend my disbelief. The whole point of a show is to be entertaining and season 1, for all it's flaws, did that.. . Season two however missed the mark.. . Suspension of disbelief only goes so far. while in season one the "inventions" where somewhat of a reach you could still just shrug them off as eeeeeeeh maybe it's possible. Not in this season though, it's just too much to swallow. What's worse is that most of the time ...
Initial review:. . As this is an original anime, it's anyone's best guess how well the story of Magical Destroyers will play out once episode 12 arrives. That said, with what has been shown in the first three episodes, the development of the plot, characters, and world-building has been coming along together smoothly so far. If it continues at this pace, alongside the superb quality of the animation and art direction, I think Magical Destroyers may end up being the sleeper hit of the season. Time will tell though.. . The OP and ED couldn't be any more different from each other in tone, but both are some of ...
Now I know what you guys thinking after watching the first 3 episodes. . Yeah I know the entire cast is mildly annoying and I know you guys think that the MC is dull and barely even likable but please bear with it at least 3 or 5 more episodes cause the first 3 episodes barely even scratch what Megami no Cafe trying to tell.. This anime is more than just an anime where a dude sees girls underwear and naked bodies, it's a story about keeping the legacy of the loved one who already left you while simultaneously trying to make the life of people (or girls) ...
Moral of the movie. Never hesitate to ask your friends for help. But then again, this would have been just a 1 episode season 2.5 instead of a feature length movie.. . The plot was contrived and artificial that the payoff ending fell flat instead of actually evoking some emotion. There is nothing to see here in terms of story which marred the good part of this movie, which is the animation. It felt like this movie was made for a quick cash grab. I expected it to be a great tide-over until next year's 3rd season but it made me rather ...
The first season of the anime was decent, as it had a clear direction and a "little" interesting aspect, despite not being an Isekai.. However, the second season lacks direction and feels empty. The unique element that made the anime stand out is lost, and the repetitiveness becomes boring right from the start. Characters don't add anything significant to the plot, and their presence feels unnecessary.. The animation is okay, though. I hope the series gets a better storyline if there is a third season.. If you're looking for an anime that doesn't really go anywhere and feels like watching ...
"I Got a Cheat Skill in Another World and Became Unrivaled in The Real World, Too" is an isekai, romance and slice of life anime. And it's not exactly the kind of isekai you would expect, as it does have an interesting twist to the isekai trope, which allows the main character to switch between his world and the other world. Despite that, it does show a lack of progression and development in the third episode, especially as it is being supported by the use of generic elements of a harem isekai. However, one could argue that the third episode was only to show the ...
Remember the STRONC Mother Isekai, yes that one with the weak hero and a STRONC Mother, so much so, that the hero himself questioned whether he is a hero after all. Now, imagine instead of your overkill wielding, enemy bashing, happy beam emanating Okasan, it is your all things -ing Oneesan. Yes, that's the show.. . Plot: Brother of Truck Kun, Minivan Kun is at it again, but, a very big but, this isn't reincarnation. Same with the sister, who well, is so down bad about her brother, she quite literally headbangs herself to the Isekai, and she is OP, while her brother is a ...
Shuumatsu no Izetta (2016). . Marvellous looking for 2016 I must say! A lot of anime from back then almost has like a slightly darker shade over the picture or perhaps looks a bit dull in colour saturation.. . The show is fine, it's pretty good with the action, and the sound of things is well-invested. However, it is also a lot of talking and romance talk without love. By this, I mean that it is basically a show about pretending you don't want someone to do something that you really do want them to do and convincing them of this. You get a classic America or 'Atlanta' ...
Revenger was an average show, neither amazing nor terrible. It was on the borderline of being just fine. One aspect that stood out was the music, which was the best part of the show. The action was decent and the story was alright, though it mostly followed a 'monster of the week' format until the end. If the show had delved deeper into the story and characters, it could have been more compelling. The side characters lacked sufficient backstory and motivation, with only one character receiving some development. If you're looking for something to watch and have nothing else in mind, you probably won't hate ...
Detatoko Princess is an OVA from '97-'98. The OVA is from JC Staff and it's based off of an Okuda Hitoshi manga. Interestingly enough, the OVA came out around the end of the manga's six year run. So, hopefully they had some strong content to work with. I'm really not sure what to expect since I've seen good, mediocre and terrible OVAs, and anime in general, from JC before.. . Story:. . Lapis is the Princess of Sorcerland. One day she causes a floating island to collapse because she wanted to save a falling baby bird and decided that using her magic eraser spell to collapse a ...
Let me preface this by saying I tried SO HARD to like this anime. The manga was written by one of my all time favorite mangakas of all time, I'd heard really good reviews of it, and it seemed like something I'd love.. And to be frank, I don't really have a clear reason WHY I don't like it. Objectively it's not bad. The comedic timing is spot on, the storyline is intriguing, the characters are wonderful (I watched dub bc J Micheal Tatum but I assume the sub is also good), and that opening song is an absolute CLASSIC.. But it just isn't for ...
I remember at the start of the Rona everyone online was talking about this show. So, 3 years late I finally decided to give it a try.. Overall it's a decent watch. The characters are fun and unique (Snack girl is the best character trust me). The art is well done, a lot of really nice cinematography. Having adult characters is always fun and I did get to see what law enforcement is like in Japan. And the plot twist at the end really gets you so I give them a lot of credit for filling this show full of twist and turns without feeling ...
To Quote Mark Watney in The Martian "I'm going to have to science the sh*t out of this.". . That one sentence, is Dr. Stone.. . Before I go any further I want to stress that the idea itself is interesting. Something happened throwing the whole world back into the stone age and then protagonist-kun arrives to save everyone with SCIENCE!. . Fine, Sounds like a great idea for a children's educational show.... but this is clearly not meant for kids though. If anything it's more of a twist on the isekai genre with the OP main character complete with a cast that does nothing but play cheerleader to him.. . This ...
Just finished this to say: Huh. Not Huh? Huh.. . This was Non-Sequitur the movie. Not much would happen, but at the same time, I would end up asking "How did we get here? What are they talking about? How does that relate to what happened before this?" Mixed feelings is what's appropriate for me, did I dislike it? Not, really, it was cute enough. Do I like it enough to potentially watch it again? Eh, I doubt it. Though, I still don't know if it's going to be one of those movies that I'll forget after a day or it's going to randomly pop in ...
Mahou Shoujo Lyrical Nanoha: Lyrical Toy Box is a music video for the Lyrical Nanoha franchise, as well as my introduction to the series per a watch order list. Regardless of where this was intended, this serves effectively as my introduction to the series for better or for worse. To start with, the video has a pretty catchy tune, and unlike Yoko Box, it's a lot tamer and more traditional looking than I'd expect. Nanoha's voice actress expectedly plays her character in this apparent image song, which has a lot to offer besides being pretty to look at.. . To start with, this is our first actual ...
Fast-paced storyline: I'm not enjoying Hibike! Euphonium Movie 3: Chikai no Finale at all.. . Storyline: Personally, I think that the new characters are very interestingly laid out. Many characters, both in the foreground and background, can contribute to a good story. But the problem is that the screening time of the anime movie is very short, and as a result, I didn't enjoy the story at all. Personally, I think Hibike! Euphonium Movie 3: Chikai no Finale should have been a TV series rather than a movie. But at least this movie serves as a prelude to the next season. Please, let's turn it into a ...
Charming? Yes. Complete? Far from it.. I had high hopes after the first few episodes that this would be a cute and funny show to relax go. Sadly, it lost its own premise halfway through, and never quite found its way back.... . Art - Pretty solid. 7/10. . Story - It meanders all over the place and never fully settles on what it wants to do. 4/10. . Characters - A nice departure from expectations overall, and I enjoyed how it played on various tropes. There isn't much character development, but they are likeable and charming. 7/10. . Overall I enjoyed the earlier episodes (where actual househunting was taking place) ...
A series of surreal animated setpieces connected by motifs and implications rather than anything resembling a story. As surrealism, it's more John Ashbery than Kunihiko Ikuhara: there's no dialogue or narration, instead scenes are punctuated by gnomic intertitles that together have the feeling (to me at least) of an oblique prose poem on the nature of artistic creation. The relationship between the scenes and the intertitles is less than obvious, and some of the interest in the film is probably in the way the two intersect and complement each other. Which goes to say, this is a pretty challenging watch and I can't say I ...
The first season of Bofuri I enjoyed a lot more than this one. In the first one, they got pets, created a guild, got members, had guild wars, etc. In this second season, the only thing I remember is now everyone has a pet. There was nothing that was exciting as the first season. Because we know that Maple and all the other guilds are super strong and are basically unkillable. At least in the first season, it seemed Maple had a weakness against Pierce attacks. In this season, it felt more of the same, nothing is really different. Maple and friends go on a ...
A nice AMV, but nothing to listen to on repeat for 13 hours a day.. . The visuals are top-notch, and every scene seems animated with love and affection. On top of that, many of them show some hidden meaning and convey the soul of the story pretty well, so there is not much to discuss there.. Now, it is the music what brings me conflicted feelings. In its base is a mixture of jpop with some rap-ish segments which do the job of not making it feel repetitive and hype up the chorus part; however, if you are a strong rap detractor like me, these kill the ...
I kinda hate animes that hint romance but never go through with it. They even created a ending song just for KOUSETSU. She had such a nice allure to her. The anime even hinted towards KOUSETSU being a tsundere from when she kicked the mc after he was staring at another girls breasts, but the never even showed a bit of dere side for KOUSETSU. KOUSETSU remained cold towards the bitter end. With kirei, she got princess carried, was hoping she would show some interest in mc too, but nope. The ending was so rushed. I can see why people gave it such ...
Being a simple and short 70's manga, it's easy to assume that Devilman would be extremely easy to adapt and that the storytelling can only be improved upon. Somehow, Crybaby manages to make nearly every bit of equivalent material worse, often completely not understanding the necessary pieces to even make the content work in the first place.. Ironically, the more the show heavily departs from the source material, the more some good or at least interesting results come out. Sadly, this is not often. In addition, during perhaps the peak of story's intrigue in the middle turning point with the stadium scenes, the directing is moodally ...
Well, this has been a rollercoaster if not anything, a rollercoaster of good and nothing episodes.. . I didn't have high hopes but I did have good hopes for this show as it has been stuck on my PTW for about 2 years now. After finishing it I can say that it's one of the most mediocre shows I've ever seen. Most of the episodes are nothing episodes with essentially no plot(coming from a slice-of-life enjoyer), this 13-episode show feels like an eternity at times. All the good arcs are rushed leaving the watcher unsatisfied. Saying all this it's undeniable the first 2 episodes set up ...
Kage no Jitsuryokusha ni Naritakute!. . . At least 2 out of 3 children had a very lively childhood in which we constantly played superheroes or other nonsense. Didn't you also feel from time to time that if you found a perfectly shaped stick, it would make a good sword or weapon? This was the imaginative past possessed by most of us.. . This Anime is exactly what I'm getting at with this. Eminence in Shadow is simply cringing and edgy. If I were 14, I'd probably say this is the best anime I've ever seen. Now, however, it was just an amusing comedy isekai for me, which brought ...
While there are some decent upsides to this miniseries, it's ultimately brought down by core issues.. . First, the positive. The art in the show is very beautiful! While it's all winter-themed, I never got tired of looking at the snowy mountains and landscapes, nor the bright lights of civilization contrasting with the cold, stormy night. The music is also a treat to listen to! Both the soulful, melancholy tunes and the jovial European-inspired ones are quite enchanting to the ears! The world itself is quite unique and interesting as well. It had a lot of potential that was, unfortunately, not quite met.. . The story and writing itself ...
It's like fast food from a bad street stall that if you don't have time but want to see bad jokes with ecchi it's fine with its 2:30 minutes per episode. its characters fulfill their role in the plot but they are still generic, the story is clearly rushed due to its short duration but this anime does not seek to have a great story, it only offers jokes and fan service to distract the viewer for a couple of minutes. . the animation is not the best, it can even be bad but it meets what the anime is looking for and since there is nothing ...
Comedy. It comes in many different forms. From comedians making audiences of thousands laugh at his witty jokes, to discord memes that seem to contain the most racist shit of all time, to comedy you watch on a television show. Whether it be a live action (Friends) or a cartoon (South Park), they almost never fail to make you laugh. Now we need to address one thing: when has a show worn out it's comedy? For series like South Park or Family Guy, they've been running for a very long time and still seem to hold up with the comedy. However, when it comes to ...
The first 2 episodes started off as a "so bad it's good" type deal, but as of the 3rd episode the goofy charm has started to wear off. The 3D is atrocious, the art is mid, the animation was strangely good for fleeting moments in the first 2 episodes, but otherwise mid, the sound mixing is off sometimes, and the story and pacing is complete nonsense. The only decent part of the show is the comedy sometimes and VAs. The loli goddess is cute, but annoying basically the second after her albeit cool introduction. Has nothing even remotely deep or interesting to say about religion ...
Rougo ni Sonaete Isekai de 8-manmai no Kinka wo Tamemasu (2023). . You have a generic isekai here with the helpful god bestowing amazing powers, a character who has basically lost everything but has a modest inheritance that seems to make them stinking rich and also has access to things, not powers but things that allows them to become part of high society in an extremely short space of time.. . The show is basically GATE with no magic but mercenaries instead of the Japanese Self Defence Forces. Unlike GATE which was a fantastic time not just because Rory Mercury was awesome. Essentially it's an isekai where a ...
This show begs the only question that only serves to boggle my mind: What's up with sequels that fail to live up to the potential of their former premiere seasons?. . Being the final show to finish out of the paltry Winter 2023 season that is honestly nothing more than a throwback to the COVID days of early 2020, novelist Yumikan's Bofuri was at least back then when the pandemic just started in the Winter season, a breath of fresh air when it came to parodying close premises like SAO on the subject matter. And above all, a potential of a show that has limitless ways to ...
When i see the title of this anime i thought this anime was gonna be a thought provoking,mature,deep and meaningful anime about a god spreading religion in a world where nobody know the concept of god and religion and not to mention the r-17 ratings this anime has.. . Well...i was wrong about the first 4 points, it's not really thought provoking, it's not that mature, there's no deep or meaningful scene either.. . Is this a bad thing ? Not really, especially if you are interested in watching something quite wild.. . . Let me start by saying that the cast in this anime is dominated by degenarate.. . There's a booze addict ...
Is this Ishuzoku Reviewers the wholesome version?. . An airheaded teenager is unknowingly the most powerful person on the planet, and thanks to a never ending stream of coincidences, is given the opportunity to obtain the powers of several "beast" girls, while also making them part of his harem.. . If you're looking for an anime where the most powerful female beings in existence all fall head over heels for the local 15 year old boy and want to call him master, you've come to the right place.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 7/10. -----------------------------------------------. . It's fine I guess. The art looks clean enough, the characters have some decent ...
“Call of the Night” is what happens when You slap a synthwave colour palette on a story about two indecisive morons.. . Now, before someone gets an aneurysm let me say this. The premise is top notch. To be honest that’s the best part of the show but it does have some more highlights. The use of colour in the backgrounds is very, very good (shame the same can’t be said about the use of colour on characters) and the framing ala “Mr. Robot”, even if sometimes used without thinking, is a nice touch. The problem is the writing of the plot and characters.. . We follow ...
Campfire Cooking in Another World With My Absurd Skill is one of those anime which I randomly came across. Then, I proceeded to give it a try, as per my instincts. It starts off with a suspenseful and scary scene, where no context is given whatsoever. There is a group of random people, one of them being our protagonist, who are confronted by a large wolf-like creature. It is said to be the legendary Fenrir, the mythical creature who is considered god-like and whose strength is unparalleled. The same Fenrir, is attracted to the MC, because he cooks delicious food. He forms a bond called ...
So I don't mind the Main Characters like the father and mother. What gets to me is the nonchalant attitude of the daughter... who literally made this a bigger issue by being so oblivious... her whole demeanor is garbage and unredeemable. Her parents are getting attacked and tortured do to her nearly spectrum level ignorance.... all garbage... . other then that, I like that the husband and wife are on the same page and can talk things out rationally and make intuitive decisions based on quick thinking.. . There is not much else to talk about this show, there are the mobsters and the family and that ...
I hate to be one of those people, I really do, but I’ll open up with saying… seriously, the anime is not that good. It is genuinely quite godawful. I both do and don’t understand the huge boom in popularity Eminence in The Shadow has garnered since its anime debut, and whilst it deserves it, it seems it’s “not for the right reasons”. Now that I’ve gotten your attention, Kage no Jitsuryokusha ni Naritakute (Otherwise known as, Eminence in The Shadow) is an isekai, and your seemingly typical boring power fantasy isekai at that. But no, it’s so, so much more, in that there is ...
To put it plainly, it was just too boring.There needs to be more substance to these main characters then exaggerated caricatures. You have as main characters, the clueless and bland Jun and the friend-zoned buff and masculine Tomo. This anime is basically a repetitive cycle of:. . - Tomo blushing and panicking in front of Jun. - Tomo trying to be more "girl". - Jun reacting like a bro dude anyway while trying not to look at her voluptuous assets. - Ends with both of them bruised after punching each other. . Granted I only made it through 3 episodes. But with each episode being around 20 minutes and seeing that formula ...
Firstly, I should preface that this show will probably only be enjoyable to people who have already seen the earlier series and who want more Di Gi Charat. This show's main appeal is to returning fans who already enjoy the franchise, it doesn't give new watchers much of a reason to care.. . As someone who really enjoyed the original Di Gi Charat series and who's watched everything in the franchise, my feelings on this latest installment are mixed. Compared to the other installments in the franchise, it was pretty mid. It wasn't the worst installment so far, but I don't feel this show did the ...
I was a huge fan of the first season of Osomatsu-san, mainly due to how the characters were portrayed in a way that showcases their unique personality, and how they incorporated certain jokes that built their characters.. . . In this season however, it is clear that the jokes seemed forced and stale. . . For instance, some of the episodes involved several random boring skits that looked like they were forced in just because they had a lack of content. The general flow of the episodes were also similar, in a sense that it was boring. . . . The only reason why I continued this season is because of my emotional attachment with ...
Saw this on cinema last night! I must admit that it's the director's weakest work to date.. I did enjoy the film and had a good time while watching it so that's entirely the reason why it's getting an 8.. . If we're talking plot wise... it's definitely lacking something. The film is 2 hours long but somehow it felt like everything was resolved quickly? Like there wasn't any problem to begin with. The vibe is exactly the same as all of the director's previous works so.. if you don't enjoy ''recycling'' this is not the film for you.. . This whole last paragraph would make you think ...
Hanebado! is the first of my attempts in the sports anime world and even though the story certainly won't wow audiences, there's so many little things that they did well that made me, at the very least, appreciate what this anime series is. As someone who used to play badminton a lot, though not at a high level, I loved those finer details.. . Story & Characters: Hanebado! starts us out with us viewing Nagisa Aragaki, who is very clearly competing at a tournament, and lost 21-0. This is obviously a hard blow to anyone who plays badminton competitively and sets us up real well ...
Makoto Shinkai is a one-dimensional filmmaker and Suzume no Tojimari is a strong example of his limits as a creator. Your Name was a smashing success: so good, in fact, that many believed this would usher in a new Studio Ghibli-esque era of Japanese animated films. While those expectations seemed fair at the time, Shinkai's ceiling has now been set after two consecutive disappointments in Weathering With You and Suzume no Tojimari and it is very safe to say that he is not capable of repeating his success in means other than recycling past ideas. It seems to me like Makoto Shinkai is desperate to ...
Although I gave it a 10/10, I have to say that the ending was not interesting at all.. What does it mean? (ok)?, is it over now? WTF. why did he say such a thing? I mean, this is not interesting for the end .. I think the strong point of this movie was right before the end. A romantic and relaxing scene, which unfortunately was completely destroyed due to the untimely addition of comedy (with a call).. I only gave this anime a full score because I like it. Otherwise, I think a 7/10 would have been more appropriate.. In the end, I must ...
I don't dislike season 3, but I don't love it. I think it's mediocre. If you're a big Overlord fan, you will enjoy it. If not, much like season 2- you will find it to be kind of bland. Don't get me wrong though- there are many good parts to this season. But like season 2, it's kind of a cluster mess with a bunch of plots that don't really interwine, as well as new characters that no one cares about which we pretty much know will die anyways.. . To sum up the plot without spoiler: basically this season is Ains Ool Gown continuing his quest ...
Edit: My initial review is based on misunderstanding the intent and humor of the show. Honestly, it might be cultural but the first episode sets you up for an intentional misunderstanding. I still would not recommend it persay; but, it's not atrocious and still better than a lot of other shows this season. So I'm changing this review from not recommended to mixed feelings.. . This anime seems to really play up the clueless naivety of a young teenager who gets crazy fantasy powers that he can also use on modern day earth. He's so clueless (the cultural humor I spoke of) and purehearted that he'll use ...
Watched March 2023. This review contains no spoilers.. . A space "80 days around the world" with high stakes is a great premise for an anime, and the characters here are presented as so cliché that they're fun and likeable from episode one.. . Unfortunately, the writing and development of the plot is shoddy and while I can excuse most caveats of watching an aging show, there's a lot of wasted potential here, in the sense that most issues addressed are superficial and most would-be dramatic climaxes are completely irrelevant to the character development that ensues.. . When this lack of effort demonstrated by the writing is joined by the ...
Lovely Complex is good! Overall it's pretty cute at times and I really like the whole short boy/tall girl dynamic, ALTHOUGHHHHH there are a lot of things that I did fuss over while watching it.. . 1. At times, there were too many comedic relief moments throughout the entire show and it got reaaaally annoying at some point. There could be a really serious situation going on and then suddenly some goofy ass frame of Koizumi would appear and it'd totally ruin the suspense. If you're really not into dumb comedy segments that aren't really necessary, LoveCom has SOOOOOO many of those so watch out if you ...
I started this anime the day it aired and the first episode definitely exceeded my expectations.. Everyone is either saying that this anime sucks or either its AMAZING but im not sure i agree with both.. In terms of over-rated or under-rated, it is definitely over-rated, it is not an EPIC mystery/thriller anime however it is pretty good.. The animation is so-so, the characters are pretty realistic, and idk WTF is wrong with the daughter's mental health but yea theres def smth wrong with her. The father seems like a general dude who has a daughter...and stuff?. The second episode kinda bored me, but it ended in a cliff-hanger ...
Bro i watched a video on how "Bocchi the Rock! Is the ONLY ANIME to ever get musicians right!" And then he shows like 2 examples (both from the first two episodes), and promptly forgets the rest of the show. Like i was literally tricked into thinking i would love this show, THIS SHOW DOES IN FACT NOT GET MUSICIANS RIGHT, LIKE, AT ALL.. . After the first 2-3 episodes it drops that facade real fucking fast. Like sure, the show is fine, and its very creative. But when one of the two reasons you start watching was just a lie, and the other is overblown, ...
My wife and I saw this in theaters last night. The fact that she and I were among just nine total people there for that movie on the second night it's available for viewing really speaks to how far anime movies, and anime as a whole, still has to go here in the United States, but that's a discussion for another day.. . If you take a peek at my profile, specifically the favorites section, you'll find a Shinkai movie among my all time favorites, several others rated highly on my list and Shinkai himself listed among my favorite anime-associated characters and people. Plainly, I'm a genuine ...
I love Digimon franchise. Every new series is different and makes it feel fresh, even if the similar formula is used (like evolving, which is crucial part of any Digimon). Ghost Game was no exception for this. But this time they took a different approach. As the title of the series implies, is kind of horror story. And maybe it's not as scary as the horror movies, but it gets some creepy moments. That kind of story is even more different than all the other series compared together.. . When it started it had a very great potential. First episode was big with plot revolving around digimon ...
This really does come across as if someone asked Kizuna, Ai if she wanted an anime, and this was the result. Not that makes it bad, far from it. But from looking at it as a whole, and watching shows like it. You can start to see it's direction already, and already tell for yourself, if you wish to continue it.. . Story and characters: 6. The for my book,really comes off as if it's a new gacha game, that is cutesy, and follows a story, with some under tones here or there with it. With the 'gameplay' parts, being when you're singing, as if you're playing Dance ...
This isekai is for those looking for something laid-back, casual, easy-going, and with no stakes. Oh, and for those who love food. The anime is incredibly comfy in its characters, atmosphere, plot, and especially in its drama, as there is none. The stakes couldn't be lower for a character transported into an unknown fantasy world. The anime's focus is clearly on its slice of life atmosphere, cooking scenes, and the hilarity that ensues from the unique situations that the main character, Mukouda, brings to this world. What honestly surprises me the most is that this anime seems to be setting up for another season. I ...
Did everyone write their review before all 24 episodes was aired or something? I mean no one is talking about the absolutely unforgivable CGI usage. Its so painful to the eyes, it feels incredibly soulless and stiff. The animators mustve been held at gun point and forced to finish the series ASAP to ride the hype of the manga i guess cause theres no way anyone couldve thought this crap was acceptable. It was so hard to get into the goals and the one on ones because the animation was so horribly done it mightve been better to watch some child try to recreate the ...
It's a generic Isekai of Hero and Demon King, but the plot was well written and became an interesting story to watch. MC Onmyouji is an interesting differentiator that I really appreciated, but I think it could have been better explored.. . Both the magical system of the anime is poorly explained and poorly explored, but the isekai world magic is very intuitive so it did not become a problem but could be better. The Onmyouji magic is less explained and explored which seems like a flaw since the story is about an Onmyouji. The MC uses a variety of spells but we don't know much about ...
Brief overview:. . Story: 6/10. Multiple parallel worlds setting. Plot was a little confusing at times.. Art: 6/10. Indie.. Sound: 6/10. Mic noise present for certain characters and basic sound design.. Character: 5/10. Cast has different personalities, but little development.. Enjoyment: 5/10. Felt a little rushed.. Overall: 5/10. A little too short for what it's trying to be.. . More in-depth overview:. ...
Interesting premise, had it on my list for a while and was excited to watch it thinking it'll just be wholesome and family friendly.... . It's another fetish anime! Which fine if your thing, but honestly...was just tiring getting through it when I was expecting something wholesome.. . Can make you uncomfortable, like you're watching something you're not supposed to watch.... . Watch if you like:. -Everything about these young girls being sexualized from trimming their toe nails to taking pictures of their legs.. -Don't really know how women work tbh. -U sus.. ...
The Pet Girl of Sakurasou is a series I kind of stumbled upon, and halfheartedly watched episodes once or twice at a time. It's mostly pulled in by a pretty strong middle bunch of episodes and while I certainly like what it did with the story as a whole, individual character story arcs felt half done at times.. . Story & Characters: The Pet Girl of Sakurasou starts us out with Sorata Kanda. He has a strong attachment to multiple stray cats and this, along with his somewhat problematic behaviour caused him to be exiled from the regular students dorms, and thrown into Sakura Hall ...
As a person who watches anime a lot I have watched many isekai's before. I watched the most trashiest isekai's to the best of the best. And I gotta say most isekai's are trash, and this one........... is trash. In this case I use the word trash as another meaning for generic so it's pretty interchangeable in this sense. Now let's mark down the list of what makes this show so generic.. Did the MC get reincarnated. Yes.. Did the MC get bless with OP powers. Yes.. Does the MC get a harem. Yes.. Did the MC get transported into a fantasy setting. Yes.. Could this have ...
It's really hard to rate this anime, as it requires a certain taste to enjoy such. Depending your taste, will determine if you like this anime or not. But if this kind of style isn't for you, then it's best to move on.. . Story and characters: 6. The story feels like one massive troll job. Presenting itself as something else, when it's not that at all. As if that is part of it's comedic stick. Which if it lands for you, then you for sure are going to get amusements out of it. But if it doesn't, then it's going to be a mild OK show that ...
This review will not contain any spoilers for what happens in the show or any of the characters, but for my review to make sense I must convey that there are more points of view this time around. Long story short, this season is slow, and I don't mean that it lacks action, a lot of shows can have a pretty fast pace with little to no action, and season 1 of Vinland saga had plenty of low-action episodes that weren't all that slow.. . Story - 6/10. The 6/10 is a gross over simplification, it feels a lot more like several different shows that would probably be ...
The manga is a 9-10 but I found this anime to be just a 6-7. The only other mangas I would rate as 9-10 are Ranma and Berserk.. All of them have a great panel distribution and the content is top notch. Meanwhile the anime has these boring times every now and then, which is understandable in the media as you have to adapt to its pacing.. . Each time the adaptation tries to innovate results in content with a lesser quality. There are many cases of episodes that could have fit 3 manga chapters but went instead with stretched 2 chapters.. I mostly agree with their selection of ...
Part of this review:. Animation | Story | Rewatchable. . In my opinion, this anime has a good animation, and they captured the fisheye perspective perfectly in some of the shots, The animation is very cartoonish too as expected from slice of life anime. The way their facial expressions has some mind of bounciness is very unique, which is good to take a break from the usual serious and intense animation.. . The story is, as expected from slice of life and comedy anime, is not heavy. You can enjoy this anime on your free time or when you just got back from work. Some people might not like the ...
I stumbled upon this just to quench my Kirby addiction.. . I recommend this if you're learning Japanese since it helps if you're maybe in the early stages of learning kanji.. . Since this is an educational video for 1st graders and there technically isn't any animation it's just a PowerPoint presentation, I wouldn't classify this as an Anime.. . Anyways from my perspective as a Native Japanese Speaker, I would say that if I were in elementary I would have liked watching this as a kid at maybe the public library VHS section. It's a little too childish for an adult to be watching now, but if you're a Nintendo ...
Went back to finish this after having dropped it a while ago, though sweet it ultimately fell short of really delivering much of a cohesive and interesting storyline. It is without a doubt a well animated and sweet highschool romcom, but it does not bring much more than a very surface level story and mediocre attempts to establish depth in its characters. Saying this I did still enjoy the show and its way to, atleast try, give all its parts some character. Its fun and sweet for what it is and if you are looking for just that I can not not recommend this. I ...
Loved the show, but the only thing that won't sit right with me is the reason why he wants to return to his world, you've already become the most powerful lord in another world, where magic and things you can't even think possible IRL exist, and yet somehow you wish to return to your world where you'll most likely have to work a boring 9/5 for the rest of your life. Make it make sense.. . Overall I think the show was great, lot of fun and ridiculous moments, I wouldn't go too hard on rating an Isekai Harem, it's well written enough and has a lot ...
Do you want to see Evangelion before Evangelion took a definite form? look no further than this series, which is simply a preamble to what Hideaki Anno made with that one, and I mean that it's a preamble in the true sense of the word not only in terms of visuals and scenes copied and pasted but also because it de facto encapsulates every virtue and sin (oh no the christian symbology from Ultraman and Ultraseven has taken hold of me too! help me! No, wait, I'm an Ultraman fan too, everything's OK) of that series, in turn the virtues and sins of the creator, ...
This show is so overrated. Watched it and it was ok but like the reviews here are all like 10/10?. . Feels like just the same formula of any shounen with a new big baddy thats stronger than all the old big baddies and then ass pull powerup for the MC. There isn't even a conclusion yet and this whole series revolved around rewriting over old backstory in the most uninspired way possible to give more chosen one vibe to the MC. Even 13 episodes felt like a lot since you can guess what was going to happen half way through and the second half was slow ...
Animation was mostly average, not very flashy, but not offensive. Well, the cg was especially ugly. However it was pretty consistent with no notably janky animation to speak of. Voice acting was average and annoying. No stand outs, don't like that the protagonist sounds like a girl. I don't have a problem with a woman voicing and boy, it's quite common. However, since the dub casting choice are so limited I've heard this voice actor play a multitude of female characters so can't really hear anything, but a girl the entire time. The Japanese voice acting is a little more ambiguous, which was much more ...
On my way to finish all Makoto Shinkai’s featured-lengths.. . Now the premise of this movie was one that actually fascinated me. The physics of parallel universe and it’s connection with dream is not super new, but it’s a cool and mind-blowing concept. I liked how the movie set up the premise by making the tower a mysterious being. Also I loved the idea of the two characters connecting with each other through dreams.. . However, I think since this is his earliest feature, Makoto-sama couldn’t fully realize this concept. The movie was more grounded than it should have been, but the most regretful part was the connection ...
This anime was definitely a wild ride. If you like animes such as Dororo, Babylon, Tokyo Ghoul, Hell's Paradise or even Chainsaw Man then this is definitely worth checking out.. . It's another one of those that leaves one with the moral questioning and is not for the faint of heart at all. It's focus is mainly on the morals, the story, and not necessarily on telling a lot of background and the likes about most of the characters - just a trend since a while.. . If you're into bloody journey's, characters you'll like that you maybe shouldn't like (JJK, CSM, and the family are waving) then, once ...
I'm going to go easy on this one. Miyazaki Goro, Hayao's son, made this movie. He excels in static forms of art (architecture).. . So first things first: the author of the original story passed away before finishing. No one knows what happens next. The staff dealing with this movie were young animators - which explains why there are lighting issues. The movement is okayish, sometimes dull, almost unfinished. The storyboard needs more work and is tedious at times. I'd give this a 4/10, but considering it can be a good watch for little kids, I'm giving two extra points.. . It's a movie you'd put on ...
The anime is so infuriating,. . A little bit of me wants to give it another chance but the same repetitive sequence of jokes combined by how frustrating the lack of development the story has makes it extremely jarring.. . At first the concept seemed great and i was captivated but it reached the point where it was ceaseless and annoying and none of the characters appealed to me-id much prefer it if we don’t hear about the uncles past life at all and we just see him with superpowers in the current life.. . . I can see the appeal especially after the bland isekai genre curses us so often but ...
This series is visually stunning and its story is compelling but it is held back by a weirdly rushed editing style. Everything from the animations to the dialogue are given so little time to leave an impact on the viewer. Watching this anime you'd think that the footage was sped up, but it's not. This issue gets worse especially during fight scenes where the camera is zooming around so fast it's hard to keep track of what is happening on screen. The story sequences are less fast but the dialogue is still cut so closely together that I found it difficult to understand what was ...
Last March, I came across a YouTube Short titled “This is NOT Actually an Anime Series” by Kito Senpai. The video introduced it as a music video animated by TOHO Animation and Wit Studio with the music composed by Hiroyuki Sawano and sung my Motohiro Hata. The YouTuber went on to praise the video for its gorgeous animation and soundtrack. Curious, I decided to look it up and found its entry on both AniDB and MyAnimeList. I then found the video on YouTube and gave it a watch to see what’s it about.. COLORs is a 3 minute long music video which was released on TOHO ...
JUST FINISHED THIS ANIME and let me just say I really wish I could rate this anime a 10/10. I can't because as much as I loved nearly every aspect of it, the ending was TOO MUCH, too fantastical for the very little time they had and considering the things they had already established. If the series had 24 episodes and they were able to flesh out certain characters and plot holes and especially the last 4 episodes a bit more, I would have easily given this a 10/10.. . I am a very simple person and am a sucker for pretty things so I will say ...
Its called "gansta." cause they didn't finish "gangster", missing the last piece!. . So sad! This must be what getting cucked is like.. . Mal says this review needs more information, well this is how I feel about the show! It just ends, so abruptly! I get the studio went bankrupt, but no one was willing to finish it and make a second season??? Really??? Sad!!!!. This thing has a 7.4X despite being half baked, imagine how high it would be were it finished.. . . Is the story unique? If it was predictable, did you enjoy it anyway because you like this genre/set-up?. Do you think the art style is fitting for ...
Want to know how to not do ecchi? You got it.. . Want to know why the focus is on being persistently horny with it being the only source of fuel for battle and a lot of nudity but that's all censored out? You've got it.. . Want to know how to get horny without actually doing anything truly sexual? You got it.. . Want to know how to completely disappoint any possible every enemy battle with the least amount of effort? You got it.. . Would you like terrible characters that have no depth for development, relevance to the story or even just worthwhile traits that are beneficial to the the entire ...
“Ningen Fushin: Adventurers Who Don't Believe in Humanity Will Save the World” is what happens when You mix an awesome premise with terrible writing.. . We follow a cadre of four adventurers. Each and everyone of them was somehow betrayed by the people they trusted the most. As such they have severe trust issues and addictions that help them cope with their trauma. Understanding their situation and complications from their personal histories they decide to form an adventurer party to help them earn money for their addictions and to keep themselves from shattering mentally. So far so good. The premise is amazing.. . As for our social trainwrecks:. Nick ...
"We All Chose You To Disappear".. . How would our world be if such a game really existed?. . Ryota Sakamoto is a NEET, "NEET= Not educated, employed, or trained", he likes to spend his time on online survival games, and one day he wakes up dangling from a tree to find out he is now a participant in a real-life survival game in a remote island.. . Everything in this anime gives me mixed feelings. Survival games are an attractive idea for an anime but it has to be executed with high quality, otherwise, it'll flop. The story is interesting and can make you watch it in one session, but ...
Bleach: Sennen Kessen-hen is a bit of a mixed bag. The pacing of the series is uneven, with some episodes feeling like filler and others rushing through important plot points. The animation is decent but fails to bring the story and characters to life in the same way the previous series did. There are many returning characters, however little time is spent on them and the viewer is expected to know who everyone is. There are also new characters who are introduced but they lack the depth and complexity of those from previous seasons. Overall seeing fan favorite characters return ...
Romantic sort of shows can impact in many different ways, and with the fact there is a lot of them, it makes it harder and harder to stand out among the crowd.This show is different however, taking a different spin on things, but proving to be a bit...Uneasy to watch to boot.. . Story and characters: 6. I'm giving this a higher grade, as when you look at the different kind of characters. There is a lot to like about them. They feel like real characters, and naturally flow together. Not to mention Anna is sweet, even if she's a bit careless at times. However, it's not all ...
The animation is excellent, but the whole experience is bogged down by the narrative's attempt to tackle the themes in a serious, straight-faced manner, while also having the action that those themes are founded on render it mostly weightless.. . The slice of life elements were enjoyable, but whenever it started diving deeper into the plot, I found myself bored and wanting to move on. The biggest issue I have is that it feels like there are no real stakes, that no one important is ever really at risk while bullets are flying everywhere. The futuristic elements and the near supernatural marksman and athletic abilities of ...
I enjoyed the magic in the anime, and hope they expand more with it. It felt like the main girl with the white hair was developing some sort of power towards the end of the series; as well as exponential character growth. I would love to see that character growth be cemented in her character during season 2. A couple complaints: fursonas of course. I do not personally like it when animes use fursonas, as it can get weird really fast. And lolis. Once again, this is just a grab for attention from perverts. But none of the actual anime content is perverted, which is ...
When I started with anime, there was novelty. The bottom of the barrel was an easy 8/9 for me with this show probably being the same. Now I am slowly becoming more and more critical, still not truly there. The TLDR once the novelty wears off the show just gets boring.. . I honestly feel sad because the concept of this show, at least in my opinion, could've been a made into a 10/10 fun show to watch, I explicitly say fun as for me there are two types of shows. The fun shows like Bleach and the deep shows like FMAB/LOGH. I also have guilty pleasure ...
Fan Service defines it. Not nudity kind of fan service, though.. . The art and animation is quite good so you may like the show, but the characters and the story is as plain as in the game... here is where the "fan service" comes in: If you are a fan of the game (like myself) you will find yourself quite enjoying it because unlike other game adaptations the characters are actually using their game moves, using their special and combos and even the basic attacks. The fights are pretty well animated and you can really see Darkstalker in them... but if you never played the games ...
That will be a review or the whole 5 movies/episodes of spin off series of the Code Geass, Akito the Exiled.. . It begins somewhat in character to overall Code Geass and showcase what have happened elsewhere in the world while Lelouch was busy with his Black Rebellion.. . In fact it even finds a clever way of inserting some of the main characters into the show, even though they only play a minor role.. . Knighmare Alexander that all the main characters are using is cleverly designed and overall makes a good fit into the Code Geass world.. . However while first two episodes are still mostly faithful to the original, ...
Before going to see this movie, a part of me was hoping that Shinkai, an artist who broke through the anime industry as an indie outsider, and who has enjoyed so much commercial and critical success over the last few years, would finally offer us a more nuanced or unconventional approach to his thematic obsessions, even if it came wrapped up in the usual aesthetically pleasant presentation we're already used to.. . And in a way, I feel like I got that; besides the beautiful animation and impressive background, storyboarding, editing and 2D/CG blending, Suzume felt to me like a much more realized experience than Your Name ...
If you're thinking about using this as an introduction to Penguindrum: don't.. These movies are, by necessity, an incredibly abridged version of the Penguindrum story. They took out a lot of the worst parts about the show, but they also took out a lot of the best parts as well. Part of the fun of Penguindrum is the slow descent into the story and detailed build-up followed by the satisfying pay-off, but these movies go at an absolutely breakneck speed the entire way through. It does not give the viewer room to ponder the questions which the story presents, before either shifting to an entirely ...
Let me just say, #JusticeForDaijin 🥲. . But if that doesn't say enough, here's a proper review:. . (Positives). + Lives up to the typical standard expectations of a comix wave film production (amazing visuals, animation, music), if you were looking for something similar to Kimi no na wa (Your Name) or Weathering with you, this is it.. + This film got jokes. It definitely ranks as the funniest out of the three. + ikemen. . (Negatives). - Plot is boring and cheesy. It's very repetitive and has no clear direction. Can't tell whether I could even call it a coming-of-age or romance movie. I'd say it's a movie that involves those themes, but they're ...
I decided to write this review in 'mixed feeling', since I know somebody may like or don't like this anime. Somes may think it's not unique or boring someway, or may have nice plot and interesting.. While the anime' content not thrilled enough for me, its main plot + sub plot is great tbh, actually I love the plot twist. I was confused about the ending but then I realized that it also has season 2, so I am looking forward to it (a little bit tho) and hope that I could enjoy it more than the first season.. Overall, the character development is normal, animation + ...
Vermeil in Gold is an example of a good story told poorly.. . At the story's beginning, it looks like this anime has nothing special. Instead, it started like an average anime without anything to highlight.. . The last three chapters will change your mind. Vermeil in Gold is a story with a lot of potential and with characters' personalities very well built.. . Sadly, in a world with thousands of average animes and strong competition, it is the author's responsibility to create a story that catches the audience's attention from the beginning.. . Sadly, the poor storytelling of Vermeil in Gold will cause the majority of the audience could lose interest in ...
The animation, character design and lighting are top tier but there really isn't much else. . The start sets it up to be a great series but it falls off hard around half way, there are far too many plot twists that make it so there is no distinct villains by the end of the series and It also lacks reason behind many of the plot points , together this makes it very confusing. The fights are great and very well animated but lack the length to really be called an actual fight scene.. . Finally the ending is very poor and lacks reason behind its decision as well ...
“Fuuto Tantei” is what happens when You decide to create a campy love letter to the Saturday morning superhero flicks.. . We follow the work of a pair of detectives (and their assistant after the first arc) that also happen to be able to transform into a Kamen Rider - a superpowered hero that protects the city from monsters called Dopant. That’s the gist of it. It has that campy “monster of the week” vibe that shows like Kamen Rider, Super Sentai or Power Rangers all had. It’s just big, dumb, fun. Nothing more, nothing less.. . As for the main cast:. Shotaro Hidari - Our main hero, the ...
The concept of Blue Lock is intriguing and unique, as it focuses on creating a team of individual strikers who can outperform each other in order to become the best. The show sets up a competitive atmosphere where players are pitted against each other in high-stakes matches, with only the best making it to the national team. This leads to some intense moments and gripping drama, as players struggle to prove their worth and secure a spot on the team.. . One of the strengths of the anime is its character development. Each player in Blue Lock is given their own backstory, motivations, and unique playing style. ...
There hasn't been a review yet of this anime, so I'll give it a shot. "Kentauros no Densetsu" is a somewhat obscure 80s OVA about bikers and motorcycle racing. While it does have some decent moments and ideas, it also has a lot of flaws weighing it down.. . Starting off with the animation, it's mostly a mixed bag. For the 80s some of the scenes are very well done, especially some of the racing scenes which have the camera floating around giving the illusion of 3D space even though the art is always 2D. The background art is a little bland by today's standards, the notable ...
I started it because my friends recommended it to me. It has a great story, plots and ideas. The male protagonists Yuki and Kyo are well written. But Tohru Honda (the female protagonist) is the most annoying anime girl I’ve ever seen. She’s an extreme Mary Sue character and cries in every single episode for silly reasons. And her voice makes me very uncomfortable (this is personal) I can’t say she is a bad character but she’s not for me. Also, some jokes in the series are very cringe to me, I can’t even laugh. Overall, this is a very average anime and I will ...
Junk Food: The Anime is nothing more than its title, a consumable like a hundred others meant to pass the fleeting time idly by in slice of life entertainment, but of course, with a twist that's meant to sustain its identity, uniqueness unnecessary. For Himouto! Umaru-chan, it's Doma Umaru who lives a perfect 16-year-old life whenever outside the apartment she and her big brother Taihei live in, a polar opposite to the situation within the building's confines as she mushes into a rotten freeloading bloodsucker of finances and tranquility. She echoes the NEET lifestyle bar her surreal exterior "UMARU~N" transformation when the situation arises and ...
Suzume more like Snoozume. . This movie was honestly fine but like all the other Shinkai films the plot makes zero sense and it is just musically manipulative with very pretty visuals.. . The romantic aspect of the movie was hella random like they meet and she in love w him cuz he kinda pretty but bro is a chair for the whole movie like when is there a chance to develop feelings?. . Its just basically your name or wearhering with you but a little worse in every aspect.. I found myself getting bored theoughout the movie wondering when the big climactic scene where they blast the nice ost ...
In 2011, Subaru got legendary anime studio Gainax to create a web anime called Wish Upon The Pleiades, which turned out to be a nice little gem successful enough to warrant its own TV series. Honda, having seen this, must have wanted a piece of the pie, so they got famous director Junichi Sato to create a similar anime for them: One Off.. . It would be remiss to say that One Off wasn't inspired by Wish Upon The Pleiades. Aside from borrowing the idea of "cute girls teach us about life to sell vehicles", one of the characters in One Off has almost identical glasses and ...
Recommended with a big asterisk.. . Bottom line: if you like CGDCT, yuri, and ecchi, then you will enjoy Slow Start. It is a PG-13 teaser, with enjoyable fan service and lots of yuri flirtations between the characters, especially so between Eiko and her teacher. But there is no nudity, nothing explicit, just a lot of joking and CGDCT.. . The plot is minimal. The anime writers and producers let us down, suggesting a number of story lines that just fizzled out before they could get interesting. The art style is sort of classic for CGDCT, and may not be everyone's cup of tea.. . I may ...
Another case of BSD struggling with whether it wants to be good or not.. . The flashbacks as always, are the best moments of the show. Always masterfully written with great direction that makes a solid one-off story. The overarching plotline on the other hand is a mess. Somehow always making a writing misstep after a good scene. You'd think "How is that possible? It's just a backstory, it takes away from the current events." but when you look at the show holistically, the flashbacks existing in a bubble outside the current events is exactly the reason why it's the only parts of the show that has ...
*SPOILER FREE REVIEW*. Makoto Shinkai comes in once again with another of his beautiful invigorating pieces of art, Suzume no Tojmari. However as a fervent enjoyer of Shinkai's works, I feel as though this film while still enjoyable and well made, is closer to weathering with you than the masterpiece your name, and arguably the weakest in the last 3 films.. . Animation: 10. . Starting off with the animation, this is one place where I am never disappointed when watching these films. The animation looked really nice crisp with attention to detail, fire effects and just overall really alluring and amazing as always, captivating from start to finish.. . Story: ...
This anime was nothing special or neither it was extremely bad, it just felt empty and had nothing to offer compared to the first season which was just amazing in my eyes (for someone who has not read the manga). also this anime looks like a bridge for the upcoming season which i will be watching in the future and maybe then i would edit this review right here,, overall this is not a season which would make you go wow! or anything like that, only reason you would want to continue watching this season would be the excitement that the first season might have ...
First of all, since I watched all 3 sequels in one day. So I can clearly see the difference in the quality of work. In this sector, the quality of the picture has dropped significantly. The number of frames is used sparingly. Causing the image to not flow at some point But when it comes to key scenes, it's not that bad. In this part is more relaxed than the previous part (or because I'm used to the unpredictability of this story, I don't know haha), so it looks funny and fun for the most part. There is ...
More of a content warning than a review:. . So I was kind of enjoying this weird 30 minute music video OVA thing where the vocal mixing sounds like the guy is singing out of a shoebox when all of a sudden in the third or fourth song the n@zi symbol suddenly shows up very prominently on the blonde guy's armband and took me right out of the moment. It was rotated so it was definitely what I thought it was. I'm honestly not sure what they were trying to say? Is it a seriously misguided aesthetic choice? Was that part of the original anime?. . I really don't ...
If you love ramen, this anime is for those who want to not only have eating partners in the form of girls consuming the dish, but discover variations of the dish they didn’t know was possible.. . For viewing I’d say you’re likely to skip to the part where they begging to eat ramen than watching the episodes as a whole. The story is mainly a girl named Koizumi who enjoys and/or loves eating ramen, but she’s not the main character despite the title having her name on the title. The main character is a stalker simp girl who tries to get close to Koizumi which is ...
My Latinos would agree that "Perfect Blue" is very similar to that Spanish show from mid 2000s called "Mujeres Asesinas" 😆, which is about women who committed attrotious crimes and their drives to commit those crimes.. Turns out that the producer of the show was inspired by "Perfect Blue".. Perfect Blue is about a pop star who aspires to become an actress and unfortunately becomes the victim of a stalker. Her personal information gets published on the internet(mind you, this is the 90s), and in that time span many murders start to take place. The main character "Mima" starts to lose a grip on reality ...
I'd say this anime doesn't appeal to those who don't already know the Obey Me characters; sure, you can understand fine, but there's no attachments to be formed with such short episodes. It was fine as a sort of slice of life, but I don't know if it's worth watching unless you have a particular attachment to the game or want to get into the game. Personally, as I haven't played the game and haven't got an interest in otomes, I didn't care for the plots, but they were goofy enough that they didn't bore. As a time killer I might recommend, if nothing else.
I've loved Kimi no na wa a lot, so when Tenki no ko came out, I was thrilled to watch it. But it was a huge disappointment. I didn't have many hopes for Suzume, as the trailer already looked so similar to his previous movies and I've heard critics say, "can Makoto Shinkai write only one movie?". I'd say this is pretty much him in a nutshell.. While I understand that sometimes you can't let go of your previous works and it's not necessarily a bad thing do use similar build-ups of previous movies, there's a bit of a difference between using it as an ...
jnjAs a fan of anime, I recently watched Highschool DxD and have mixed feelings about it. On the positive side, the series has a unique blend of action, comedy, and ecchi elements that kept me entertained throughout the seasons. The characters are well-developed, and the plot has enough twists and turns to keep things interesting. However, the excessive fanservice can be overwhelming and distracting at times, which may not appeal to everyone. Additionally, the plot can be predictable, and some of the character arcs feel rushed. Overall, Highschool DxD is a decent anime that's worth a watch for fans of the ecchi genre.
A generic anime. I really tried to get into it. But with the amount of shounen anime I've seen - Demon Slayer has honestly have to be one of my bottom choices. To clarify, it isn't absolutely atrocious in terms of quality. Realistically, it'd serve around a 5. But with my personal taste...I'd say a 3.. . I really love the traditional Japan era we get, along with the general aesthetics and arts of the anime. But the story itself is loosely built around the structure of the antagonists primarily, instead of it being an equal spread across each point in the story. The writing is ...
“Uncle from Another World” is what happens when You decide to write an isekai while under the influence of the highest quality LSD on the market.. . The show is like “How I met Your mother” just with a fantasy world story. We follow the adventures of the titular Ojisan, a man who got back from being isekaied to a fantasy world. We accompany him as he tells his story of the other world to his nephew and see him trying to make money on the internet using his powers. That’s it. It’s simple, straightforward, wacky and absolutely worth Your time. Mostly thanks to the main ...
This is my 2nd time trying to complete season 2 of Overlord. Make no mistake, season 1 is absolutely amazing and a must watch, so when season 2 came out some while back- I was really hype. I think I dropped it by episode 3 or 4. Buuuutttt now with 4 seasons under it's belt, I figure I'd give it another go. And yeah- it was alright.. . To sum fairly quick, this season follows Ains Ooal Gown and his ragtag group of gang as they try to take over the land. Except, it's not- this season focuses on world building, and world building it does. Like......a ...
This is a pretty normal shounen, not unique. It quickly becomes very repetitive, with the main character facing off against a new enemy, then defeating them using some combination move we've never seen before. Not for people who want complexity or depth.. . It seems really overhyped given how high it's scored.. . If you're interested in art, the art is fine.. . The characters are unremarkable, and I've already forgotten about them. The main character is a boy who loses his sister, and then has to fight demons. He fights bigger and bigger demons as the show goes on.. . This is probably for ...
Started off strong, good introduction, we immediately get thrown into the times of samurai, how brutal and unforgiving war is, and also the main goal of the MC (Hyakkimaru), killing demons to regain himself.. . The first half or so is really good, both MC's travel around the country, witnessing the outcome of war, whilst also on the hunt for demons, we slowly get introduced to a couple of characters that through out the show return once in a while. It was a good balance between reality and fantasy.... for the 1st half at least.. Not sure about the exact episodes, but it kinda started going ...
Sword Art Online: Alicization - War of Underworld. . . I knew this would happen, but I just didn't want to accept it. After the Alicization season finally delivered an acceptable level of quality, I was hoping the anime would continue to improve. But unfortunately, I wasn't aware that there would be 2 consecutive seasons that would present nothing but endless fights.. . I liked the fact that the war between the two worlds was depicted quite cruelly, however, all the hype from the first season of the arc has been ruined. Wasn't it said that the Dark Continent was incredibly powerful? Why does it present itself as an ...
*This is an old watch*. . I remember watching the show and guess what I can remember. The death scenes. The characters were just so boring and dumb. Kouichi the MC is average, he does some questionable things throughout the show that leads me to dislike him. Such as when deaths occur to his classmates, his classmates tell him to not talk to Mei (Our other MC) and just keep his head down. Except, he doesn't and keeps looking. Mei, what personality? I especially disliked when toward the end she reveals information and the answer to the mystery instead of the way earlier for everyone. I ...
This show was just ok across the board. Everything about it was just ok. Somehow the story is simple to follow but, is rushed and underdeveloped. The characters are fine for the most part, mainly one-dimensional even when these plot twists occurred. The games themselves were different than imagined they relied not on intellect but, on other avenues. I did not care for that. The art was fine.. The sound was fine. The show is fine. Series of games the MC and friends go through in a psychological and suspenseful time. I do not recommend this show if you want a developed story and good ...
There is often a risk-reward spectrum in life. The higher the risk, the greater the potential reward. The same goes with Kubo-san, an anime which takes little risk, but fails to deliver anything substantial. It does have some redeeming features, though.. . The concept of an "invisible person" is an interesting one, which if utilised correctly, can deliver deep, insightful messages to viewers. Kubo-san could have delved into a powerful backstory where the protagonist commits a grave sin in his formative years and is ostracised, or where his "invisibility" stems from a social inability to interact. Instead, the rationale behind Junta's invisibility is "just because": very safe ...
If you liked season 1 of Vinland Saga, you better bring some caffeine to season 2 because you will be bored to sleep.. . If this was a standalone anime, it wouldn't be half bad. But to go from an amazing, action packed season 1 where you are constantly on the edge of your seat to a boring ass farming simulator is a travesty.. . 10 episodes in and I cant honestly tell you anything that has happened in that 10 episodes.... . You would probably find more enjoyment out of going to a farm near you and watching the farmer toil away in the fields.. . EDIT:. Now that I have ...
1. If you ever want to see through or understand the mind of those stupid easily carried away girls also known as bimbo, this anime is for you, though not all bimbos are the same and in this anime, it happens to be the nice friendly one.. . 2. If you ever get confused over whether or not you are lesbian/gay because you feel possessive/obsessive towards your same sex friend despite having no sexual desire to them, this anime is also for you. Loners or introverts often feel this way towards their only friend because they don't have many friends and they don't want to lose them, ...
The English localized title is atrocious. Look at the original title, Suzume no Tojimari, which roughly translates to “Suzume’s Door Closing.” Immediately it invites questions. What is this door? Why does Suzume have to close it? Is the door literal or is it a metaphor, such as Suzume closing the door on her ex-boyfriend? But then we have the actual title, Suzume. Just SUZUME. Nothing about it invites mystique or gives any clues as to what the movie is about, to the point where you could mistake it for a documentary about some historical figure named Suzume. Fire the translator.. . As for the actual movie, Suzume ...
needless fanservice + poor writing + predictable plot + trope heavy. I loved the artwork, especially the mana crystal ball scene and Vermeil's eyes, but other than the art, it doesnt have much going for it. the opening song as well as much of the soundtrack is really good. however, the magic system isn't thought out, the villian makes no sense and appears out of nowhere, with little to no motivation. it covers a lot of story in a short amount of time, but at the same time, the plot is stretched really thin in places. it would have been interesting to see the world ...
MAL, of all things, was my first exposure to this anime. I had never heard of it before, and from browsing through the reviews here, I expected a trainwreck. Instead, all I got was another harmless, mediocre show. There's so many of those that have come and gone, that will continue to come and go, that it's weird to single this one out unless you know the context (which you almost certainly do if you're reading this) and how the author not only penned one of the highest rated anime on this site, molded the 'nakige' genre for visual novels and has since become (in)famous ...
I always felt that Thorfinn was the weakest and least interesting part of Vinland Saga.. That wasn't an issue in S1, because despite him being the protagonist, he wasn't really the focus of the story most of the time. A vibrant cast of interesting side characters carried the plot, which was entertaining in itself with all its political machinations, philosophical debates and grey moralities.. . But none of that is in S2. The entire cast has been stripped away, the plot has been stripped away, and instead we're stuck watching Thorfinn spiraling internally while nothing happens around him. That wouldn't be an issue if he had any ...
I don't even know how to recap this anime.... . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 7/10. -----------------------------------------------. . It's not terrible. The art lacks detail, but the animations are serviceable and the overall background designs are pretty cool. Monsters and such are terribly boringly designed though, but the main characters stand out.. . All in all, there's just enough good stuff to make it enjoyable.. . ...
Love is the protagonist of the show. Yes, because it can be expressed by each of us in different ways. The point is, is it easy to do so? Tomo and her friends will guide you into “funny” adventures and disavventure. You will meet beautiful characters and nice meanings. Probably it’s not the funniest anime you will watch, but it deserves a try. Also because, trust me, you don’t want to disappoint Tomo. 😅 Probably the script could be better developed and more hilarious but you will finish it taking away something you probably didn’t have before. And that’s why it’s always a good idea ...
i originally had in mind the score 6/10 for the first 10 or so episodes because i had a lot of complaints about how the story was written, and i still kinda feel annoyed by some of the things that happened that couldve happened like 5 episodes sooner, and i had also come into it expecting to be a weepy mess the whole time like everyone had said, sure i got misty eyed a few times, but never CRIED really... thats all until the last episode though. i cried 4 times during the last episode. it single handedly made me raise the score by 2 ...
- Story: 9.5/10. This anime has a pretty perfect plot, worth watching in your spare time.. . - Art: 9/10. The visuals are average like most other anime series, but not too bad.. . - Sound: 10/10. The OP song is very catchy, so is the ED song. Throughout each episode, the sound is handled very smoothly.. . - Character: 8.5/10. ...
Let's keep it short, this anime has great animation, decent opening and ending but the plot does feel a bit dragged.. . It mainly started from a suicidal thought coming from our female lead and a murderer who uses her for his own goal. The promise between them is that she'll get killed if she does what he wants and then people get in their way.. . It has lots of twisted characters and gore-ish scenes so if you're into that, watch for sure. But to me it does feel like some "puzzles" were a bit dragged, made longer for no purpose.. . As I said, nothing bad to say ...
Although i enjoyed the film, i feel like the story should have shown more about the kijin's home and backstory. For example a short timeskip of them growing up from kids to when Hiiro said he left to become a mercenary.. This is my own opinion but i believe Violet should have come to save Towa where the others could see her as well and not as a ball of light, though the ball of light did make her seem more of a goddess and not a demon. Even though the main story is about Rimuru i enjoyed that in the way of fighting i ...
Alright, straight up. This is a show for someone who enjoys a completely ridiculous premise and/or someone who feel a devious horndog inside of them when they fantasize being transformed into a dog and invited as such to very intimate situations with your previous crush. It could also be fine with someone who's looking for a little of the outrageous.. . If someone actually hates this show that's for them to do, but I can't really stand behind that. This show had genuinely funny moments much because of its absolutely ridiculous nature. If you have friends with whom you enjoy watching really weird shows and don't mind ...
Oranges are featured so heavily in this season that they could be listed as a character. Other than that it was ok I guess, I dunno I think it took itself way more seriously than the first season, although I did like that the little people were shown more that manned the planes and stuff (hehe tiny person fist bump). So yeah if your looking for something that's going to be like the first season, well you'll probably be a tad disappointed cause I feel that it's less 'cute girls doing cute things' and more focused on the story but yeah. Again it was just ...
Really good anime. My favorite part is when the mary sue mary sue'd all over her enemies.. . I imagine this show was an attempt at making a female version of Goku, but instead only managed to create a narcissistic and spoiled protagonist instead. One of her two character defining traits, one being that she likes to eat a lot (funny), is that she likes to fight, but that is not the case at all. The reason I called her spoiled earlier is that she just likes to show off, actually, since the moment her opponent gets even remotely threatening she just uses all of her nepotism ...
Don't know why or how I enjoyed this, it may be because I like to just watch a pretty anime where everything goes perfectly in the end, or because I barely watched any Isekai to care about it's repeated plots and tropes. Either way, I do recommend to people who aren't die hard weebs that expect only originality and masterpieces.. It's in the end a story that plays out a fantasy to escape reality, specially for those that like cute pastel colors and "violence" in the same package. It does remind me of my own childish stories, which is genuinely nostalgic.
This special has better animation overall than the series, and all of the qualities that could be found in the main series, especially the music and the richness of details in everything depicted, which is always as impressive to see how the anime was so rigorously faithful to the novel descriptions in every little things from technologies to landscape.. . Now, this 12mn special is NOT a direct sequel of the second season. This special is a mix of scenes happening in the second to last story arc and the last story arc (mostly the last story arc) including a scene pretty much at the end ...
Night Wizard is a pretty generic anime. It adds nothing much to the anime world but damn is it entertaining.. . Story - 6. . Night Wizard is about some guy named Hiiragi, Renji, a Night Wizard who is constantly on missions with a girl named Anzelotte. He also happens to be in an astronomy club at school with his childhood friend Kureha. Elis is a new kid at school and also happens to join an astronomy club with Kureha and Hiiragi. Elis realizes she has powers and Hiiragi, Kureha and Elis now need to collect 7 jewel things.. . The story really is nothing new, just some generic magic school ...
This writer definitely didn't research even little bit about Hindu text this man just Google it Hindu God name and write it down start making his own story & just when did Shiva and rudra becomes friends it sounds like I'm friend of my self WTF. Same with Parvati,Durga,kaali 3 wifes again WTF she is single person if i start calling you with different names it didn't mean you are going to become 3 different person this show is totaly disrespectful towards indian culture and Hindu beliefs. Also you can easily see racism. i mean Chinese lost also White person lost but Japanese won in second season British ...
More Chibi-Gozilla! In theory, if you've enjoyed the first series, you should also enjoy the sequel... right? Well, maybe.. . In fact, the second season follows a different approach to the first one: instead of focalizing more on the relationship between Chibi-Godzilla and Satomi, the series choses to expand its focus and concentrate on the rest of the cast, and to follow the life of Satomi herself a little more. So story takes a little more of a central place, especially in the last episodes which are the only connected ones in the entire series.. . Changing up the formula doesen't sound like a bad idea... The problem ...
Mobile Suit Gundam: The Witch from Mercury is a series that struggles to carve out a unique identity within the Gundam universe. It is hindered by an interchangeable story, generic characters, and a setting that fails to inject any novelty or excitement into the franchise. Despite these shortcomings, the series does have some redeeming qualities, such as its animation and design.. . One of the most prominent issues with The Witch from Mercury is how the Gundams and mobile suits themselves feel like an afterthought. They could easily be replaced with magic swords, mythical creatures, or any other generic plot device without significantly altering the story. This ...
Ah, Hoshi wo Ou Kodomo. A true masterpiece in the world of anime. This film has it all: adventure, romance, and a healthy dose of confusing plot points.. . The story follows a young girl who embarks on a journey to find her missing father, meeting various strange characters along the way. It's like Alice in Wonderland, but with less tea parties and more ancient relics.. . The style of this anime is truly breathtaking. The animation is so beautiful that you'll forget all about the fact that you have no idea what's going on. The colors are vibrant, the landscapes are stunning, and the character designs are...well, they're ...
Hoshi No Koe, or Voices of a Distant Star, is an anime that will make you question whether or not you've accidentally stumbled upon a PowerPoint presentation. The story follows two lovers separated by space and time, and their attempts to stay connected through text messages and giant robot battles. Because, you know, nothing says "romance" like fighting off alien invaders.. . The style of Hoshi No Koe is...well, let's just say it's not for everyone. The animation is a strange mix of 2D and 3D, with character designs that are reminiscent of a middle schooler's doodles. But hey, who needs actual artistic talent when you can ...
The style of the anime is definitely over-the-top, with exaggerated action scenes and physics-defying maneuvers. But hey, it's all in good fun, right? The animation is slick and the character designs are memorable, although some may argue that the female characters are a bit too sexualized.. . not much different from the parent storynya. still the same character, music, style. Even so that it is certain that it is still the same as hanging. You can read my review in the parent story.. However. OVA is synonymous with fan service. yup. that really adds to the fan service. but don't expect much, the important thing is as long ...
Definitely a product of its time with a moderately strong start and a pretty weak finish. Fans of the early internet's promise may find this entertaining, back when the world wide web was imagined as an alternative world for users to explore. Here, "cyberland" comes in layers to be delved by the avatars of heroes and misfits alike.. . The first episode is definitely the superior one. The animation is better, the story is stronger, the jokes hit better, the stakes are higher. The end-boss monster is tentaclicious per the era's norms. Its tendrils are probably the best animated things in the OVA.. . The second episode is a ...
I'll be the devil's advocate here and say that this show is actually okay. Not good, not bad, just okay. It's actually pretty okay in terms of its art. Its soundtrack, which it barely has, feels somehow enough for this short. It didn't feel boring at all. Furthermore, it felt like a random chapter of Shimeji Simulation with its oddities and weirdness. If anything, its only real problem is the use of lolis as the main characters. I feel like this is where most, if not all, of the controversy surrounding the show comes from. I'm not going to defend its pretty blatant pedophilia here ...
“White Album 2” is what happens when You take the name of something that actually had an interesting premise, slap a “2” at the end and make it a generic love triangle.. . Most people have an opinion that “White Album 2” is much better than “White Album” and I tend to agree… for the first 5 episodes. After that it becomes a generic, boring and painfully predictable piece of a class B romance.. . The story revolves around a musically skilled but socially inept daughter of a famous pianist, a school sweetheart that all the bays drool over and a pragmatic but dull af boy. Their ...
It's hard to evaluate this season. Made in Abyss season 1 and its movie are among my all time favorite anime series. Season 2 is still good. The art and music are as great as ever. The new characters are interesting and endearing. The trauma hits hard as always. However the plot is not as tight. There are a few plot holes or at least a few instances in which the plot (especially regarding stuff that happens in the past) is not well explained. Some characters are inconsistent and they go from helping the heroes, to hindering them or vice versa without a clear motive. ...
I went into this show with fairly high expectations. I was told it was a compelling comedy and effective genre parody, and in many ways, I do agree with this assessment. However, I feel like it falls short in several important ways, which reduced my enjoyment of the overall work. But first, I would like to praise the visuals of the show-- they are quite good, which is by no means a given in the sort of low-rent, crass, fantasy and/or isekai comedy space that this show inhabits. Both action and *character physics* are rendered in a pleasing visual style and with plenty of motion. ...
[Deaths and Gore] [8/10]. Well probably some of you came here knowing that this is dark anime, well it is, the good thing about this anime is that they abandon characters without any hesitation, well if you came here for shocking deaths, then there are but there are very low chances that you will be shocked (it matters on you btw because if you've watched dark animes before so this is not going to be what you think) this is because their character development is 6.5/10, however, the details and a lesson shown in every death is a massive point for this anime. leaving aside everything, ...
Short Review & Recommendation, Hyouken no Majutusushi ga Sekai wo Suberu.. . To begin with, the animation is definitely substandard, so it is up to you to decide whether you are able to accept it or not depending on other factors.. . Furthermore, it is possible, that you may enjoy the later episodes more than the earlier ones, which was true in my case. I started to enjoy it after around half the episodes, because some suggested, that the later episodes would be superior the earlier episodes. Though, I wouldn't expect a masterpiece, and it is still a rather generic fantasy harem anime.. . One thing I've realized, is that many ...
Alarmingly in tune with my own experiences of life, The Tatami Galaxy feels like something I should be deeply moved by and passionately in favour of, and yet, I'm not. While the series admirably leans in to the ambition of it's premise through the fantastic visual style, inventive animation and unique methods of storytelling, these strong points are left hanging by the show's apparent lack of depth, and so the experience of watching it feels hollow come the conclusion.. . What the Tatami Galaxy suffers from so greatly is how it only manages to explore it's ideas on the surface. From as early as the first 10 ...
I don't write reviews but after fighting through watching this for over a year i might as well. Even after skipping all the filler this was one of the hardest watches I've ever had. If thousand year blood war wasn't adapted no fucking way would i have finished it. This show is painfully repetitive and uninventive, the characters leave a lot to be desired, the world is quite plain and the pacing is god awful (coming from a one piece dick rider). This show is often praised for its fights but 80% of them are fucking shit. Its guys floating exchanging shitty dialogue to then ...
I came across this while watching youtube. Don't get me wrong, this is an McDonalds ad. There is no real spoilers but there is one character in this ad who wasn't in the movie a lot which makes this a nice watch. The actual content of the ad is kind of funny but also nostalgic and represents a theme of remembering and appreciating our memories. If you have seen, or are planning to watch suzume, or thought this review was good, I would recommend you to watch this advertisement. If any of the three things I mentioned in the last sentence does not apply to ...
Good flick to get through if you're a fan of all the series in the quartet (quintet for this movie, since shield hero and his party is included). . however for the movie they completely removed the setting from the series so if you liked the school setting the series has revolved around you're in for a major dissapointment, though as a viewer that just likes the series mashed up it certainly has that.. . for me the movie was alright, the most hypest part is the level of ability the characters show, both in their powers and just their interactions with everything. so i'd definetly recommend ...
Pretty unnecessary season with 5 episodes being filler and anachronistic. 6th Episode is all that's relevant, but also kind of unneeded.. Felt like usual low effort Netflix work. More of an epilogue season like Pokemon Mezase. To be more specific, its essentially like six totally different OVAs broadcasted as a season.. . Season 2 had a well done ending, keeping things vague. There was no reason to explore it further, that too for a basic 15mins reason as shown in episode 6. Rest all the the episode/shorts were predictable and formulaic, well too much to make it entertaining after the long experience.. . Most of the recurring characters were barely ...
Since it is about three different stories about three girls in the same school, I chose to divide this review into three different texts and scores, adding a brief about the general things at the very end.. . The first episode is the best one, no doubt, the girl is the cutest of the three and has the most attractive and different personality, and the guy is the only one who shows up not being a perv or a loser. It has a great story involving these two. The story is not like a common Hentai story, which has only a background purpose in most cases. It ...
I started watching this anime because I thought the art style is good and looked liked it's a story about controversial relationship and how it unfolds. It was good for first few episodes. Then after few episodes the story was not going anywhere and stayed stagnated.then suddenly it left the current story of the main characters relationship and started a new story of their passion. And that too in last 4 episodes.although we can relate to female lead as her struggle and passion for dream was clearly shown.the male lead was a full wishy washy character. He was a character of no significance and he ...
I must say I was surprised to see an Isekai with such a high rating when I had never heard of it before so I decided to give it a go. I did enjoy it quite a bit, rating it as a 7, and yet I have some mixed feelings about this one.. . First I think it's important to understand that this is indeed a parody, but perhaps not as one would expect. This anime is categorized as a Comedy, but I don't think I laughed a single time while watching. The anime takes the most cliche elements on purpose and make a story out of ...
Well, let me tell you about this "absolutely mind-blowing" anime called Gekkan Shoujo Nozaki-kun. The story is so original, it's about a high school girl who confesses her love to a boy, only to find out that he is actually a famous shoujo manga artist. I mean, who could have ever thought of something like that?. . The style of the anime is just so bland and unremarkable, it's like watching paint dry. The characters are all just one-dimensional stereotypes, like the stoic artist, the oblivious protagonist, and the clueless editor. It's like the writers were trying to tick off all the cliches on a checklist.. . Speaking of ...
I loved the concept of this anime! I related to the characters deeply, as I have social anxiety and avoid any human interaction as much as I can. They are all flawed in some way, but no character was irritating or unlikable (except one but she’s supposed to be unliked). The plot was very interesting, and somewhat realistic. It definitely fit into the romance anime genre. But the whole story was ruined by the rushed ending! The characters didn’t have a chance to grow. The main problem was fixed, but it was so rushed! I still had so many questions, but no answers. I was ...
Oh, Gakuen Babysitters, what a delightful little anime. The story follows the adventures of Ryuuichi and Kotarou Kashima, two brothers who are left orphaned after their parents pass away in a plane crash. Lucky for them, they're taken in by the chairwoman of a prestigious academy who runs a daycare on campus, and they become babysitters for the other students.. . Now, the style of this anime is nothing to write home about. It's your standard cutesy slice-of-life fare with big-eyed characters and bright colors. But hey, if you're into that sort of thing, you'll probably enjoy it.. . As for the main characters, well, Ryuuichi is your typical ...
Three episodes in currently and here go my preliminary review. Here we go.. . This is a type of anime that you should not judge a book by its cover. The first episode already showed some... questionable content but the further the story progressed, you'll soon come to identify that the story is less about fan service and more about sibling relationships, and I like how it shows the advantages and disadvantages of a female body without making it too lewd.. . Episode 2 uncensored is unwatchable for at least the first quarter of the episode. However, if you get past that, the story slowly switched from a fan ...
Well, where do I begin with Free!, the anime about a group of high school boys who love swimming?. . The story is about as deep as the shallow end of a kiddie pool. It follows the typical sports anime formula of a group of friends striving to achieve their dreams, in this case, becoming champion swimmers. It's predictable, clichéd, and unoriginal.. . The style of the anime is nothing to write home about either. The animation is decent, but nothing stands out as particularly impressive. The character designs are generic and forgettable. The only thing that might catch your eye is the excessive amount of fan service, with ...
Well, well, well. Look what we have here. Another anime to review. Fate/stay night: Unlimited Blade Works 2nd Season. What a mouthful. Let me tell you, folks, this anime has got some story. And it's a nice one, too. I mean, who doesn't love a good tale about a bunch of characters fighting to the death for the Holy Grail? Classic stuff.. . But let's talk about the characters, shall we? We've got some good ones in this show. You've got your brooding protagonist, your powerful and mysterious heroine, your wise mentor, your loyal sidekick, and of course, your obligatory comic relief. They're all here, folks, and ...
Ah yes, Fate/Zero, the anime that everyone seems to love. Let's see, where do I start with this one?. . The story is about a bunch of people fighting to the death to get their hands on the Holy Grail. Riveting stuff, really. I mean, who doesn't love a good old-fashioned death match? It's not like we haven't seen that before in every other shounen anime out there.. . As for the style, well, it's your typical dark and edgy anime with lots of blood and gore. Because nothing says "mature storytelling" like excessive violence, right?. . Let's talk about the characters. There's Kiritsugu Emiya, the brooding protagonist who's all about ...
Well, well, well, Fate/stay night: Unlimited Blade Works 2nd Season - Sunny Day, where do I even begin? It's a story, I can confirm that much. And there are some good main characters, I guess. As for the music, it's there, I suppose. And the enjoyment experience, well, it certainly exists.. . But let's not forget the real reason we're all here, folks - the 7,55555 out of 10 review. That's some precision right there. I mean, who needs a solid, rounded number when you can have an incredibly specific decimal point?. . In all seriousness, it is a decent anime. It has its moments, its action scenes are ...
Well, well, well. I must say, this anime is quite the spectacle. The story is complex and intricate, with plenty of twists and turns to keep you on the edge of your seat. The style is dark and moody, which really sets the tone for the show. And let's not forget about the main characters - they're all so fascinating and well-developed, it's hard not to get invested in their journeys.. . But what really sets Fate/Zero 2nd season apart is the music. I mean, wow. The score is simply breathtaking, and it really elevates the emotional impact of each scene. It's hard not to get goosebumps ...
Well, well, well, if it isn't Fate/stay night: Unlimited Blade Works - Prologue. Let's see, where do I begin with this one?. . First off, the story is just fantastic, isn't it? I mean, who doesn't love a good old-fashioned tale of magical battles and heroic quests? And the way the plot is executed in this anime is simply flawless. It's so predictable and clichéd, but that's what makes it so darn enjoyable, am I right?. . And let's not forget the main characters. Oh boy, they are just a joy to watch. I mean, who needs complex and nuanced personalities when you can have stereotypical archetypes? The stoic ...
Well, I suppose Fate/stay night: Unlimited Blade Works isn't the worst anime I've ever seen. I mean, the story is pretty decent, if you're into that sort of thing. You've got your typical hero who's destined to save the world, a bunch of other characters with their own agendas, and a whole lot of fighting. It's not exactly groundbreaking, but it's good enough to keep you interested.. . As for the main characters, they're...nice. I mean, they're not exactly the most memorable bunch, but they're not terrible either. You've got your brooding protagonist, your spunky heroine, and a bunch of other characters with their own quirks. They're ...
Well, well, well. What can I say about Fate/stay night? It's just so spectacularly average in every way that it's almost impressive. The story is... nice. Not amazing, not terrible, just nice. And the main characters? Sure, they're nice too. Nothing particularly memorable, but nice.. . The music? You guessed it, nice. Not bad enough to make you want to claw your ears off, but not good enough to actually remember any of it. And the enjoyment experience? Yeah, you guessed it again, nice. It won't blow your mind or anything, but you'll probably enjoy it enough to finish it.. . Overall, Fate/stay night is like a bowl of ...
Sometimes, a series comes along that is just strictly "alright". Kabaneri is one of those series. It does have some truly great scenes and compelling episodes, but half of its runtime is wasted on some truly terrible writing and characters you just want to slap upside the head. Characters range from brilliant to brain dead from scene-to-scene and those blunders are used to keep the narrative moving. Essentially, the cast is stupid for plot convenience, and that can leave a poor taste in anyone's mouth.. . The story really never picked up, either. While some interesting concepts did shine through at times, a lot of them were ...
The first season introduced us a peaceful anime, a bit boring but the relation with Ryouma and the Duke's family was interesting. This season is more meh. It's calm and peaceful but maybe a bit too much. I can't say it wasn't enjoyable to watch but I felt bored at some moments and I couldn't feel the MC has flaws, which makes it hard to empathize with him, even if he's nice.. If a third season should be released in think I could watch it but I hope they will change some things in the history. Not to having a heavy and dramatic anime, it's not ...
I Have mixed feelings with how the build up is. The MC is a literal Pedophile, before reincarnation basically jacked off to his own niece video, while parents funeral. (Heavily implied in the manga) Post reincarnation still uses his "lecher" perverted self on kids... Like Eris for personal grooming aka Child Correction. Anyway his personality isn't the most likeable not in the sense of, him trying to be better but it's more of him trying to exploit the most out of this world for his personal benefit which is fine, but his ideals are somewhat questionable.. . IF you can ignore all of that and also his ...
From mediocre to completely downfall after what happened in last 3 episodes. I expected some romances between FMC and the idols but nothing actually happened and that's fine. As the story goes on, you can feel the wholesomeness and warm feeling about both of them very hardworking wanting to pursue their own dreams. When the unnecessary dram unfold, the story becoms melodramatic and the way everything was handled is so painfully dumb and somehow most of the important details from before completely forgotten.Most of the characters don't have anything standout for and Hiyori " the main character" in this show is probably the highlights. ...
The tone of this anime doesn't make any sense. The prologue was dark, violent, and sad, with adult characters facing real dangers. And it fooled me into expecting a bloody war-torn series with characters dying left and right. But what we got is a light school romp with a timid main girl dealing with childish issues like being accepted, bullying, friendship, and dating. Which would be ok, if this weren't a Gundam, and if it were well written. Until it takes a darker turn near the end, which now feels out of place due to the jarring disconnect. On the other hand, the disconnect is ...
Unfortunately that was kinda below my expectations, I was hyped when they first announced it , I anticipated for some time but I'm just disappointed, the just got I really good intro with some action and mystery moments but after that you gonna feel this show is missing something , it had really good potential but they just ruined but rushing the story and the plot itself can be really superficial like no deep scenario, for example this happened because of that period . Atleast try to make it more interesting , it has some good moment or emotional ones but that was for short ...
Writing a review for this anime is hard. It has decent character interactions like the princess + MC. But everything else is just pandering. The plot goes way out of its way to make sure MC always wins. MC's intelligence is also inconsistent.. . example:. She can get a realtor + carpenter to make her a shop, but doesn't do the most basic research before selling items. She displays hot water shower heads, hair driers, lighters, stoves etc.. to the first customers in her shop. This should raise questions, but customers think of it as magic. this show never actually shows *ANY* magic at all being used ...
No more Eurobeat?!?>!??!?!1111!11. . In all seriousness, Legend 1 was pretty good.. . The story: It basically is another Stage where there is another kid in town wanting to give Takumi a shot for his money. We know how this turns out. But man the Toyota AE86 is so cool!!!. . The music: No Eurobeat = 2/10. . Animation: It was good CG a bit better than stages 1-4 but still CG is still CG nonetheless and it shows its age. Art Style of the characters is good tho I liked the designs. . ...
This show is bait.. . And like putting a dessert's final touches, this show is also confusing.. . If I've caught your attention already then please. humor me and first watch the show before reading my review as I am completely avoiding spoilers because frankly enough this show is too shallow for me to even have deep thoughts on. The only highlight I can even emphasize on this show is that of a meme in regards to depicting shows whereas it's a pencil-made sketch of a magnificent horse where the body is drawn beautifully and when it comes to drawing a specific part - or for this show's sake, ...
If this was longer it would be bad, but the short format and them not dragging it on made it enjoyable enough to watch.. . Don't get me wrong, this is not a good anime. But it was still kind of fun. If you're watching it subbed you'll want to be a fast reader, as the pace of the dialogue plus what's written that you need the translations for is a bit fast. The premise was interesting enough and of course the animation is 8-bit game like.. . It takes an non-original, but still interesting idea and runs with it without running it into the ground. ...
It was an alright story.. . The story progression was messed up, and the plot was all over the place.. . Could have had this run for a few more episodes to bring the story together.. . The MC especially Erika and Kouhei needed more substance and character development.. The theme was well picked up, on vampires and the school setting was great but depth in each character was major missing.. . Introducing a rivalry for Sendou could have had maybe a better impact on the storyline.. ...
“White Album” is what happens when You write a romance with most of the characters feeling sorry for themselves and meddle in other people's affairs. Yes I know, I know… it’s an anime and a drama so I shouldn't expect characters acting like functioning adults. My mistake.. . It’s a romance, harem story about a guy having problems adapting to the reality that his girlfriend is an idol and everything that implies. Yeah… let’s be honest, he’s a fool (not an idiot, it looks like he’s aware of his harem) most of the time but an opportunistic idiot so I have to respect that. There are ...
The only thing I can really say about this show is that I feel… confused. I was confused on the plot, I was confused on character motivation, I’m confused on the ending, all of it was just… off. It seems like this show needs to be watched out of order to get what should be the proper storyline. I feel like this show would have been better having the backstory episode first and then go into everything current day! Usually that only works in a who done it mystery novel, but it would at least give us SOMETHING to work with going in. If you ...
I honestly don't know how to review an anime like this, but the best way I can put it is that this is a Tommy Wiseau anime. This show is great but for all the wrong reasons. It is appallingly bad, but in that sense I believe it achieves a "so bad it's good" level of media.. For one, it isn't something like Ex-Arm where it is a garbage-fire all around.. The music and animation are actually of decent quality, so it isn't something that is outright aesthetically abrasive to watch. The real value of this show comes from its staggeringly bad writing and characters; ...
Yankee OVA with some Batman's Bane wannabe, poorly done lewd action, cheap art and music. No subs available that I'm aware of, and I don't master japanese enough to understand more than a few words here and there while not paying attention (watched it while doing something else, but was surprised by how stupid it turned out), guessing it would just look like a lower grade Shonan Junai Gumi. I remember once someone returned from a cinema session shocked by a Nicolas Cage movie where he was shooting (bullets, with a gun) everyone while having sex - have no idea what movie is that. Well, ...
I don't really know what to feel about this one. It does try to differentiate itself from other romcoms through its premise and some out-of-left-field story arcs, but I think these attempts mostly distracts from its romcom roots, rather than accentuate or synergize with it, mostly because they feel too serious and dramatic in a nonsensical way. These elements would have a larger presence as the story goes on, and I can't help but be not as invested in the story when they take over almost completely.. . I also found that the supposed main relationship (it's very obvious which one it is) is the ...
Bocchi the Rock is the latest in the neverending stream of cute girls doing cute things show that come out each season. When people cry over how repetitive the anime industry has gotten, the main culprit everyone points to always happens to be isekai, yet slice-of-life comedy shows like Bocchi the Rock have stuck to the same formulaic and repetitive storyline and main cast for the better part of the last decade or two, with, most of the time, nothing but praise coming their way.. . Yet, once again, BTR is said to be a breath of fresh air for the industry, promising a deep and ...
I came upon this title by chance, on the meme of boobs (world-cup) vs flat-chested war with the punchline that the mc actually prefers feet above all; i expect it to be comedy-ecchi. It has those moments but its not the main thing. I'm surprised that it actually is an educational anime about the various sides of farming, with a teaspoon of unhinged comedy to lift up the mood. It tries to balance its multiple character stories but not to the point that it dug deeper to each stories / themes. It has a potential as an educational anime about farming - sadly silver spoon ...
If I had to describe this anime in one word it would be the word broken. As if a tornado just blew through a house but you can still see that there was a house there. The plot is broken, the world is broken, the characters are broken. So much of it is messed up that it's hard to know where to start.. . Characters in this show just don't feel like people. They feel like dolls that only go, talk or feel if they have a quest marker telling them to. No matter where a person would actually go, what a person would actually say or ...
This anime sets up so nicely, and will likely have you on the edge of your seat and guessing every episode. Has a bit of everything, but I think that's the downfall of this anime. What presents itself and sets up as a very intriguing mystery with some elements of horror, just doesn't follow through with that and it causes the foundation set up in the first half of the anime to go off the rails. Yes it's still intriguing, and I enjoyed it. (8/10) It's just you'll no doubt be sighing to yourself at some ...
TLDR: Watch it only if you are digging some cheesy and wistful romance. For some deep, well-thought-out plot…avoid it.. . The most important requirement for a series dealing with time, space, and related sci-fi elements is that its in-universe laws/principles stay consistent and the plot holes remain minimum, ideally absent. Some series manage to explain such complex phenomena relatively well ( Steins:Gate ) while the rest focus more on other aspects and only use the sci-fi elements as an underlying base to save themselves the trouble of explaining each and every “law” ( Erased ). Kimi wo aishita tries to go with the former route ...
I wish there were 1/2 ratings on this site. Because I'd like to give this a 6.5/10. I have given it a 6 because I tend to rate "down". I didn't find the anime "good" but I did find it a bit better than "fine".. . I wasn't a huge fan of the animation style, I can sort of see why they went with it for the atmosphere that they were trying to convey, it's just not a style I'm a huge fan of. For work WITHIN the style I think they did pretty okay. The background score was fitting though ...
Well, unlike other reviewers, I have some actual respect for the intelligence of those watching this short film. Are racist stereotypes involved? Yes. Does this mean you're doing literal violence and harm to actual human beings by watching this film? No.. . Anyone with half a brain can distinguish between different aspects of any creative work. This is an important historical artifact and can be evaluated on a variety of metrics. One can still appreciate certain features of the film without condemning the whole. And a thorough analysis involves such holistic consideration. Otherwise, how does anyone even read anything from the entirety of civilization's beginnings to, say, ...
This is an incredibly sad short film about the impossibility of belonging in a society that will never accept your existence as you truly are. It's frequently described as a horror anime, but if you're looking for scares or gore this short film won't offer any of that. It will, however, probably make you pause for a bit and consider what you just experienced.. . I really appreciated that the whole creative team behind this story committed to a very specific vision, one that isn't likely to appeal to a broad audience. The music is simple but evocative, and it complements the melancholy story quite well. ...
"Wooooosh!" The enemy scores a goal in gym class and we lose the game. Wow, we're such a failure to Blue Lock.. . This anime is fun to watch and reference around! And honestly, even though it's not a masterpiece and nothing really made sense to me (Like, is it trying to encourage us to focus on team plays or selfish plays?), it's a good sports anime to binge. After all, there aren't many soccer animes, and this anime is also quite dystopian/sci-fi.. . Story ~ 7: The story is pretty straightforward. You're getting what you expect: Good soccer players competing and training against each other to play ...
Refusing to die after falling off a cliff, a woman ends up grabbing the nuts of a divine being, and leeching off some of their powers. With those powers in hand, she obtains the ability to jump through worlds, and uses it to make a profit selling modern day conveniences to a backwater Isekai civilization.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 5/10. -----------------------------------------------. . There is no animation. This is a slideshow with sound. Most of the time, the only thing moving are the character's mouths. Occasionally a limb or two. Background characters don't move. Half the scenes are replaced by cardboard chibis and effects made in MS ...
Honestly, I had pretty middle of the road expectations. Previously I was watched a few episodes of Aikatsu friends when it debuted and it was very alright. It was honestly a surprise to be a lot more engage with it. With Stars, there's a focus given by the story and world building. There wasn't an episode where it felt force because the general plot help give the characters some focus, even if said episodes had nothing to do with the story.. . I really appreciate the constant theme of having the girls lose, being able to grieve for their failures before trying again, usually by changing their ...
A typical "Monster of the week" anime.. . If like myself you are reaching for any anime that sounds interesting because you've seen the greats, this will be hit and miss. The premise started off pretty decent but since it's a typical "monster of the week" show it loses its luster pretty quickly. Some of the characters are pretty fun to follow and the situation is somewhat humorous, but the story just goes around in a circle. But for a monster of the week show it's pretty decent. The 480p widescreen quality really doesn't do this show any favors and the English cast is decent enough, ...
As a fan of the first two Black Lagoon seasons, I'm glad I watched this but not totally satisfied. This is one of those arcs that starts out promising and has the potential to be one of the best anime ever, but while it does have its moments, the third episode in particular being one of my favorite Black Lagoon episodes, it is really boring at times. I saw a sub-reddit titled something like "RBT plot explained" that had a lot of comments which would imply this was some complex story that needed explaining. It's not really that hard to follow there's just a lot ...
I'm a big time fan of Orphen but you may not expect sugar coating here. First things first, the following books were adapted into this season 3, cour 1:. . 11 - Sink Into My Dreams, Paradise! (Act 1) - 125 pages - 1 episode. 12 - Sink Into My Dreams, Paradise! (Act 2) - 145 pages - 1 episode. 13 - Guide My Faith, Magic Blade! - 117 pages - 3 episodes. 14 - Lay Claim To My Heart, Devil! - 141 pages - 4 episodes. 15 - Engulf My Despair, Verdure! - 181 pages - 3 episodes. . So yeah, first point: rushed as hell. Deen did a better job with ...
My Stepmother’s Daughter is my Ex a feel good romance anime about two characters, Mizuto and Yume, who had been in a relationship during their last year of middle school but broke up. Before starting high school, their parents had gotten remarried, which so happened to be to each other’s parent! This puts the two former middle school sweethearts in a situation where they are trying to please their parents and be good step siblings, while also hiding their previous relationship. This creates very interesting situations for the two, like taking challenges to each other for who slips up in front of their parents, keeping ...
Okay. I have really mixed feelings about this anime. I have been watching this almost weekly for a long time (though recently i got fed up and stopped watching until the last set of manga canon episodes). I can see why the hate is there but to be honest it can be a little unjustified at times. Quite frankly, Boruto, as a story, I really enjoy. And by the story, I mean only the manga canon stuff. The reason this show gets a lot of hate is that there was so, so much waiting for the good stuff, the manga canon arcs to come along, ...
Zenyasai: Viral no Amai Yume ("Viral's Sweet Dream") is a side piece to the main series, focusing primarily on the eponymous character Viral, who continues to have bad dreams. I'll be happy to report that while this segment is very short, it does not let down. A lot of it is devoted to comedy, as well as a meager amount of development toward Viral. A lot of it is really just pure jokes, which is exactly what the episode called for.. . Other characters also appear with rather entertaining antics, namely Kamina, who serves as a foil of sorts to Viral. While it might be difficult to ...
Dokidoki Precure All Stars New Stage 2: Kokoro no Tomodachi is a unique movie in the franchise, in that it's apparently the first (or one of) with the main focus being on two fairies. As a note, in Precure, I generally do consider fairies and mascots to be synonymous, though this isn't the case here, at least at the current moment. Smile Precure, Dokidoki and other Precure teams from past seasons do make appearances in this movie, though they aren't the focus and serve a fairly small role outside of plot points.. . Rather appropriately, the movie has themes of friendship and staying on the right path. ...
i can say that it is entertaining but the truth is that i expected them to put more brain to the other chracters 'cause most are only to contribute nothing, and it is not as if it is necessary that they are all geniuses of the matematic but that it is not only one who has to do everything, in the end i can say that te only good character of all this (obviously excluding the "villains") is only the main character to a certain extent, its good that he doesn't keep saying things like "i want to be alone" or go to a corner ...
the actual storyline bubble has is unfortunately not that great. it is a bit of a mess. but lucky for the studio, the story is not what makes it good! instead the artwork, colours, animation and music do.. WOW the colours, theyre extremely vibrant and pretty to look at.. the animation is amazing, it's fast paced, smooth and clean.. artwork for every scene is amazing, even the tiny details on a building's structure are present.. and finally, the music. the music is absolutely amazing. the sheer number of times i have listened to it is up there in. i cannot stress just how good the music is.. so if youre ...
While this anime may have some nice moments it's ignorant to not look over the glaring issues that are apparent. For starters, plot wise it feels like a watered down version of 'Rent a girlfriend' that takes none of the charm nor roadblocks for the male MC to face that gives him a chance to grow and learn from mistakes. Secondly it's hard to overlook the many animation quality control issues that ruins any wholesome scenes from being appreciated. If not for these points that have been previously mentioned this could have possibly been a memorable anime with a killer OP
Although Shinra is super fast, the anime has a pacing that lacks enthusiasm for their watchers. . Enen no Shouboutai is a modern classic in my view, because it wasn't afraid to explore new ways of narrative, and joint universes. But the anime seems to not having this in mind and focusing in great animations. This is major a problem because, if even the story uses action and fights as medium to the progress, the truly narrative progress are made by dialogues and plot twists that they offered using the characters (like Shou being alive in first season and stuff like that). So this second season we're ...
I liked the conclusion (ending battle and sequence) and the storyline with Weather Report, but all the rest in this section are just dragging on and plain boring.. This was literally the first time I felt like skipping while watching JoJo. That's how bad it was for me.. . The animation quality and the poor pacing did not help at all. It felt like an extremely rushed product.. While some ideas of the stands are fun, the execution was just mediocre and sometimes confusing, and way too much "plot convenience".. . As a fan of all the other animated parts of JoJo (including part 1), I cannot give this one more ...
Although Tanya has a interesting new take to isekia anime where it more civil rights war like ear I thought was very interesting right off the bat and no to mention the mc is a little girl, it is lacking in plot and just focuses on war. I understand Tanya existence is supposed to be a big f u to the being x and to live a comfortable life later on but that's what it really comes down to. Sure some antagonist is thrown in later on but that's how it feels, Just tossed in for the sake of it. Where ...
If you're looking for a sports anime like Haikyuu or Free or anything remotely realistic, this isn't it chief. Yes, it's about soccer, but everything you expect it to be about (comradery, teamwork, having fun...) isn't what Blue Lock is about. This makes Blue Lock refreshing in a way, but it's also why I'm putting this review as mixed instead of recommended - not everyone is going to like this subversion, and that's completely fair.. . I myself, however, enjoyed Blue Lock - somehow it made me come back each week to see what the boys were up to. Yes, it's cheesy and some of the dialogue ...
Dragon Ball is an iconic anime series that has captivated audiences for decades. However, despite its popularity, the series has been criticized for having a mediocre storyline. The main issue with the story is its lack of depth and originality. The plot often revolves around the main character, Goku, engaging in battles with various villains, with little character development or exploration of themes beyond the surface level.. . Additionally, the series tends to rely heavily on tropes and cliches of the shonen genre, such as power-ups, training arcs, and over-the-top action sequences, without adding anything new or innovative to the formula. The lack of nuance in the ...
The beginning of this season is very good with the war arc, but as the season goes on, especially in the last few episodes, I started to lose interest. Horikoshi has built a really interesting world, but the audience does not get as much time as we should to explore it because Izuku's plotline takes up a lot of the runtime. This could just be personal preference, but I know I am way more engaged with episodes focusing on other heroes and hero society as a whole. That being said though, this is still a great season and there are a lot of iconic ...
Stampede starts and ends strong, but episodes 2-8 were a struggle to get through.. Let me get this out of the way - I don't care about your thoughts on the original Trigun anime. You liked it? Cool. You hated it? Cool. Whatever. That discussion is not relevant here and I feel it's in bad faith to always compare the two when it's obvious both series were trying to achieve different things, ESPECIALLY knowing how season 1 of Stampede ended.. . The very first episode of Stampede was honestly amazing. Everything from the storytelling, the pacing, character interactions, animation, comedy, etc., it was all near perfect. I, for ...
Have been watching anime for over 10 years and have even done some research on this series. First, let's say that this anime relies heavily on what you're looking for. If you're expecting a good story and characters, it won't happen, and a waste of time. It has debatable annoying characters.. . If ya want to see an author express his hardship through anime, go watch it.. . Animation:. Great and classic design and sick animation. But it shows mold moving from right to left on a character's face LMAO!. . Story: Very confusing for some viewers. Barely shows any explanation for some stuff in the plot, you'll have to theorize it ...
I had the pleasure of being invited to the Crunchyroll premiere screening at the Academy Museum of Motion Pictures as press, and my outlet even got to interview Shinkai himself. There should be no spoilers in this review.. . TLDR: As with all Shinkai films, it's gorgeous, breathtaking, and you'll probably get a decent tearjerker moment no matter your walk of life, but in the end it doesn't really hold a candle to "Your Name", let alone any of his better & earlier works.. . I'd like to preface this by admitting that I personally believe Shinkai's previous works "5 Centimeters per Second" and "The Garden of Words" ...
Story was lacking quite a bit, many things not explained or poorly explained. Too many Loose ends.. . Animation 10/10. . Can’t really complain, everything was smooth and looked amazing.. . Characters 6.5/10. . Not developed well enough and some things just made no sense. . ...
They copied a big portion of the manga and put it in this "movie", but that is to be expected.. . The last episode was the only good one, since it didn't have all those annoying parts where Kaguya (or someone else) has those 1 hour dialogues inside their head like the "Kaguya personalities" court.. Their romance and both their personalities were very nicely explained in the episode and the metaphors contained both in this episode and along the whole movie (for example, the lost-and-found heart that Miko was commenting about, the heart being Ishigami's heart) were actually well written.. . It is a shame that the ...
Vinland Saga Season 1 was good, but not just for its flashy action, its charismatic characters, or for it's commentary on war, but also for the small things. The color palette is bright and full of contrast, the music fresh and inspiring, hitting its highs and lows right alongside the story. But unfortunately, I'm not sure if it's just a MAPPA thing, but they suck at all of that. You have great characters, a highly nuanced and subtle story, but what gives such a story heart is the small things.. . From the opening, I immediately felt like the studio was going in the wrong direction. ...
I'm always excited to watch new films that showcase the medium's unique storytelling and animation styles. This one definitely caught my attention with its stunning visuals and music, and I couldn't wait to dive into the story.. . Overall, I found the movie to be a mixed bag. On the one hand, the animation and art style are breathtaking. The scenes are gorgeously rendered, with rich colors and details that make the world come alive. The music is also fantastic, adding an emotional depth to the story that I really appreciated. I particularly loved the theme song "Shinkai" by Eve, which is hauntingly beautiful and perfectly captures ...
Sword art online is definitely an anime I have mixed feelings about. Since SAO was my first ever anime when i read the plot I was hooked already, it's not until years later I realised it wasn't as good as I remember it.. When you first dive into the plot of SAO it does entice you. Thousands of people trapped in a virtual reality game. only way out is to beat each 100 floors of the game. If you die in the game you die in real life-a good, dark and tragic concept. For the first couple of episodes it does well introducing main protagonist ...
Mixed feelings, the theme was very mature tbh. Overall the anime pulled off everything in an okayish manner. Haruka could have been managed a little bit better. Mitsuki could have been a little less messed up. Well, that's all my personal opinion. There's a complete gloom atmosphere after 3rd episode, which could have been avoided.. . On the positive side yes, the ending was great as he chose Mitsuki. Not only that he pulled himself together as compared to his pathetic self throughout the anime. Takayaki is not the ideal MC and is pathetic tbh.. . Animation was normal considering the time it was launched.
I had mixed feelings about the second season of One Punch Man. Although the first season ended with an exciting cliffhanger, not much happened in the second season. I was hoping to see more of the hero association fighting against the monster organization, for example, the whole organization versus Saitama and his companions. But all we got to see was Garou being rescued by the organization and Saitama defeating the monster Centipede with one punch, thanks to King's help.. . Overall, I found the second season less thrilling than the first, as there was no exciting finale or opponent that could challenge Saitama. I was disappointed with ...
“Wholesome”, “spoiler-free” (vague) review for those with short attention span:. . Buddy Daddies has great emotional beats and some good character dynamics. There are also a few things that it delivers quite well given its non-traditional family setting and its more grounded approach to child raising. However, the series also drastically fails to fully commit to its setup and often reverts to convenient plotlines for emotional impact. Restricted to only 12 episodes to show its full take on the recently popular crime-childcare genre, it still managed to somehow stick the landing but also ended with a lot of missed potential. Perhaps, it could be so ...
Personally, I love the updated character designs and use of 3D in this show even though I am not a fan of other shows that use it (such as Ajin). The punchy colors and dynamic camera shots use 3D well.. . My favorite parts of the show are easter eggs or homages to the original, which I rewatched about six months ago. I hate to say it, but a lot of the rewritten parts feel flimsy and not fully fleshed out, leaving loose ends and underutilized characters (such as the clone, and blue-haired man). Characters cut from the original show felt like a better fit than ...
The animation looks great. The soundtrack is great. OPs and EDs also sound great even though they are a bit standard imo. I think Jujutsu Kaisen has the same problem with Demon Slayer. Everything looks great but the content is very lacking. The story is really basic. Like, shounen-ly basic. A guy has an unexpected encounter and becomes one of the potentially most powerful guy and he meets his friends and gets into a school for people like him. So here are my problems:. . 1. Why the fuck is he so physically powerful even before he swallows the finger? So far, the anime provides no explanation ...
I was ready to dismiss this one as being mediocre, but I kind of liked it as it actually stuck the landing.. . In many ways this is generic, bland, mediocre, and at first glance there is not much to this, but I'm not sure if this is deeper than it is, or if that is me thinking too much about things, and the problem with that starts with the ending.. . By that what I mean is, through there series we get given a few subtle hints that put you down a path of thought, where you start to think "ah I can see where they are going ...
I actually enjoyed this one and it surprised me in that.. . At first I was ready to dismiss this as being incredibly generic, while having an art style that is 20 years out of date.. . Even though this is not an isekai, at first glance this looks like the standard plot where the most powerful hero//mage/demon king, reincarnates and then goes to a school where no one knows who they truly are, they show off how OP they are, create a harem, while being the blandest MC that doesn't have any characterisation possible. - That's how these things normally go.. . This slowly subverted my expectations.. The MC isn't reincarnated, ...
The Hyouka OVA is alright in context but massively confusing outside of it. The OVA takes place between episode 11 and 12 and ideally should be watched there. Watching it after the main anime or watching it without knowing the context can leave you very confused about the way characters are acting.. . The story is not amazing. There's just one minor mystery which was obvious from the start and had pretty poor argumentation and logic behind it contrary to the rest of the anime. This was probably done for the sake of fanservice but it felt like poor taste.. . The characters are the same AS ...
I'll keep this brief.. . Fen is an annoying glutton,. Sui steals to show. . The cooking is great and the core of the show, but its not a practical cooking guide, so if you watch cooking shows for entertainment then you will like this, but if you watch them for the recipes, then you probably won't like it as much.. . The rest of this is such a generic isekai that it doesn't even try to do anything different, most of these moments are easily the weakest parts and so run of the mill generic that they are just dull as it is just going through the motions and seeking to ...
“Arifureta: From Commonplace to World's Strongest” is what happens when You let a shit load of clichés ferment in a barrel full of shity CGI.. . It’s an isekai with a little twist. This time we don’t get one hero, we don’t get two, three or even four, this time we get a whole goddamn class of “chosen heroes”. Don’t worry most are just background noise and nothing else so You don’t have to worry about caring for any of them. Among them there is one who is not like the others! I know, shocking.. This particular hero is considered rather useless. Despite having obviously a useful ...
By all rights I should have loved this series after all it ticked so many boxes for me.... Genderbending, isekai, interesting world, OP protag who just likes to have fun with it.. And yet, it just falls short.. . I'll briefly go into what it does right.. The first few episodes are a really strong start, they set up the characters, introduce the world, the structure of the people in it, and the threats that are going to be faced.. More than that, we get a good amount of mysteries / questions that arise that hooks us into watching more.. . On to what I don't like.. The conflicts between characters feels weak.. The ...
I watched season 1 some days ago so I remember what happened. Season 1 was good and I would give a 7 for this one, but this one... It's strange. From what I understood they don't respect manga storyline... For that, why not even if it's a bit a shame, but this mix of serious and parody is a bit strange to be honest while it's really something I'm supposed to like. I'm not objective since I like the parody genre, but giving a 5 to a genre I really like show it's not well managed. The story was hard to follow most of the ...
Please read the book instead of watching this movie, I mean go ahead and watch the movie if you want, but I recommend reading the book first, at least that's how I did it. I prefer the book.. Obviously the anime has some differences from the book, one of the most apparent maybe being that in the book they are in elementary school if I'm not mistaken. Also, the book contains a few nerdy little details, like how they play Mario Kart (I believe in the movie they play a fictional game). Something that some might like about the movie compared to the book is that ...
Plot: 6.25. - Nothing special from the story itself I expected a sort of system and more development with the cooking skill, there 0 history or development with the main idea and after around 8 ep its the same characters just surprised with the MC's absurdity.. . Animation: 7. - Good animation, the food particularly along with the prep is exquisite, if only more thought was put into the background and cities it would be more pleasing.. . Voice acting: 7.25. - Its aight, the 3 Mains do their job nothing more nothing less.. . . ...
Even though this has bad comedic component, or that has triangle, it contains one moral, that is described to viewer through drama.. . Comedy based on awkward situations that referred to main female character — Mahiro. More than enough dirty jokes in first half. Second half better, because there's less stupid humor for 12-13 olds. So i don't recommend this part.. . Drama. Drama based on two directions: romantic, career.. 1)Basic love triangle, nothing to say.. 2)Career drawbacks. There's no easy path for main characters. Hard work doesn't have recoil and someone with a talant always will be better than you. This worldviews main character obitains through tears and sweat. This like ...
There's one thing this anime is really good with... Cliffhangers that'll hook you up. . In the first season Takemitchy was a guy who was mature for his age because he was actually 10 years older but that perspective of the show starts fading away as the story progresses. Takemitchy is basically a moral science teacher trying hard to be a hoodlum. . The formula of the show says there is a new way Hinata dies in the future -> Takemitchy comes to past and tries to remove that problem involving the whole squad in the process -> the whole squad is getting their butt kicked -> Draken and Mikey ...
The story is revealed, but there's been a price to pay.. I will talk about the relevant aspects of this season (first 12 eps) and rate them accordingly.. First of all, art. I don't remember there were scenes that were too special, but the art was still somewhat maintained, there were a few scenes where the art was flawed, and since my standards were already in season 1, the result was: B+, and I want to repeat that I don't like 3D art scenes. Music, there are not many special scenes, but the OP and ED songs are quite good and have emotional lyrics. The result is: A.. Story: ...
With a narrative that's as chopped up as the onion I put into my dinner last night, along with an unhealthy fascination on the male genitalia, Benriya Saitou-san, Isekai ni Iku is a very peculiar isekai... and I'm not sure in a good way.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 7/10. -----------------------------------------------. . If there's one aspect of the show to praise, it's probably the visual quality. The animations are pretty good, along with a nice standard art style. The background scenery is pretty boring, but that's probably because the setting of the story didn't really offer anything more interesting to draw.. . The fights along with spell effects are ...
The show was not bad but it was great either. Inuyasha was the very first anime i ever watched growing up and it left a pretty significant mark on me. This one the other hand was nice to see but i could never bring myself to watch it, out of fear it would ruin how i felt about the original. I found myself the most interested when the major characters from Inuyasha appeared. I watch every episode but it felt I was dredging through the whole series solely so I could see the scenes with the original character in it and know the context. ...
I''s Pure is an anime series that revolves around the romantic relationship between Ichitaka Seto and his classmate, Iori Yoshizuki. The show portrays the struggles of adolescent love and the challenges that come with it. Although the series has its moments, it falls short of being a standout show in the genre.. . The animation style in I''s Pure is decent, but it doesn't bring anything new or unique to the table. The characters are well-designed and their emotions are depicted with accuracy, but the animation overall feels rather average. The series also lacks a distinct soundtrack that could have complemented the romantic storyline.. . The show's protagonist, Ichitaka ...
Are our roles in society pre-determined as part of destiny? Should it be? Etc. This is the core theme and namesake of the show that Gundam Seed Destiny is trying to tell. Unfortunately, it doesn't manage to quite get the message across amidst the many other concurrent themes and ideas that gets swept along the series -- this I mostly blame Bandai, as they severely limited the budget/cost cut for the series for the sakes of corporate profit (see below).. . Seed Destiny is a divisive and controversial anime, probably one of the most ever for a Gundam series, and the reason for that is probably ...
Urgh... finally got around to this again, after a failed attempt a while back and what's to say.... I did get further this time... largely through skipping ahead when I remembered a section.. Gatchaman is cool.. Gatchaman Crowds is not cool.. This without the Gatchaman labels 3/10, but with 1/10 for trying to masquerade that.. . I grew up on Battle of the Planets, and then in the 00s bought the ADV boxsets releases of Gatchaman, and all was good.. I grew up with Lefty - anti-fascist, ecological ahead, Martial Arts Science Ninja's... with 5 genuinely likeable characters and side characters. It's not difficult - more of this. ...
there's something present in some modern anime like Demon Slayer and this one, the bad guy has to have a sad backstory, having a sad backstory doesn't make a character good, there's plenty of evil characters that die evil but were always enjoyable to watch either due to their ideology or their character's personality and charm, this show has that same exact problem, you live to watch this horrible monstrous character have a sad backstory after they're done with them, it just sucks honestly and one of the reasons I'm not giving this a 10.. The constant 5d chess happening comes as cliché and something you ...
I don't understand this anime. The whole anime and character development of the MC is based on the double talk, lies and reverse psychology of the people in his team. I mean not one person who contributes to MCs development through honest talk. People borderline abuse the MC emotionally to the point of insulting his mother, but somehow it is supposed to be some sort of motivational push INTENTIONALLY done by the said people. I know it's a fantasy story, but I doubt anyone will grow to be better with such treatment in real life. Anyone with a little self-respect would find another way to ...
There are 3 extremely important warnings for anyone watching this anime:. 1. IT HAS NO END. LITERALLY. So it's the most important warning. The 12th episode is like a regular episode ending. If you want to continue the story from the 13th episode (OVA 2) you MUST read the manga.. 2. HE HAS 2 OVA THAT DON'T FINALIZE THE SERIES. The 2 OVAs released until the moment of my comment are 2 more common episodes, with the third warning below:. 3. IF YOU STILL WATCH THIS ANIME, WATCH THE OVA 1. Because if you watch it later it will have no purpose because 90% of what is presented ...
What can I say that hasn't already been said? As a show this is terrible. Not just because it's a creepshow of an underage boy being taken advantage of by a very much grown man, but because the relationship between them has no redeeming qualities. I've known men who had their first experience with a grown man as a child who took on a mentor/student relationship where the sex was incidental. While not right, there's still something to take away from that which puts it more in the moral gray. This isn't that. This is an entirely one-sided relationship where a man takes what he ...
A decent show marred by its fanbase. I swear if I see one more Makima-stan post about how they want to motorboat their face on her bare chest, I'll commit sudoku all over the morning newspaper. The plotline works well enough but the main character is about as bland as they come. The 3D animation has come a long way in the last few years, but it still has a ways to go before I'd consider it on-par with traditional 2D animation. Still, the animators put some serious work into it and there's been plenty of trash 2D shows recently that make my power point ...
There's a place for the unbeatable, overpowered protagonist in many places. However, it's not fun here.. . "Akagi" is one of those series that I never try to give a chance (until now that I finish absolutely everything I start). A game is introduced, and that game's the star of the whole show, but, I don't know the game. At which point does a series fail when it disengages the audience because of the main plot point?. . The titular, Mahjong, is one of those very complicated games (at first sight for me) that deliver opportunity for mind games. Schemes, tricks, cheats, gambling, all is fair game. The ...
Let me tell you about "Saikyou Onmyouji no Isekai Tenseiki" - a show that will leave you laughing at how far this fantasy genre can be stretched out. This anime is the perfect template example of the combination of action-focused power fantasy and a bit of supernatural reincarnation spice thrown in for good measure. Except now, the author used a fictional historical Japanese exorcist to be transported to yet another medieval-based otherworld.. The show follows the story of an exorcist named Kuga Haruyoshi, who is reincarnated in another world after he dies in a power conflict. As the title suggests, he is the strongest exorcist in ...
The Blue lock anime is a very interesting peice of media, cause since its not still frames like that manga, you get a more clear and consice about whats going on. another thing i liked was the main "Gimmick" of this series, the philosophy of ego and the power it gives you is an interesting consept.. the problem is the pacing of the anime and the CGI when used.. The pacing,while durable for some people, isnt for some others, and the CGI can look like shit at some points.. overall, i do think the manga is better, but still a fun watch.
That series reminds me "Final destanation" especially last 2 seasons. A lot of gory situations, sometimes jumpscares.. More than enough violence. Viewer might be prepared for this kind of stuff. That's why it mixed feelings. Someone will just wait this gory scenes. I don't recommend if you one of them.. Based on supnatural and science fiction.. . Plot is based on supnatural and science fiction.. You had better to feel it by yourself without wiki/fandom. It well structured and viewer gets it in right moment, so if you can't understand some part — just keep watching. If you bored, you had better to make a stop for a few days. ...
“Dagashi Kashi” is what happens when a sugar addict gets a chance to create something.. . I honestly don’t know why it isn’t classified as a “slice of life” on MAL but… c'est la vie.. . It’s a story about a boy who really doesn’t want to succeed his father in running a small dagashi (from what I understand it’s an umbrella term for cheap candy and snacks) store out in the boonies. One day an eccentric (borderline obsessive and crazy if You ask me) girl shows up in town to recruit his father to work for her family company. By the power of anime logic the father and ...
Along with isekais, high school rom-com entries have been running rampant for many a past few years. With such high volumes of content in the genre, it takes a lot to really stand out. The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten is a best-seller LN series at the time of review, and this anime adaptation came out just in time to capitalize on hype and sales.. . Here we have a story between the school's pretty, universally liked girl, Mahiru, and an awkward, average guy, Amane. Ah yes, a romance trope as old as time itself. As per the description in the synopsis, the reason for their ...
I was a little skeptical at the beginning of Sugar Apple, but relationship tensions and visuals eventually sold me on this anime. Keep in mind, even though the genre lists "romance," the romance is a bit more of a tease/tame. The concept of fairy slavery makes Anne and the viewer ask themselves ethical questions throughout. Slower paced with somewhat predictable plot twists but still overall satisfying (because I love me my shoujo). Again, artwork was beautiful but the plot complexity was wanting. The broad themes of the story include perseverance, comradery, integrity, and forbidden love. I hope Part 2 of Sugar Apple includes more background ...
Anime about highschooler who get himself extraterrestrial stalker and immediate love triangle/square. Amount of stupidity and absence of common sense is entertaining enough to watch each episode and become bored at its end. Only thing that somehow saves this bland mess is frequent fanservice. Overall it is not bad enough to be dropped and not good enough to be binge watched. Absence of overarching story kills interest in show but after some time you come back to watch what nonsense comes next.. . Main attraction that present in each episode is represented by "LOUD = FUNNY" equation. Endless screams from quarrel and electrocution. Lame af. There is ...
This movie isn't bad, but it doesn't make any sense that it was released before the second season, since it features characters that will only appear in the second season. so their "scare" events and presentations detract from the pace of the film. Anyway. Other than that, his story has several pacing problems, time cuts in scenes, geographic continuity cuts. Otherwise, it follows the same logic as the original series. An overpowered protagonist who, in the case of this film, has his infinite powers limited by script convenience so that the plot becomes (very slightly) exciting. And that. The animation does not disappoint.. . Note 5 ...
It was okay in season 1 and even gave a few chuckles out of me but after season 2 somewhere around when saria started talking in the third person which was really annoying and was explaining stuff in the episode we saw literally 2 seconds prior to the events happening in the episode is whenever this show fell off and hard, it became almost unwatchable after that episode, everything is out of place the plot is really not their and doesn't exist, its slow and painful to watch the second season, its like they're just using an AI generator to write the scripts for the ...
We got the alternate version of Akame ga Kill which got a lot of hate. I think it tells everything. Attack on Titan really got robbed on the Crunchyroll Awards. The art is kinda uniqe and the soundtrack was really good, but sometimes the songs did not fit to the scenes where they were played. The characters felt like they were soulless. The story like I said before concretely was Akame ga Kill with a famous franchise behind it so it got the hype and that with the artslye was enough to buy the people. And the story was also rushed. I would not say ...
A goofy, silly story about a girl desperately trying to escape the friend-zone. It's an interesting mix of zany, over-the-top slapstick punctuated by genuinely heartfelt moments that capture what it's like to be young and navigating your first crush. The adaptation flirts with some heavier B-plots but doesn't explore them quite as thoroughly as something like Horimiya might. The comedy doesn't always land in the way Nouzaki Kun does, but it's zany enough that you're bound to smile at something.. . The art style works very well for the direction of the show and the action is well-illustrated. You can see the artists flexing a little ...
“Campfire Cooking in Another World with My Absurd Skill” is what happens when someone wants to play a survival game but with cheats enabled.. . Four people are summoned to a fantasy-like world to become heroes that will save the world from evil. Yeah… shocking I know. Among them there is one, who’s not like the others. Someone with terrible stats and a cryptic unique skill called “Online Shopping”. Unfortunately for him, no one traits him seriously so he gets some money and decides to travel the world. During his journey he is forced to… “befriend”, yes, let's go with that word, a legendary magical beast (OP ...
At first I was hesitating to watch this anime (not a fan of bl) I'm not straight though but to a different side of the arrow,. . Based on the animation itself, it parallels the quality and the story that it gives. I have this kind of belief that if its has a good animation then it's definitely a good story.. . This has the same vibes with lycoris Recoil and Bocchi the Rock, but not in the same level. It's between, 9 or 8 (Bocchi's my standard).. . Characters:. . I like Miri, a realistic version of a child in real life, annoying (a typical child during reunion that will ruin ...
One Room becomes very funny if it follows just watching, 'Welcome to the N.H.K'.. . There is one scene where Tatsuhiro Satou and Kaoru Yamazaki converse about what galge games are really about and the different relationships that exist in such games such as the-girl-next-door type, the childhood-friend type, the little-sister type, etc... and how its design appeals to a fantasy of the audience, gaining intimacy that is often lost on the typical NEET or hikikomori. One Room is very relevant to that world.. . I believe for those genuinely craving female interaction without fuss, depth, human complexity; when one does not think too highly of the ...
In 1998, Bandai released their Dinozone toyline as a direct competitor to Takara's Beast Wars. To market the toyline, Bandai made this OVA which were distributed on video tapes packaged with the Dinozone toys. This OVA would also form the basis of Dinozaurs, the Fox Kids cartoon made when the Dinozone toys were imported to America in 2000.. . The OVA is almost entirely CGI, save for still 2D drawings that serve as establishing shots and live-action toy commercials. The CGI makes it really obvious that Dinozone is a Beast Wars competitor, since a similar style of CGI was used in the Beast Wars cartoon. The CGI ...
The anime provides a story of a boy who lived in a low-classed environment with a high number of demands on futuristic world. The storyline itself could explain the viewers that life sometimes can go south. If that happens, people may be the ones to lend you a hand. It also reminds the audiences to be aware of their choices.. . The studio did a great job because the quality of gore scenes in this anime are amazing. The anime style is a bit similar to 2005 animation that existed back then. Moment of nostalgic happened ...
the gimmick of the show is in the name The Millionaire Detective. what happens when a detective is also rich especially rich with an unlimited balance?. the initial episodes start this gimmick off interestingly and show good dynamics among the cop-buddy duo. but reliance on the gimmick a bit too much makes the show seem rather hollow only to be made worse by a focus on the central plot which is weak, exasperating the feeling. lack of character development and the presence of filler side characters makes the show seem repetitive in the middle episodes too.. not recommendable yet its charm might sit well with some ...
When I was watching this, the score for me, changes from time to time, it's either 6 or 7. I was actually enjoying it until episode 10, in episode 10, some bullshit happens then episode 11, even more bullshit happened, without those 2 bullshit plot, this is easily a 7, come on they'd put a somewhat logical plot here then throw it all away in the last episodes, I don't know if that's what really happened in the Light Novel and manga versions.. I somewhat love the characters, probably around 6 to me, some characters are inconsistent, my favorite character in the series doesn't even ...
I'll just make a short review. Because despite this anime being wholesome at times, there are things that made me uncomfortable. Not uncomfortable actually, i was just wondering if some parts of the premise was even necessary.. . First of all, this anime was supposed to be about gender change. Male turned to female (loli? somehow??). However it never really focuses on the mc (mahiro's) male counterpart. All 12 episodes of it were all about how to live as a girl and enjoy the priviliges of being a girl and have fun as a girl. It only shows you the rainbows and sunshine of gender ...
"The God of High School" is one of those anime that you either love or hate. On one hand, the animation and fight scenes are top-notch. Seriously, it's like watching a martial arts tournament on steroids. The moves are flashy, the battles are intense, and the animation is just quite gorgeous.. . On the other hand, the pacing can be a bit rough at times. It's like the story is in such a hurry to get to the next fight that it forgets to slow down and give the characters a chance to breathe. And speaking of characters, there's definitely a lack of development there. Sure, we ...
Lots of plot twists xd. . Personally I don't think the anime is bad, it just may not be able to make the leap in quality that it could have to be remarkable, but that doesn't mean it can't be entertaining to watch.. . As for the plot, it is interesting, a good dynamic but its narrative is (in my opinion) a bit abrupt, there are many flashbacks that can really add little or nothing to the plot, it could be a bit desperate.. . Continuing with the beginning, it is because of this exaggerated amount of flashbacks that many plot twists are included so that the plot has a convenient ...
Akiba Meido Sensou" is an anime that tells the story of Nagomi Wahira, a girl who moves to Akihabara to fulfill her dream of working as a maid in a maid café. However, she soon discovers that the world of maid cafés is far from the cute and innocent image she had imagined, as she finds herself caught in the middle of Akihabara's violent maid wars.. . This anime caught me off guard. I initially expected it to be a lighthearted and cute anime about maid cafés, but it turned out to be so much more than that. The plot twists in every episode were unexpected and ...
Slime really doesn't do itself justice by releasing short arcs. This movie isn't bad, but it's nothing to write home about. It spends over an hour for set up, which I was enjoying, but then it went into its finale, and by the end of it, I'm sitting here thinking I watched a Disney movie with 4 happy endings. I don't know why they did the ending the way they did, without spoiling, I'll just say, there are countless ways this should have ended. There aren't any spectacular fight scenes, the best fight scene happens in the first 30 minutes of ...
This OVA for Armed Girl's Machiavellism is jut a simple fanservice episode. If you don't like fanservice, don't watch it, if you do like fanservice, then do.. . The story continues where the main anime left off. The pacing is quite bad to transition from being in the school to going to a hot spring but the anime does address all steps however briefly. There is no real story apart from going to the hot spring though.. . The characters, voice acting and animation are all the exact same as in the main anime.. . Overall it's an alright fanservice episode with bad pacing.
TLDR Ver - It's one of those feel good animes that make you feel good, and nothing important happens. Not into it, but I can see the appeal. 5/10. . Iyashikei - "A sub-genre of slice of life, portraying characters living out peaceful lives in calming environments, and is intended to have a healing effect on the audience." - Wikipedia. . Personally I'm not into this kind of anime but I gave this one a try and its the most Iyashikei anime that has ever Iyashikei in my life. Feels like a drag to watching, since the characters literally talk about nothing important. But, I found myself watching ...
Having just recently watched Arknights: Prelude to Dawn before seeing this, I have to say it kind of made me like that show more by comparison. That's not to say that takt op. Destiny is terrible, or that Arknights: Prelude to Dawn is perfect (it's definitely not), but the former is just one of the weirdest ways to try and hype people up for a mobile game (that still isn't released yet lol) I've ever seen.. . Almost everything it should need is there: fun characters with arcs, nice animation, some VERY nice character designs, and cool music. Sure, the plot is pretty substandard, but that ...
This anime isn't the best romance I've watched, to be honest, it isn't exceptional, just as any other shoujo, but what I found very interesting is the small details that we don't usually see in other animes. Their clothes change every day (and they sometimes wear the same clothes some days later), we see them locking the door (which is actually pretty rare, usually they just leave), Mahiru's hairstyle was sometimes different (not only for special occasions), etc.... As said at the beginning, in itself this anime isn't amazing, it was even sometimes quite awkward, but it was pretty chill and relaxing to see their ...
Sorta spoilers but not really because you learn about it within the first 3 episodes.. . I’ve been looking forward to watching this for a while, I love street racing shows and movies but after seeing the scene with mogi in the car with her “papa” it ruined the show for me. I thought there was gonna be some sweet high school romance but after searching further in to the relationship between her and “papa” I was disgusted and couldn’t watch anymore. I have a problem with seeing shows that have characters related to the service industry, many will think I’m immature for it but I just ...
If you are someone who can turn off your brain while watching anime its great thing to exist but since I cant do that compeletly I sometimes hated myself for watching this.. . The story looks interesting overall. We have a neet character who spent his last 3 year in home and at one night he turns into a girl, as the time passes she loses interest to games and starts to socialize with people. There is not much thing to say about story but I really hated some things in it.. . Fan Service: considering our characters are at middle school this anime has way too much fan ...
If i can complain about one thing, this show fell victim to one of my least-favourite plot traps.. returning to school! The beginning of this series was neat, had a good set-up and pace, and I was all set to see just how far the adventure was going to go! So many possibilities!. . But no. The main characters - leagues above even the faculty - had to put the show in reverse. After establishing themselves as impossibly powerful, their adventures were halted and they got thrown into school for the remainder of the season. That way they can meet the stereotypical ...
My introduction to this was once seeing clips of this on YouTube a long time ago. It involved clips of Yassan by the river. It seemed so full of potential based on these clips. A lot of my favorite anime are comedic slice of life manga adaptations like this one. The title encapsulates exactly the kind of thing I want out of an anime. The comedic in the mundane.. . Finally getting around to the show it had a promising start. This seems like a nitpick but the outro really vibed me out a lot. It got to a point where I would stop the episode at ...
the soundtrack ruined the show for me. not the op & ed, those were good. i mean intra episode soundtracks.. . I can't get into it because it's too insincere. the soundtrack depletes the mood while attempting to set it. the playful banter is too simple. this is essentially a show for early teens / pre teens. it's too bland. it could have been something better . im comparing it to mushi shi or kino no tabi. i get though they wanted some comic relief added in. but the soundtrack is horrible. theyre using western wind instruments and instead of cheery it sounds like offbeat depressing ...
"5 Centimeters per Second" is a visually stunning anime movie that unfortunately fell short in some crucial areas. While the visuals are breathtaking, with intricate details and vibrant colors that draw the viewer in, the characters feel underdeveloped and lacking in depth (like in every Makoto Shinkai movie).. . I found it difficult to connect emotionally with the characters, which made it hard to fully invest in the story. While there are some moments of genuine heartbreak and tenderness, they ultimately fall short due to the lack of character development. This is a recurring issue in Shinkai Makoto's films, and it's one that detracts from the overall ...
i needed my first review to be about genocyber cuz it was my first ever gory-like anime that i've ever watched and even tho it sucks, its actually really good. ''I aint lettin' no fuckin' demon take me to Hell! Never!''. . genocyber is very poorly animated and the first two segments are ass BUT the amount of brutal violence gives the masterpiece label a very plausible reason to exist. Even tho it is not the best anime ever, it really does its job to me very disgusting and trashy, which is a completely reasonable since i believe that is what the creators wanted it to be.
This show is great in a lot of ways. It does so many things so masterfully and coming off of the show, it's gonna be hard to forget some of the stronger moments that impacted me emotionally. What? What's that? Why did I give the show such a low score then? Well, if you've been following the discourse surrounding the show, you already know the answer to that! The answer is...complicated.. . But first.... . Scores suck. Slapping a number on something to superfluously gauge how much you value the show doesn't do the finer intricacies of properly judging media any justice. In other words, I have no fkn ...
I get the appeal.. . Tomo-chan is a very sweet romcom anime about young love, that is very apparent. I think it started off quite strong, with good comedy and cute strong characters. I love the dynamics between Carol-chan and Misuzu, with them bickering at times but always having one another's back. Misuzu also is like definitely the best girl in the show. As for our main couple, I'm not really that interested in them? Even after watching I don't feel much sentimental value for them which is? Questionable. It just dragged a-lot with the whole romance aspect, it's a ROM-com, so I was expecting like ...
An anime that is in a constant fight with itself: Inconsequential storytelling and indecisive story developement. And it just feels like to be in a constant race against time to just tick all the major checkboxes instead of taking time to unravel the story.. . Yes the animations, sound and the dialogue are good, props for that, but what does it really matter if you can't relate to the characters. Many times I thought like: okay now I finally get some insights but whenever this happened I ended up with more questions than answers.. . Okay okay I get it, it's only season 1 blablabla.. but guys cmon we ...
*This review CONTAINS SPOILERS*. Review in English and Spanish. . Well I'm a little late to watch bakemonogatari but hey, the anime premiered when I didn't even watch anime *I started watching anime a year later (2010)* and currently that I'm watching a lot, they forced me to watch this because of a bet I lost. Before watching it, the little I knew about monogatari was op 4 “Sengoku Nadeko” and the famous toothbrush scene from the second season and the occasional YouTube video of the characters talking. In other words, I came with too low expectations and the truth is that I didn't really want to see ...
You know what I always say about idol shows: it's nothing more than just a cash grab at a growing franchise...that no one bothers about it. Only the ones that do, make a splash, and for others like Technoroid, created by RUCCA, CyberAgent, Avex Pictures, and Elements Garden under its creator Noriyasu Agematsu, the brainchild of Fall 2021's mediocre showing of Visual Prison under A-1 Pictures, it's the umpteenth time that people in the West are saying: we DO NOT NEED more bullcrap shows like this. But Technoroid: Overmind, is a wee bit different, and is something that's more than what the average idol show ...
Do you like trains? Now, do you LIKE like trains? Then have I got the anime for you! Rail Romanesque was an odd experience, and while it meets most standards of production quality, it's just so specific. It serves as a testament to the sheer variety of anime out there, and proves that if there's a niche to be filled then there's going to be something to fill it! Then when I found out this is a spin-off of an eroge visual novel, it felt as though I briefly lost my grip on reality. There are countless rabbit holes in the world of anime, a ...
Back when I first heard that this was getting a second season I was surprised as all hell because the first one was rather lukewarm at best, many of the jokes were either hit or miss and now that I've picked up the manga it really shows how many of the jokes have bad timing. However it still has lots of manservice, so I will forgive it. Micro bikini is a blessing.. . Anyhow it's not that much different from the first season, the same typical set ups with occasional new characters as well as old character that didn't get to shine until now.. . Fetish pleasing wise ...
The Light of a Firefly Forest is a very simple anime, which isn't necessarily a bad thing in all circumstances, but in my opinion it does this anime a disservice. It's very bare bones from top to bottom. There are very few characters, very little development of said characters, very few plot points and very little to take away from it after your viewing is over. Perhaps comparing against Shinkai- a man genuinely in the conversation of the best to ever do it- is not the fairest of comparisons, but when I look at movies of a similar length, such as The Garden of Words, ...
Oh joy, another romance anime that is supposed to be "beautiful" and "cute." I'm sure this will be just as exciting as watching paint dry.. . First of all, the characters are as flat as a pancake. They have no depth, no complexity, and no real reason for the audience to care about them. The male lead is your typical generic pretty boy, and the female lead is the perfect embodiment of the "damsel in distress" trope. Yawn.. . The storyline is equally unremarkable. It follows the typical romance formula of boy meets girl, boy falls in love with girl, boy saves girl from some contrived conflict, and they ...
Tldr: endings are paramount and this one didnt end where it should have.. . Story 5: it does alot of intresting things however it tries to balance it with what felt like a more slice of life anime and felt flat because of it is found my self towards tbe end wanting more bs of the casts shenanigans but instead suddenly the plot thickens and its just ok. . Characters 6: pretty standard but the protagonist is entertaining. . Sound animation 7 : no real problems but nothing great. . Enjoyment 9 : i found the whole work place comdy very entertaining and the way they combined it with the setting was ...
1. the animation andd artstyle is terrible/atrocious/barbaric/heinous/godawful/grody/prodigious/beastly (my little brother (9 years old btw) could draw better (with crayolas btw(only primary colors btw(he is color blind btw(like shouko from koe no katachi(better show btw))))))))))))))))). . but the character designs are very cool(i love corsola and the ugly bastards). . 2.the voice acting sounds weird(especially that kong guy). . 3 i loves the music ( especially the opening). . 4. the story was very unique. I really loved the character development :).I really loved the realism. I really love ping pong.. . ...
‟One day, 40 years ago, Rumiko Takashi made a manga, waifu was born and the rest is history”. . Urusei Yatsura is a classic, a reference and a pioneer in the romcom genre, having this historic piece of japanese animation being remade in the beautiful craftsmanship of today's visuals, seiyuu and musics is a great honour for this anime, the idea of remaking a classic but way nicer is a nice way to make the new generation of anime fan enjoy grandpa anime peak, but does Urusei Yatsura (2022) fulfil this task and makes it an enjoyable watch ? Maybe, it's pretty complicated. It's sad to say, ...
Let's keep this short and simple. Boruto is trash but there is some real diamonds in the rough.. . Boruto is pretty decent if you just skip all the filler tbh, the episode quality skyrockets compared to the filler and the big cool fights are some of the best things you'll ever watch albeit few and far between.. . As a whole boruto is hot garbage with like 10% redeeming quality perhaps even 5% but even still It's still I'd watch.. . Watch it as a whole if you enjoy watching trashy nonsense with cool stuff rarely or just skip to all the good parts it's up to you.
This anime is pretty mid for me. Maybe it's because it's one of the first romance anime I've ever watched, and I'm starting to delve into a genre that I was not accustomed to, but I felt this anime was quite corny and cliche at times. It just felt like a generic romance anime, even though I just said I don't really watch romance, but I just felt like it was. It's not like I don't understand anything about love, but as someone that never felt romantically attracted to someone, I just feel like a lot of scenes in this anime are overly dramatic and ...
Here’s what you should know about me: I don’t watch filler episodes. Generally. I mean, for the beginning of Boruto I did every so often, but by the end of it, I was strictly watching the manga canon episodes. Some people might find this stupid, but whoever is reading this review needs to know that to understand why I’m reviewing this as I am.. . Listen: Boruto is good. And, by that, I mean the manga canon is good. There are some anime canon episodes that were super fun to watch, but the manga canon episodes really convinced me that following Boruto’s story was a good choice. ...
“The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten” is what happens when AM from “ I Have No Mouth And I Must Scream” decides to try out anime to make people suffer… well not exactly but close.. . Welcome to Clichetown. A magical place where everything that happens is dull, overused and banal. In this place we follow a story about two cardboard cutouts from a delusion of someone who doesn’t know how people and relations work. Yes, I am aware that this could be saint about most rom-coms but this one takes it up a notch.. . From the first encounter, to the last scene of confession this show ...
After watching the trailer for this prior to winter 2023, I had written this one off citing it as a locksmith isekai, which can't be good. After 1 episode of it airing, I began hearing rumblings, so I gave it a shot. I gotta say, I was wrong to judge locksmith isekai so soon, because it actually turned out to be pretty enjoyable comedy wise, and it is one of the best animated series of winter 2023. Unfortunately, like so many isekai this season, it started out well and hit its stride early, but never went anywhere with its plot. I ...
Mixed feelings doesn't even begin to describe what I feel after finishing the first part of Boruto.. . One one hand, we have a mediocre, filler spiked and sometimes downright boring adventure in the shinobi world we have ever seen. On the other hand, those decisive, story breaking moments this anime has left me wanting for more.. . I'm not gonna sugarcoat it, guys. Boruto is, most of the time (and primarily the fillers) all kinds of bad. But for hardcore fans of Naruto, such as myself, I still think that it is something worth suffering through.. . ART and ANIMATON. . It's a mixed bag. You get the feeling that every last ...
In a nutshell, Isekai Ojisan is mid. Is it good? Comedically, yes, it is. Is it good beyond that? No, its mid. I've seen praises like " As good as Konosuba or even better". Just no, get off the pipe. I've seen people say the same thing about trash anime like Tsuki ga Michibiku Isekai Douchuu. Everyone wants the next Konosuba, I get it, but no isekai has even come remotely close to dethroning it, comedically speaking. Did I enjoy Isekai Ojisan, yes, but like so many other isekai lately, it goes nowhere, it has zero ...
Well, well, well. If it isn't Eromanga-sensei, the anime that puts the "erotic" in "romantic comedy." I must say, this show is quite the spectacle, and not necessarily in a good way.. . Let's start with the story. It follows the life of Masamune Izumi, a high school student and light novel author who teams up with his mysterious younger stepsister, Sagiri, who is also a talented illustrator. Together, they create erotic novels and navigate the complexities of sibling love and romance. It's a somewhat absurd and risqué premise, but it definitely has its moments of humor and heartwarming moments.. . As for the characters, they're a mixed bag. ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Well, if I had to give a review of Denpa Kyoushi, I would say it's not too shabby. The story follows Junichiro Kagami, a genius scientist who becomes a teacher at a high school and helps his students with their various problems using his scientific knowledge.. . The main character, Kagami, is a bit of an eccentric and can come off as a bit obnoxious at times, but he does have his moments of charm. His interactions with his students are entertaining, and he manages to teach them valuable life lessons along the way.. . As for the music, it's nothing to write home ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . It's an anime that tries to blend harem and sci-fi elements together, and for the most part, it succeeds, albeit not without its fair share of flaws.. . The story revolves around a high school boy named Shido Itsuka, who must save the world by dating various "Spirits" - powerful beings that can cause destructive "spacequakes" when their emotions are unstable. It's a premise that's both ridiculous and intriguing at the same time.. . The main character, Shido, is your typical harem protagonist - he's kind, dense, and always seems to find himself in compromising situations with the female characters. However, he does have ...
People who appreciate Yuri should include this in their collection.. . Some of the premises of this show tackles themes relevant to real life; the conflicts that the characters face are conflicts that we could be facing in real life. It is a show about the burden of duty. Duty and piety for your family and country is esteemed to be the norm and is what drives the characters' emotions and conflicts. It goes to the point that it feels too overdone - to the point it gives me the idea that Japanese people consider piety and duty for one's family more importantly than other people ...
I have to say that I was very excited for the premiere of the second season, having enjoyed the first one very much. However, while this second installment has some interesting things, it didn't manage to keep me as hooked as the first one did.. . I really liked the magic system presented in the series, and the way it's used to give more depth and complexity to the plot. Additionally, Anya is presented as an impeccable protagonist, and her presence in the series is definitely one of the strongest points.. . However, compared to the first season, I felt that the story in the second installment was a ...
Prison School starts off with the most debauched cast of five guys just acting creepy and straight up criminally in a sexual harassment manner. Episode one was straight up nasty seemingly catering towards kinks. Things readily available are female domination, humiliation fetishism, masochism, spit, pee etc. The cast seemed to have no redeeming qualities and all of the hardships that came their way seemed justified. I was personally about to drop the series at this point.. . But I went on to watch Episode 2 in order to give it a chance. The same theme as the previous paragraph continued but halfway through Episode 2 there ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Well, well, well. If it isn't Date A Live III, the anime that's trying so hard to be good but falls short in some areas. Let me break it down for you.. . The story is a bit convoluted, with a lot of unnecessary twists and turns that don't really add much to the overall plot. It's a shame because the concept of "saving the world by dating girls" could have been really interesting, but it's not executed as well as it could have been.. . As for the main characters, Shido, Tohka, and Origami are the ones that stand out the most. Shido ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Well, where do I begin with this anime? Date A Live II: Kurumi Star Festival certainly has a story, but unfortunately, it's not the most engaging or original one out there. The concept of a boy having to date powerful spirits to save the world is nothing new, and this anime doesn't bring much new to the table.. . As for the main characters, they're mostly forgettable. The protagonist is your typical bland harem lead, and the female spirits don't have much depth or personality beyond their archetypes. The music is serviceable but doesn't stand out as anything remarkable.. . Overall, I suppose if ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . This time, it's Date A Live II, and let me tell you, it's got some interesting aspects to it.. . First of all, let's talk about the animation. It's decent, nothing to write home about, but it gets the job done. I'd give it a solid 7 out of 10.. . Now, when it comes to character development, I have to say, it's not too shabby. I'd give it another 7 out of 10. But don't get too excited, folks, it's not like we're talking about a Shakespearean level of character depth here. The story, on the other hand, is where things get interesting. ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . he anime that's like a romantic comedy mixed with a dash of sci-fi and a sprinkle of supernatural. And let me tell you, it's a ride that's almost as wild as my final task.. . The animation is decent, nothing to write home about, but it gets the job done. I'll give it a solid 7/10, like a mediocre Tinder date.. . Now, the character development is there, but it's not exactly groundbreaking. It's like watching a teenager go through puberty - it's awkward, but you know it's necessary. So, a 7/10 for that.. ...
Reborn to master the blade, but becomes Vegeta instead.. . This is more like what I’m looking for in a isekai power fantasy than most of the shows that came out this season, but there were enough annoying things about it that ultimately I soured on it by the end.. . The premise behind this one is that of a kind, beloved king, ruler of a prosperous fantasy empire, being reincarnated into another fantasy world, or maybe the same one, just in a different time (honestly I can’t remember which it is because it’s kind of passed over quickly in the early episodes and never comes up as a ...
I guess the novel series could be interesting, but I am dropping this.. Very slow plot and low quality animation. At first I thought it was peculiar to be able to count the hair strands of someone's eyebrows in certain minute-long closeups, or being flashed the cringe worthy amass of fat and wrinkles that Yuoshichi's face is. But the end of ep 3 with the dragon being just a moving splatter of white, which then gets compared with the high detail concept card was a terrible mistake, because it showed so obviously that the animation is not simple by design, but by necessity of being time ...
TOKYO GHOUL~ Honest Review:. I acknowledge the fact that Tokyo ghoul has a good story line and a massive start i.e a date leading to being a ghoul is nothing but an exceptional start in my opinion. And the fact that it has many best openings and endings like Unravel and remembering are close to my Heart But now addressing the major issue in this scenerio is that its animation could be made alot better keeping in mind the story it could easily have surpassed many shows but unluckily that amazing story was lacking a decent animation especially in the final season.. . Now ...
TL;DR As someone who had read the manga and the first volume of the LN, I'm disappointed with the anime adaptation. The adaptation itself is not that bad [b]EXCEPT THE ANIMATION ITSELF[/b](You should definitely watch it though if you want [b]diabetes.[/b]) Anyways, here is my review. . Story: 9/10. It gives you diabetes. period. The anime is too rushed IMO and it kinda ruin the sweetness a wee bit. But again, it's an adaptation of 4 LNs in 12 episodes so some stuffs do get rushed.. . Sounds: 8/10. The VAs are doing good job here. All the EDs are really good but the OP is too catchy. the background sound ...
This review is basically me just stating my opinions, there are already an array of mixed reviews available but i wanted to add my 2 cents in. apologies in advance for any incoherentness. also NO SPOILERS so its safe to read lol.. . there is a lot of different feelings i have towards this series as a whole, which is why i selected mixed feelings. There are interesting idea's all throughout the series, one of the largest being existentialism. To start on a more positive note, the main thing abt this series that is appealing IMO is how it ages, and becomes almost more relevant to today's ...
ONIMAI is a anime I first dropped on the first episode due to the feeling it will be overly lewd, but I returned… because watching too few anime this season was no fun, the show is a really good slice of life if I saw so (in my opinion), and the character interactions are really well done, and Mihari’s over reaction to any social interactions never get old as a introvert myself. As for when the show tries to be wholesome it also does that well, and not to mention how well the animation aesthetic fits really well. But then ecchi part of it which, ...
As an OLD fan of the Kantai Collection/Kancolle franchise who HAS played the original browser game using a bunch of plugins for non-japanese players, and watched the original anime and movie, this anime is just...baffling from every conceivable angle. Kancolle's popularity has long faded since it's golden years of 2014-2015 or so, and Kadokawa never bothered localizing the game officially, nor did they ever think to reinvigorate the franchise with a rebooted game to compete with the likes of Azur Lane and such, so a "season 2" after so many years is so baffling, and the fact that they decided to do a completely reimagined ...
It starts off with the hardest cliché ever. The "Meet cute" then a love triangle. But then it starts to kind of not become cliché. Then fan service but that's a given with anime most time but it was during the boring parts to keep the watcher enticed. Then when it starts to escalate. One girl clearly had more personality than the other as well which kind of was upsetting and forced for us to like more.. So you'll honestly need to watch the whole thing to be honest to fully enjoy it. I didn't really get bored of it just waited to see where ...
Love Flops is a show that seemed like ecchi harem bait but grew out of it with a quickly advancing plot and change in narrative pace. In the beginning, generic plot, general love interest development, character per episode, up until things change, for the better, or for the worse. Overall, interesting 12am speed watch. If you're looking for MORE THAN JUST romance-ecchi bait to hook you in the beginning of an anime, this anime is not it. However if you just want to zone out and watch something to occupy your time, and maybe don't mind romance-ecchi elements, then give this a try.
When I first heard about the concpet of the show, it seemed intresting to me, heard good word of mouth about it, so i decided to watch it.. . So what i thought of it,well. . . This show is a bundle of joy, a show which is overflowing with wholesomeness, but it has it's weakness tho.. . Story - as i said concpet itself was intresting enough to catch my attention, so concept was good, but it seemed very episodic and plot was not moving foward, specially the 2nd part of season 1, in part one they compensated the slow moving plot with humor but in 2nd part the show ...
First thing first, this anime is pretty much so so. Not that bad, but not really good either. The opening song is good, and the ending song is refreshing, along with the video.. . The story: 7. This anime tells about an old but strongest divine knight who's getting chance to be reincarnated, since he's going to die, and somehow got reincarnated as a baby girl. The baby girl was named Inglis Eucus, and she got to meet another baby which is going to be her friend until this short series ends. She definitely gets reincarnated but the power is still there, in her body, and that's also ...
Blue Lock. Very fresh and unique concept at first glance but later in the story it becomes very repetitive and very cliche. It doesn't follow the underdog team wanting to reach at the top with the help of the protagonist teammates. But.. is it not though?. . First, the so called cliche, "underdog team that want to be on top" is just the Team Japan they want to build to win the WC in this anime.. Second, the "teamwork, characters helping each other to improve" do I even have to say it. It's all over the place in this anime as well.. . So what makes it look ...
If you're looking for a new anime, I can recommend "High Card." It's a unique blend of superpowers and poker cards. Which is a refreshing change of pace from typical anime shows.. The protagonist, Finn Oldman, may start as the weakest player with his 2 spades card. But that makes his journey all the more exciting. As the plot progresses, you'll find yourself invested in his story.. While the world-building may be a bit heavy-handed in the first episode, the rest of the season focuses more on the characters and their relationships within the High Card group. And let me tell you, the characters are absolutely charming. ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Alright, let's buckle up and talk about Dagashi Kashi 2, the anime that makes me crave candy like a 5-year-old at a carnival. With a score of 6.8 out of 10, it's safe to say that this anime has some ups and downs, just like my blood sugar after a sugar rush.. . Let's start with the story. It's pretty simple: our protagonist, Kokonotsu, has a passion for creating manga, but his father wants him to take over the family's dagashi (Japanese snacks) shop. Along comes the eccentric candy-loving hottie, Hotaru, who tries to convince him to inherit the store instead. Honestly, ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Alright folks, gather round and let me tell you about this sweet little anime called Dagashi Kashi. Now, I gotta be honest with you, I wasn't quite sure what to expect when I fired this one up. But let me tell you, it's a real treat.. . First off, let's talk about the story. It's not gonna blow your mind or anything, but it's definitely entertaining. We follow our main character Hotaru, as she tries to convince a dude named Kokonotsu to take over his family's candy shop. And let me tell you, this girl is passionate about candy. Like, borderline obsessed. ...
I'm a filthy casual when it comes to slice of life, but this is one that if I weren't watching it for a challenge I probably wouldn't have approached.. . The characters are for the most part charming, though they sometimes fall flat and become very one note depending on their role in the episode. I liked that the show dipped its toes in different genres in parody, such as VR isekai, magical girls, mecha and a very "Corpse Party"-esque episode, though it's not quite a parody. Which leaves some untapped potential.. . With the anime lacking a continuation, it leaves a lot of questions unnanswered and I ...
The good first. The cgi and animation hold up almost 20 years later. It really is a beautifully shot and designed movie. The compositing basically seamless and the effects animation is gorgeous and had me gasping as you can feel the weight of giant machines fly and fall apart. This all pains me to rate this movie so low given the technical prowess.. . The Bad. Everything else. The story, the plot is mid, the pacing is slow. There are no redeeming characters, they are all frustratingly incompetent and either terrible humans or too stupid to still be alive. There are several scenes where our hero is ...
Isekai/fantasy plots are becoming more typical, but haphazard, because for every one copy that came out in the AniManga space, another one is ready to take its place. And set pieces, especially ones that take the tropes to a whole new level, there're many that tries to follow the trend to variable degrees of mediocrity, such is the case with novelist Hayaken's Eiyuu-ou, Bu wo Kiwameru Tame Tenseisu: Soshite, Sekai Saikyou no Minarai Kishi♀ a.k.a Reborn to Master the Blade: From Hero-King to Extraordinary Squire ♀.. . Just in case you'd forget due to STM or something, we've actually seen a show like this before: last Winter's ...
I'm not sure how much more I can watch.. . The concept is cute, funny, and entertaining, and I was excited to learn about their backstories. At first, I thought it was a copy and paste of Spy x Family given that they're working as spies/undercover jobs and have a child, but it is far from that. The first episode was good enough to make you curious what would happen next, but so far it just seems to be about a little girl that constantly screams, cries, and throw tantrums on top of being a complete nuisance to the MCs. Again, I could be bias since ...
“Handyman Saitou in Another World” is what happens when someone wants to make an anime in tiktok format.. . It’s a “story” (and I use this word loosely) about a blue collar worker who gets summoned (by accident I may add) to a fantasy world and joins forces with 3 adventurers to survive.. . Saitou - our main hero and the person who we follow the most. He’s a handyman skilled in lockpicking (and probably locksmithing), simple leather works, repairing items and appraising (somehow). He has a serious case of inferiority complex and once in a while acts like he could have a mild case of a depressive ...
This series was hot garbage. It was mildly fun garbage, kinda like finding a really messed up sofa thrown out by the curb, but at the end of the day, still garbage. The best compliment I can give this series is that I didn’t actively hate it by the end, just felt kinda indifferent to it. Not memorable, but I wouldn’t say it was boring enough to forget. I will remember Malika (Marika?) at least.. . Tomokazu Sugita [Gintama’s Gintoki], the voice of the main character Dariel was fighting for his life trying to carry this series, but his voice acting alone couldn’t pull it off. I ...
You know that expression: "My dog ate my homework"? It's more like "Your dog attacked it", and became something different all at once.. . Let's set the record straight for this show. If anyone of you is thinking that this is affiliated to NisiOisin's Monogatari series, it's clearly not that, OK? This is mangaka Onigunsou's Mono-NO-gatari, or more commonly referred to as Malevolent Spirits: Mononogatari. The manga that started almost a decade earlier in 2014 to the present day with (as if this review) 15 volumes out, with Seven Seas's English translation of the manga coming out at the same time as the anime had just started ...
Mangaka Bonnoki Itaru's Kyuuketsuki Sugu Shinu a.k.a The Vampire Dies in No Time is back for Season 2 not long after its initial season aired back in Fall 2021...and true to be honest: everything still feels the same atmosphere about its supernatural comedy, spliced with vampiric gag humor that will reel in the short-term nostagia that Season 1 left us with.. . The Ronaldo-Draluc character pairing is a direct copy-paste with more stories adapted from the manga (that the English translation just could not catch up), and when you know it, you knowi it: the same thing repeated over and over again becomes a trope. And it ...
Listen for what this series is this is still acceptable in the 2nd season. I treat this series as a "sweet nothing". A nice palate cleanser. An enjoyable watch where you're just enjoying the world being pleasant for awhile. The 1st season did this very well. This 2nd season was okay but seemed to be lacking some of whatever made the first season just "pleasant to watch".. . I can't pin down exactly what was missing, but whatever it was there was less of "something" than the first season had.. . It was still an enjoyable palate cleanser and nice ...
A TL;DR whether or not this is worth a watch for you is this:. . If you expect a good storyline with character growth and actual depth to it... you probably wont enjoy this season much.. If you, however, dont mind there being next to no storyline and just wanna see some cool Digimon on screen with a few horror elements mixed into it, then you will probably enjoy this season.. . This season started out at being fun and promising but ultimately, didnt lead anywhere. It brought up some good, clever ideas in certain episodes, which mostly fell flat due to the presentation of said ideas that the series ...
First Of all the anime was okay from the first half not my cup of tea and around the 7-8 ep it kinda got bland for me and I felt bored watching this although I gave it a full try.. and yeah not bad but not a great show seeing it's 7.4 score on mal seems reasonable although many people would rate it 10 and I understand it for some people this show might give them the feels but it was not quite the same for me.. . Animation-8/10. Animation was great since this anime was released around 2008 era it has a great animation for that ...
Season with a very weak direction even having a lot of action as little seen in so many seasons of this anime. Editing and continuity were the part that sinned the most. They extended and directed the part with Giganchia very badly and left the prison part with a few minutes of the episode, for example. I could detail everything but I don't want to dwell on a mediocre season of an anime. because the dialogues were clearly appealing. And even repetitive because they are already beaten dialogues and speeches from other seasons. I know it's a children's anime and for such minds, but I ...
Just a quick little review from me. Only watched a few eps of the OG Trigun so I consider myself pretty fresh to the series.. . Stampede is overall perfectly watchable, especially for a 3D anime, but to me it just feels like so many missed opportunities. Some characters get introduced too quickly, others are used as comedic relief with mixed results, others are just bland and not very interesting. Generally I really like the direction and theming of the story, especially of the two main protags, Vash and his brother Nai, but the revealing of their past and of the world in general feels lopsided ...
(light spoilers). This anime had a good start and finish but was a bit inconsistent. It's quite funny and made me laugh at loud while watching but when the tone gets serious its less enjoyable. Some fights really dragged and it was hard to worry about character deaths with how many times they've been teased and there also being a revive spell. I didn't care for when the story focused away from the main cast because it's strength lied in gags and became a bit bland when the tone shifted. The character dynamics were most enjoyable and what kept me watching until the end. I wanted ...
2016 was a widely different time in anime, for sure.. . "Bungou Stray Dogs" is the third consecutive anime I see about an agency with special people inside. It may be my fatigue from the formula, but it's all just a constant stream of tropes. The problem with this instance is how many things it was trying to do in such a little amount of time. The show isn't anything I can identify, and not in a good way. There's not an objective in sight, and usually that can lead to more of a "survive the situation" kinda thing, but we don't get that. Things happen, ...
It’s not the greatest thing to watch out there, but it’s also not the worst. If you have anything else you’ve been putting off watching you’re better off watching that, its kind of like EvolxLove which is more recent but yeah, watch if you want just don’t expect this like awesome story, the romance is basically the drama. I thought dark green hair guy was obviously preferred here, as in she liked him it would’ve been better if they had a little bit more of everyone so that it would seem like everyone has a shot with her, or if they gave dark green hair ...
The first anime that I classified as “boring”, even though I watched the whole thing. I am not a “hater” and usually I don't even rate the ones I don't like because I don't finish them. But since I watched this one to the end, I decided to give it this rating. The characters are not well-developed, the story is very stagnant and difficult to watch in many moments. Thank God for the speed acceleration of the video. They could use a lot more material from the story, there are many things that were little used or explored. Disappointed, I hope it ends there. I'm ...
Handyman Saitou feels a lot like the author wanted to write an isekai that was different and went from there. The result is, in my opinion, something that feels unique but not special. A lot of people were able to see it as a goofy fantasy that fixed the problems they had with other isekai, and good for them, but for me it was a pretty mediocre collection of skits that eventually became an even more mediocre couple of story arcs. Sometimes the formula is what it is for a reason, and you should have a better idea of what you're doing before trying to ...
I initially skipped over Otherside Picnic as it aired because I'm not really into anything horror. Not because I hate it or anything, but I just never really found it interesting. But I was bored one day and had nothing to watch, so I decided to try checking this out. It turned out to be better than I expected, though I do feel more could have been done with this. The story centers on two girls—Sorawo and Toriko—who meet in the mysterious realm they refer to as the Otherside. It's a vast and dangerous realm that hardly anyone knows about, filled with all manner of ...
This didn't really work for me. The world on display here is honestly pretty marvelous, at least conceptually. The the pacing of it all, the characters, and the narrative, though, never really got me invested. The emotional beats missed because of that, and I just couldn't get immersed.. . The animation certainly didn't help that, either.. . Trigun Stampede's is undoubtedly the most visually appealing 3D animation that I've ever seen in an anime, but it still just seemed off in most scenes. The faces are really expressive in a way that most 2D shows can't achieve, but the characters still feel soulless. The environments are vibrant and interesting, ...
Studio Orange director: “Man, I was watching this piece of trash Boomer anime the other day and all my buddies around me were laughing at it. Then it suddenly struck me. This is an absolute tragedy! This old piece of trash actually has all the elements there to be a masterpiece and it’s simply being handcuffed by all this hackneyed anime bullshit! Imagine if it cut out the stupid comedy, extra characters, pointless romance sub-plot, pointless fanservice, and just really doubled down on the psychological drama and grimdark elements. Those Zoomers who laugh at this shit right now and dismiss it will have their minds ...
The original 1998 anime adaptation of Trigun is one of those rare beasts that grew big in North America after flopping in Japan. In fact, it became so successful in America that it spawned a side story movie more than a decade later. Even more surprisingly, after another decade, we're getting this reboot, with the source material having sat finished on the shelf for over 15 years already.. . One quick glance at any of the pictures related to Trigun Stampede is enough to tell you that the makers have struck out in a completely new direction in terms of aesthetic. I can't say I was too ...
Otonari no Tehnshi-sama ni Itsunomanika Dame ningen ni Sareteita Ken is a great example of an unoriginal show, full of tropes repeated billions of times over the years of anime and manga, providing very little of a real or relatable content but it will give you moments of hope, which definitely makes the show worth a shot.. . First things first, the beginning is very promising, first 2 episodes will definitely hook you up to the series, teasing a fresh and different approach to the trope of "a girl and a guy are neighbours and they very obviously are going to fall for each other". There are ...
Bottom Line: Best experienced after the better Manga.. . Pros:. . + Some amazingly designed characters you can't help but fall in love with, who have real flaws and work to overcome them, including an unusually likable protagonist for a harem. . + An adaptation of one of the best romantic comedy manga ever and can be both heart wrenching and funny. . + Contains Best Girl Uruka Takemoto. . ...
(It's a step up at least). Well... after a somewhat short wait for season 2, here I am once again watching a series that I will most likely completely forget everything about within 2 months of watching.. . Is Kyokou Suiri bad? No, by no means is this a bad series. However, there isn't... anything special about it. The story had potential but is executed poorly, the voice acting is okay, and the characters are semi-decent. One of the few things I do like is the animation. Although considering I tend to only watch stuff from the early 2000s, I guess that's to be expected.. . I will say however, ...
I generally like this series quite a bit, but the first season was definitely better than the second. Both have a sort of feel good type of vibe. However, the pacing/progress in the second season is really too slow. I personally do like the business component, but it needs more progress/development. Also, Ryoma is slightly too insecure for someone that has insane skills and success. I do hope there will be a season 3, with further exploration of slimes, adventure and business at a higher pace. I dont mind Elia eps as long as it doesnt detract from the pace of the main story.
EN:. An anime that defends what characterized the slice of life of the 2000s. In these 6 episodes of 6 minutes (actually less than 4 minutes), they briefly tell us stories of girls in love or interested in a boy who apparently they do not adequately reciprocate their feelings. In essence it reminds me of a strange mix between Hatsukoi Limited and 5 Centimeters per second. Although of course, saving the distances.. It should be noted that the characters of the first episodes become concurrent in the following ones, since everything takes place within the same high school.. Perhaps the most remarkable thing about this show and the ...
Der Anime Masou Gakuen HxH ist nach meiner Meinung nach einer der besten Harem Ecchi Meisterwerk die es bis jetzt gibt! Alleine die Animation ist auf ein hohem und Grandiosen Level obwohl er schon 7 Jahre alt ist, Meine Bewertung ist für das Meisterwerk eine 10 von 10 und ich hoffe das Irgendwann auch eine 2 Staffel Kommt das Hoffe ich sehr!. Ich kann den Anime nur Weiter Empfehlen weil er einer der besten Ecchi Animes ist die es gerade gibt. . . In my opinion, the anime Masou Gakuen HxH is one of the best harem ecchi masterpieces out there so far! The ...
A fresh coat with many problems. . Blue Lock is a sports anime that takes a very new and unique approach. Normally, you follow a team, which wants to fight its way to the top and thereby bond together as a team. The team inevitably has to learn that teamwork is important and that together you can do anything. But not so in Blue Lock. Here, it's all about pure ego. The animal in every striker that will go over dead bodies for its own goal and triumph over others. It's about the ecstasy of victory, about every goal you fight for yourself. In this way, Blue ...
As lovely as this Anime may be, I'd have to drop it now. I haven't felt like watching another episode for weeks now and it's already nearing its end, mostly because the story hasn't really given me anything to anticipate. I'm basically just watching two timid individuals struggling to express/confess the mutual feelings they have for each other in every episode with no obstacles whatsoever other than themselves. But to be fair, it's supposed to be like that since it's a romance Anime so, I totally get it. And those sweet, innocent, wholesome cheesy moments are actually this Anime's main point.. I just wish they did ...
Different. But not for everyone. For some it can be a 10/10, some will not like it. See some trailers, or/and more detailed reviews.. As a person who likes light, calming anime, but also gory ones when they are super deep, like (tokyo ghoul): I did not enjoy most of rainbow. I did love the first episodes, despite their sorrow. It shows a perspective in life, teenage jail, that you don't see everyday, which was an experience I welcomed. But as it continued, it seemed like it mostly aimed on giving harsh feelings and making the whole experience non enjoyable. Not because of the ...
While I enjoyed previous seasons of Yowamushi Pedal, this felt like a slog to me. The entire season covers just the second inter-high race, so they are sure to drag out every bit as long as possible. Plot-wise, it is almost a carbon copy of the first inter-high, with basically identical strategies. The later episodes feel exceedingly slow, with flashbacks taking up the most of some episodes, and racers barely traversing a few hundred meters. Now, Yowamushi Pedal is a character driven story so flashbacks are great for fleshing out characters; however, by this point we already know the characters rather well and it is ...
Problems: The biggest issue is that the power scaling in the series is a mess. I hope one day they will secure the problems. The fillers of course, the biggest problem is the fillers too many fillers, I had hoped that the series would be seasonal from the beginning because you cannot make an anime series that is weekly, while the manga is monthly. Overpowered Characters I think that is one of the problems as well in the series. I understand that this is a new generation of ninjas, I was hoping that they wouldn't overshadowed the old generation. Adapting the manga, like they didn't ...
Absolute dogshit. Probably gets better at some point but I shouldn’t have to watch more than 9 episodes to get to something genuinely interesting. I think the anime also does a shit job of representing gangs and the people who lead them. The main character is about as interesting as watching snails get from point A to point B. It’s funny how the whole plot of the anime was about Tachibana, yet the main character is far more motivated to figure out what happens to Mikey and the others to result in the future that he witnessed. For example, instead of using 3 very valuable ...
7.5 for fans of the games, 4.5 for people going blind. If you played the games beyond the 7, this is a must watch imo. The story it's not on the same level as the games, but it's close enough and it feels like it has respect for the games, I enjoyed it.. . The story would be trails 7.5 and the synopsis explains everything basically. The new characters were fine, they have personality, the show has 1 or 2 episodes that were pretty bad but on average it was good. My only complain would be that I expected to see more Rean x Altina moments, ...
Boruto ~ An allegedly battle-oriented shounen that is supposedly classified in the Top 3 of the New gen.. . NOTE: There were many other reviewers from different series that provided inspiration for this one mainly read a lot of Single H's reviews because I enjoy long reviews, and took some of the writing styles I guess.. . Boruto entered my life the moment I finished the war arc of Naruto, and even though I knew the massive filler from this anime since I just finished Naruto in late 2018, I thought that it would still be decent. If you didn't know, Boruto was very well-liked even though many people hated the fillers, ...
Overall Impression: Kekkaishi is a battle shounen series that follows Yoshimori, a teenage boy that can create magical barriers, and his childhood friend/rival Tokine as they protect the Karasumori site, a powerful magnet for ayakashi, which is sealed beneath their school. While relatively thoughtfully executed, this is a bland and uninspired action series at its base level, which makes it hard to recommend if you've seen this kind of show already, even though it's not terrible in isolation.. . + Positives: It's got some pretty cool monster designs. Director Kenji Kodama uses his experience from the eternally-running Case Closed series to pace this 52 episode series out ...
"I don't want to lose anymore love".. This line from the opening song, ironically describes the entire show.. . Before I start my review, here's something for people who haven't watched either the 90s or this one and conflicted about it, because most people in my feed haven't watched either.. Trigun 90s version happens post-Julai (July) event, and Trigun Stampede happens pre-Julai event. What's the July event? It's when the humanoid typhoon "Vash the Stampede" destroys the entire 'July' city, killing multiple civilians, and earning 60 billion double dollars over his head. So, one can say Stampede is kind of a prequel to the OG but that's not the ...
The most polarizing anime of Winter 2020 comes back to shave off too many brain cells once again, and I don't blame you if you find that this show is still an absolute nightmare to trough through.. . It's of clear, obvious intentionality that novelist-cum-mangaka Ryo Shirodaira's supernatural thriller mystery series is something that we all either love or hate, much aligned for its dialogue-heavy segments. And exactly 3 years later, we get another sequel, which is frankly, more of the same that covers the manga's content right after the long-winded Steel Lady Nanase arc from Volume 7 onwards, diverging into mini-arc cases that take a life ...
It’s a gag anime, which revolves around a stupid girl- Yoshiko Hanabatake, who even though is in high school acts like a ten year old monkey- both in not having common sense, being dump and craving bananas, in the metaphorical and physical way. Which is to say her mom wants to marry her to the protagonist, Akutsu Akuru, your average main character: smart, black haired, and for some resaon still friends with the dumb neighbour. In each episode we have some kind of series of events, ending in more or less funny ways.. . As for the characters, one-dimensional would be the best description. Even though there ...
A somewhat insubstantial supplementary work, really, insofar as I suspect you don't need to watch this to follow the story. "Picture drama" basically means it's told through mostly still images, with some limited animation such as characters sliding into frame and camera zooms and pans. You could think of it as like an audio drama with some illustrations. It's only seven minutes long, so if you like the Tenchi Muyou! Ryououki OVAs and/or Tenchi Muyou! in general you may as well check it out, unless it just can't hold your attention without much animation.. . What's interesting to me is that the presentation is quite similar to ...
It's a bad sequel to a nice first season.. While the first season brought with it this sense of child-like wonder about the new world, the second season is all about business. Literally. He runs a laundromat, and he goes from place to place to make this business better. Not for money, nor to introduce decent labor rights into the feudal society, but because all his business pals tell him that "THIS RANDOM BUSINESS IDEA IS GREAT, DO IT BRO, IT'S GONNA DO GREAT".. Maybe as a result, but Ryoma stays the same from end of season 1 to the end of season 2. There's nothing ...
I wanted to like this, I do, but this was just a disappointment in what made the first season great.. . It has the same charm that I like from the first season and the new characters are pretty charming. But the main problem of this show is the pacing and the lack of focus it had. There are just so many things going on this season that they just speedran through every episode but somehow made it slow in a lot of ways.. . The first season had good pacing, showing Ryouma learning and adapting to the world around him with the people he grew to love and ...
Benriya Saitou-san, Isekai ni Iku is quite a serie. Remember watching the initial teaser PV and thinking: “an isekai that will actually focus on its fantasy elements and the development of his main character instead of just being another otaku pandering? That’s something I need to check!”, and surprisingly, it was actually like that… Well, kinda.. . Saitou is a handyman, and he’s good at it, but being undervalued led him to be not too confident about his own skills and overall utility, and now, after being given another chance in another world, he has to prove to others and himself what he’s very capable of. More ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Well, hello there! It's your favorite Reviewer ready to review the Clannad movie.. . Let's start with the story. Clannad is a touching, heart-warming tale of love and loss that will have you reaching for the tissues. It's the kind of story that hits you right in the feels and makes you appreciate the people in your life. And while it may not be the most original story out there, it's executed with such skill and care that it's hard not to be swept up in its emotional currents. So for story, I'm giving Clannad a solid 8/10.. . Now, onto the art style. ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Well, well, well, what do we have here? It's Chuunibyou demo Koi ga Shitai!: Kirameki no... Slapstick Noel, the anime that has everyone talking! And by everyone.. . Let's start with the story, shall we? It's about a group of high school students who suffer from "chuunibyou", which basically means they have delusions of grandeur. But despite this, they manage to find love in each other, and that's what makes the story so darn charming. It's not groundbreaking by any means, but it gets the job done.. . So, what's the verdict? gets a solid 7.7/10 from me. It's not a masterpiece, but it's ...
In today's anime industry, you've probably heard of the infamous 'Truck-kun' meme at one point or another. Unless you've been living under a rock, truck-kun has become synonymous with isekai anime, as it is the main catalyst responsible for sending a protagonist to a fantasy world. Don't believe me? Just ask the handyman Saitou.. . Watching Handyman Saitou in Another World immediately made me keep expectations in check for it represents the standard of isekai anime these days. A short list to cross off includes a main protagonist with a certain set of skills, a party consisting of at least one female protagonist, and a fantasy world ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Well, well, well. It's your favorite anime reviewer,Fakecross. And today, I'm going to be reviewing Charlotte: Tsuyoimono-tachi. Buckle up, folks, because this one's gonna be a doozy.. . Let's start with the story. It's pretty solid, not gonna lie. There are some twists and turns that kept me on my toes, and I appreciated the emotional depth that the writers brought to the table. Overall, I'd give it a 7 out of 10. Not too shabby.. . I gotta say, it was a wild ride. There were moments that made me laugh, moments that made me cry, and moments that made me wanna punch ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Well, well, well, what do we have here? It's Boku wa Tomodachi ga Sukunai Episode 0, and I have to say, it's quite an interesting little anime.. . First up, let's talk about the story. It's nothing revolutionary, but it's definitely entertaining. We've got a group of misfits trying to make friends and fit in at school, which is a theme that's been done before. But hey, sometimes it's nice to stick with a classic formula.. . Moving on to the art style, I have to say I'm a fan. It's bright and colorful, and the character designs are appealing. I wouldn't say it's ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Well, well, well, if it isn't Boku wa Tomodachi ga Sukunai, the anime with a title that's harder to pronounce than "supercalifragilisticexpialidocious." But let's not judge a book by its cover, or in this case, an anime by its tongue-twister title.. . First things first, the story of Boku wa Tomodachi ga Sukunai is like a bowl of instant noodles - quick, easy, and not too filling. It's nothing groundbreaking, but it's still enjoyable to watch. The art style is crisp and colorful, and the character designs are cute enough to make you want to pinch their cheeks.. . Now, let's talk about the ...
Should you watch Boruto? If you want to see the continuation of the franchise, but you are reading mixed reviews, looking at the low score and thinking is it worth your time, look no further. First I want to start with the fact that I like the show, the main plot of it is at least on point and I hope, combined with what's coming, it might be a worthy successor of Naruto. However, the fillers are.... simply empty, as if you have just wasted 23 minutes of your life. My personal advice is to use Boruto Filler list and watch only manga canon, while ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Welcome, my fellow weeb petrolheads, to my review of Bakuon. Now, let me tell you, this anime is like a motorbike that looks cool, but doesn't quite live up to the hype.. . First off, the story is a bit all over the place. It's like they threw a bunch of motorcycle-related ideas at a wall and just went with whatever stuck. And don't even get me started on the talking motorcycle. It's like Knight Rider, but with a lot less David Hasselhoff.. . Now, the voice acting is decent enough, but the real star of the show is the sound design. The motorcycles ...
Anime about making figurines from sugar. Somehow there is whole industry for that thing in the story. Plus yearly royal contest with king giving out titles for the best artisan. If you disregard this rather silly premise (and sometime this is hard and hilariously stupid when they talk about it seriously), you can get some enjoyment out of this story.. . Main theme is MC striving to get acknowledged as professional in this field. Even though girl is already best at this craft almost from get go, story still revolve around making her best effort. Nonetheless, conflicts present in story are more relatable than you might expect. ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Well, well, well, what do we have here? It's the third season of Bakuman, the anime about making manga. And let me tell you, it's like watching paint dry, but with more angst.. . Now don't get me wrong, I love a good underdog story. But there's something about watching a bunch of teenagers drawing pictures that just doesn't quite do it for me. The characters are all a little too earnest for my taste - where's the sarcasm and the snark?. . But I will say this - the animation is top-notch. It's like they spent all their budget on making the characters' ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Well, well, well, what do we have here? It's Bakuman, the anime about making manga. And let me tell you, this show is about as exciting as a bag of hammers.. . Don't get me wrong, there are some interesting moments, but most of the time it feels like you're watching paint dry. The characters are all a bunch of nerds who take themselves way too seriously, and the animation is about as dynamic as a bowl of oatmeal.. . Now, I know some people love this kind of stuff. They like to nerd out over the intricacies of manga creation and the struggles ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Today, we're talking about Bakuman, an anime that's about as exciting as a toothbrushing competition.. . The premise is simple: two high schoolers team up to become manga artists and achieve their dreams of being published in Weekly Shonen Jump. Sounds thrilling, right? Well, let me tell you, it's not exactly the adrenaline-fueled ride that you were hoping for.. . Sure, there are moments of tension and drama, but for the most part, Bakuman is a slow and plodding anime that's more concerned with the inner workings of the manga industry than anything else. It's like watching paint dry, but with more characters and ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Well, hello there. Today, we're talking about Bakemonogatari, or as I like to call it, the anime that's impossible to pronounce. Seriously, try saying that five times fast.. . Now, this anime is a bit of a mixed bag. On one hand, the animation is absolutely stunning. It's like watching a work of art come to life on your screen. On the other hand, the plot is about as confusing as a Rubik's Cube in a tornado.. . The characters are all quirky and interesting, but they don't always make the most sense. It's like trying to have a conversation with a drunk octopus ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Well, well, well, what do we have here? It's Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu: Matsuri, or as I like to call it, 'Stupid Test Summoning Festival'. And let me tell you, this anime is like a clown car that just keeps getting more ridiculous.. . The concept is simple - students battle each other with avatars summoned from their test scores. It's like if Pokemon and standardized testing had a love child.. . The humor is absurd and over-the-top, and the characters are all as thick as two short planks. It's like watching a train wreck in slow motion, but somehow, you can't look ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Ah, Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu Ni!, or as I like to call it, "Stupid Kids and Their Magical Avatars - The Sequel". And let me tell you, it's a mixed bag.. . On one hand, you've got some seriously funny moments. The humor is clever, the gags are well-executed, and the characters are all a bunch of lovable idiots. It's like watching a bunch of clowns try to solve complex math problems.. . But on the other hand, you've got some serious flaws. The pacing is all over the place, the story is all over the place, and the animation is...well, let's just ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Right, so here we have Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu, or as I like to call it, Dumb and Dumber Go to School. This anime is like a wacky sitcom with a dash of magic thrown in.. . The premise is simple - a group of idiotic students attend a school where their test scores determine their class and quality of life. But here's the twist - they can summon avatars to battle each other in a virtual world. It's like a bizarre mash-up of Harry Potter and Yu-Gi-Oh.. . The humor is definitely the highlight of the show. The characters are all lovable ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Well, well, well, what do we have here? It's the Ao Haru Ride OVA, or as I like to call it, 'The Ride That Goes Nowhere.'. . This anime is like a romantic comedy on a merry-go-round. It's cute, it's sweet, and it's going in circles. The characters are charming, but the plot just keeps spinning its wheels.. . Don't get me wrong, there are some heartwarming moments and plenty of laughs along the way. But if you're looking for a satisfying conclusion to the story, you'll be left disappointed.. ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Well, well, well, what do we have here? It's Ao Haru Ride, an anime that's like a romance novel on wheels.. . The plot is fairly standard fare - girl meets boy, girl and boy fall in love, girl and boy face various obstacles in their quest for true love. It's like a cheesy rom-com, but in anime form.. . The characters are all likable enough, but they're about as complex as a cheese sandwich. The animation is decent, but it's not exactly blowing my socks off.. ...
Digimon Ghost Game is the latest anime installment in the franchise and with the disappointment of Digimon Adventure 2020 one would understandably be hesitant to give it a watch. As such, after finishing its final episode I can safely say that... the recommendation is still up in the air depending on what you're looking for.. . On the one hand, compared to its predecessors, here the cast are much more charismatic, cheerful, full of fear and all in all emotional. And I'm not only referring to the main three but the partner Digimon and some of the supporting cast as well. Each of them has a way ...
**tl;dr**: As a standalone show, it’s phenomenal in production value and a little weak in narrative. Compared to the manga, well, I mean it just doesn’t.. . I don't normally write reviews, and I'd like to keep it that way, so I'll keep this as curt as possible. I tend to notice that there are two camps who watch this show, and they're both right.. . The first camp is made up of viewers who don't know the source material and have also never watched the OG anime canon. They have no preconceived notion of what Trigun should be. For this camp, this is a decent anime. It has ...
Sword Art Online Alicization. . Compared to many other anime, this one is one of the most difficult to rate. I'm always sure that the author has absolutely no idea what he wants to do and just chews through all the ideas without context, as long as something comes out of it. And the Alicization season is no exception.. . However, I think this arc (including Underworld) is the best of all Sword Art Online, even though it has practically nothing to do with the original anime and is more a mixture of Soma (The Game) and Matrix. However, the author has finally managed to bring interesting ideas ...
To say the "The Angel Next Door is a typical old school romance drama" pretty much captures what this anime is all about. If you are fan of romance, it doesn't get better than this. It has all the markings of a proper typical romance - it's cute, it's cheesy, the characters are wholesome and do things that make you smile and the innocence and purity of their bond will make your heart throb. This is something fans of the genre will crave. It's probably safe to say this anime is something that you may either really love or really hate, but I do find ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Another, huh? Well, let me tell you, watching this anime is like trying to solve a Rubik's cube blindfolded. You think you know what's going on, and then everything changes in the next episode. It's like trying to navigate a maze while blindfolded and deaf.. . Don't get me wrong, the animation is top-notch and the story is intriguing, but it's just so darn confusing. It's like trying to follow a recipe without any measurements or instructions. You're just throwing things in a pot and hoping for the best.. . So, while Another might not be for everyone, if you're a fan of mind-bending, ...
While I do like the premise of the show, it will always come to me as a replica of The Monogatari Series, which in my opinions is just leagues better than this.. . The focus on social issues, especially those that younger people are experiencing, and the way they are represented by different forms of "puberty syndrome" is really good and separates it from the more supernatural absurdity of Monogatari.. . I could write a long comparison between the two series and how monogatari does it way better but I won't bore you with it. They are different enough and I give Bunny Girl senpai the credit it deserves ...
Soul Eater is a very good anime... unique character designs, good animation, cheesy but great characters, an engaging story... well all the way up until episode 35 at least. Unfortunately during the anime's production, the manga wasn't fully completed... so rather than waiting for the manga to conclude they decided to continue the story and end it their own way which was fine but... it just doesn't hit the same as the manga. This series desperately needs a remake to cover the chapters that weren't adapted so we can have the superior ending animated. I'm mixed because the parts that were properly adapted are great... ...
(There are two very minor spoilers in here. I even marked it for more visibility, but if you want to go in completely blind, don't read this.). . Edgerunners is good. I'll give it that. But a masterpiece? I think not.. . Now, hear me out. I'm not trying to hate on this without reason. I sank hundreds of hours into Cyberpunk 2077, and I've been a massive fan of CD Projekt RED for quite some time. And out of all the open world games I've played, I absolutely adore the aesthetic of cyberpunk the most.. . But that is that, and this is this.. . Edgerunners seems to get one thing ...
I am not a sports anime fan but Blue Lock manages to pique my interest because it has the appeal towards action shounen fans.. . The idea for the story is really interesting : A football battle royale for strikers.. . Blue Lock the most unorthodox approach towards football and that is one of the reasons why it stands out compared to other football anime. Instead of regular training arc and the power of friendship to pull through each match, Blue Lock skips those training montage and tries to nurture the egoism in these characters during matches. The show is also fast paced which adds more oomph to ...
It could also be called "Exposition: The Animation". . Most of the runtime is dedicated to people talking about what's happening in the scene. The rest of the time is people waiting patiently for the opponent to recite long spells. The action is basically still frames with some basic movement here and there. Nothing makes sense with really dumb dialogue.. . But if you just turn off your brain and let it go you may have fun. It's a little guilt pleasure for most viewers and it's so strong you can almost taste the 80's on it, a helluva lot of 80's metal music reference.. . In general I would recommend ...
The new generation sports anime. Can we say it's Haikyuu's successor? Famous sports shounen anime (the most famous in the world) full of characters with flashy designs and exuding competition. Generational anime.. . It's not like I didn't enjoy it, I actually felt really excited watching Blue Lock. Sports themes excite me a lot in general, even more so being my favorite sport, football, however, it is difficult to disassociate reason from emotion. For the reason I want to devour these stories right now, I want a new season as soon as possible. However, for the reason, it is notorious that this anime fails in many aspects.. . Starting ...
I've watched it up until they put it on pause. Honestly don't know what happened I read that covid caused another stop. One of the reviews talked about the author being greedy. Sadly the author passed away after the first season which I think caused a lot of issues for this season and perhaps the third season if they even continue. Sad to see what happened to this anime as the first season was amazing.. . I do think that this anime had a lot of potential and it flopped, hopefully, if they continue the season they can redeem it and the third season can be as ...
The ending really felt like going to a drive through for a meal, and they forget one of your sides (and you were charged for it), but you didn't want to make a fuss because the rest of the food was a 7/10 and you used a coupon that saved you some $.. . This is something that can be judged by your tastes in anime, I don't think it is a bad show (Ahem, Rent a Girlfriend) by any means, but it wouldn't be something I would ever re-watch, nor would I reference it since it is so bland towards the end that it gets painful ...
Dudes really just made a movie out of the The Zanpakutō Rebellion arc from Bleach.... . High production values and some good performances by supporting cast just barely manage to salvage this movie that was surprisingly determined to run itself off the tracks with their persistent attempts at making sure Atsushi continues to be the front-runner for the worst shounen MC to hit the scene.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 9/10. -----------------------------------------------. . This being a movie and all, the increased production values over the base anime are pretty obvious. The visuals are notably grander with the effects team putting in work. We get some pretty cool scenery and ...
WTF is this one... Why does this look so good but have stuff that makes me go ehh... It does not make sense.. . So Mahiro gets drugged by his sister and now he's now a girl. Oh boy, that doesn't sound good isn't it? Fortunately, for the most part, it's wholesome. As for why? You should watch the first episode of this. A little convoluted but alright.. . Under the surface, it's a well made show. The studio clearly gave it love. The dynamic between the Oyama siblings is there and it's good. This is mostly the focus on the first half of the show. The latter half ...
Honestly, it's good but far from perfect. The ending ruins it. We don't get a proper ending, it leaves you feeling like there's way too much for the main characters to still do. I won't say what's missing but it just leaves you feeling empty because the ending opens more doors than it closes.. . I love the main cast, none of them are by any stretch of the means "uninteresting" and there are some really sweet scenes... I also wish to give you a warning that there is some minorly graphic content such as a naked character hiding their parts with their hands and arms.
Rating: 6-7. I originally liked how the anime started. I couldn't wait until the next episode so I read the manga.. Even if I hadn't read it, a lot of the reasons why the characters feel flat is because everything is rushed. The pacing of the whole anime is off. There are moments where it would be better to show a single frame for drama purposes but it changes so quick to the next panel as if nothing happened.. The anime could've gotten two seasons if it was paced properly but instead we will only get 1 season without a proper ending since there is very ...
This anime is a dumbed down version of Evangelion.. . Why? I mean, A bunch of teenager selected to be a FranXX Pilot, doesn't that remind you of evangelion? they just put some new element and delete half of the element evangelion had. And i have this question on my mind while watching this anime, WHY TEENAGERS? why can't they just have an adult to be the pilot. AND why the girls selected to be the controller of the FranXX? Why can't they just make a controller for the FranXX? Is that to much budget to spent? For now i don't really enjoyed it.. . The only reason ...
Ah, "Kaiko sareta Ankoku Heishi (30-dai) no Slow na Second Life." How delightful. It's everything the title promises, really. The protagonist is chilling, and the pace is slower than a sloth with a hangover. This is the latest entry in what I like to call the "iyashikei isekai/fantasy" genre. You know the drill - horny protagonist, hordes of girls, and enough fanservice to make your eyes pop out. But fear not, for this show is a tad different. It steamrolls everything and focuses on the slice-of-life scenes.. Our protagonist is a laid-off demon army soldier. How original. And surprise, surprise - a girl comes along ...
This show succeeds at one thing and one thing only, and that's exactly what it set out to do: give lonely dudes who crave affection a wish-fulfilment taste of romance. And to it's credit, it did that very well.. Co-protagonists Amane and Shina are both fairly one-dimensional towards, although Shina does have some depth to her character further into the season. Amane is, as with most unapologetical wish fulfilment romance anime protagonists, effectively a blank slate for self-projection. His self doubt and inferiority complex could have been interesting character traits but they weren't executed well at all, instead just feeling like reasons the drag out the ...
Mixed feelings describe Blue Lock pretty good.. . It reaches greats heights while traveling through the deepest valleys shortly after.. . The idea behind Blue Lock is absolutely great. This whole academy setting paired with battle royal elements is almost guaranteed for some pretty intense and emotional moments. The animation is good, in my opinion. All you would need in order to make this work would be only one thing.. Well written and interesting characters.. And this where this show lacks the most. After all 24 episodes I couldn't care less for any of the remaining characters. The show didn't manage to give me any reason why ...
This review is going to be divided in 2 parts, first a standalone spoiler free one, and then I am going to compare it with the old one and might contain spoilers.. . First of all, animation is great, yes is full CGI but it is good CGI, if you love animation, I recommend at least the first and last episodes. Honestly, even if you don’t want to watch this anime, if you watch those two episodes you probably can fill the gaps on your own.. . Story wise, it’s a little lackluster but there is a reason why: it’s just a setup for the second season. ...
This show is a weird one to review. Story is very good but animation is a joke, at least in some shots. In others it's half-decent. At the same time main character is as annoying as shounen anime main character can gets. He is constantly screaming and overreacting to everything making whole thing near-impossible to watch. Characters are in general very well designed and unique, funny in their own individual ways. All except main character.. . If you can stomach Kenichi from first few episodes, you'll probably have fun watching the rest of the show because he never changes. Even after so much training and so many ...
So much potential wasted. The premise of the show is thoughtful but so much time is wasted, and too many things are lacking. As a romance alone, I thought this show was good. Not great but good. But literally 10 minutes of every episode is dialogues of Shiina and Fujimiya with Shiina's VA just moaning into the mic as they rub each other's head's and get lap pillows while fujimiya gets his dinner cooked. I saw some comments about chatGPT and that low key kinda describes the dialogues, they are SOOO repetitive. It's like the same thing happens from episodes 1-11. I thought the 12th ...
Babylon is an anime series that had the potential to be great, but unfortunately falls short in its execution. The story revolves around the main protagonist, Zen Seizaki, a public prosecutor investigating a pharmaceutical company involved in a scandal. The anime starts off strong with a gripping storyline that keeps the audience engaged.. . However, as the series progresses, it begins to lose its focus and the plot becomes convoluted. The pacing of the story is also inconsistent, with some episodes feeling rushed while others drag on. This inconsistency makes it difficult for viewers to remain invested in the story and the characters.. . Despite these shortcomings, Babylon does ...
It is a fine anime about football set in a do-or-die scenario. The characters themselves are not as interesting as any other character type that you've watched. I will say though I do love Kunigami as my daddy and will not like him in the later seasons. Anyways, I liked the concept of the show which is about individual skills and talents to other sports animes which are about teamwork and friendship. I don't mind the whole egoist thing as much, I could see it being cringe, but what would be the alternative for it? Heart?. . Isagi the main character is pretty average just generally a ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to an anime that's about as exciting as watching paint dry. That's right, I'm talking about Acchi Kocchi: Place=Princess, an anime that tries to be cute and heartwarming but falls flat on its face.. . The premise of Acchi Kocchi is simple enough. Our protagonist, Tsumiki, has a crush on her friend Io, and the anime follows their everyday lives in a slice-of-life format. But while the characters are certainly cute, they lack any real depth or personality, making it difficult to care about their relationships or the events that unfold around them.. . The animation in ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Ladies and gentlemen, it's time to take a look at an anime that's as sweet as a slice of cake but just as forgettable. I'm talking about Acchi Kocchi, an anime that's as cute and harmless as a baby panda but doesn't quite deliver the excitement that we've come to expect from our anime review.. . The premise of Acchi Kocchi is fairly simple. It follows the daily lives of a group of high school students as they navigate their way through friendship, romance, and school life. The main characters, Tsumiki and Io, have a bit of a crush on each other, ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Hello, ladies and gentlemen. Today, we're taking a look at the Digimon Adventure Movie, a classic anime film that's sure to bring back memories for those of us who grew up in the 90s. But does it hold up to modern standards? Well, let's find out.. . The movie tells the story of a group of kids who are transported to a digital world where they meet and befriend a group of creatures known as Digimon. Together, they must fight to save both worlds from a powerful villain.. . Now, while the concept of Digimon is certainly intriguing, the movie itself is a bit ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Today, we're going to talk about an anime that's been around for decades, yet still manages to capture the imaginations of both young and old. That's right, I'm talking about Digimon Adventure 02: Diablomon no Gyakushuu, the latest installment in the long-running Digimon franchise.. . In this movie, we follow the adventures of our young heroes as they battle against a powerful foe, the Diablomon, who has returned to wreak havoc on both the digital and real worlds. With the fate of both worlds hanging in the balance, it's up to our intrepid heroes and their trusty Digimon partners to save the ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . Well, well, well, what do we have here? It's another anime from the Digimon franchise, and this time it's called Digimon Adventure 02. Now, I know what you're thinking, 'Another anime about kids with digital monsters? Haven't we seen this before?' But fear not, my dear viewers, for Digimon Adventure 02 has a few tricks up its sleeve.. . Set three years after the events of the original Digimon Adventure, this anime follows a new group of children who team up with the original DigiDestined to save the digital and real worlds from destruction. Along the way, they encounter new Digimon partners, ...
Isekai/fantasy MCs: I'll be reincarnated from being dead in real life...to be OP, get myself a harem, and the world is my oyster!. Mitsuha Yamano: I'll be reincarnated from being dead in real life...to travel between both worlds and be rich in the fantasy world by selling items from the modern day, all in an effort to earn 80k Gold for My Retirement!. . Do you remember a little show called "Watashi, Nouryoku wa Heikinchi de tte Itta yo ne! a.k.a Didn't I Say to Make My Abilities Average in the Next Life?!"? It was a show about the 18-year-old girl Misato Kurihara, who reincarnated into another world ...
Blue Lock is a sports series where some of your normal sports anime tropes aren’t present, especially the “power of friendship”, which is good in a way, yet it made it so edgy to the point where sometimes, it’s quite laughable. If you’re someone who likes sports anime for its realism, you won’t get that here at all. It’s definitely quite epic at times, and there are a couple unpredictable moments mixed in there, but I feel like the appeal of sports anime in general is to have a good mix of humour and drama, while being very character driven and relatable to the viewer ...
Considering 80% of this show takes place on a couch I was surprised to see the MAL rating almost at 8. Feel like this show needed either those two friends to be a bigger presence or another typical slice of life show feature to have punched this up. It seems like it relies way to heavily on the chemistry of the two characters which I’m unsure how well it’s translated between scenes and episodes.. . When compared to kubo, Komi, horiyama, ect other slice of life teen romance shows this feels like it’s lacking something to look forward to every episode seeing as most of the ...
Tenshi-Sama is one of the best examples of a slow burn romance you’ll find in this medium. Extremely cute, wholesome and a rewarding watch. If you are at all a fan of slice of life or romance, this is essential viewing. Unlike the angel in its name though, it is not without flaws.. . Bit of a disclaimer, I have a lot of problems with Tenshi-Sama adaptation wise which I’ll get into later. On its own, as a pure anime product it is very good. Every episode will have you squealing like a high school girl and wishing you were blessed enough to find a Mahiru. In ...
Watching The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten kinda reminds me of the 'girl next door' type of media, where a girl next door transcends beauty. Or at least, they are far more appealing to the eye than anyone else in the same show. Then, the character we're specifically talking about here would be Mahiru Shiina, who represents the "angel" of this series. To put it simply, this isn't about a girl next door. This is about an angel next door, and our main protagonist Amane Fujiyama is about to have the experience of a lifetime.. . Based on the light novel, The Angel Next Door Spoils ...
This show in a nutshell: I got "Banished from the (not Hero) Demon Lord's Army" at the age of 30, did the exact same things that said show does with getting hooked with a woman, only that I've gone much further and succeeded in making a family with my partner! That's my retired 2nd life, with the only regret being in my 30s.. . I can't believe my eyes to tell you that authors will keep trying to hem the exact same premises that does too similar to other works, with the only difference being that of how fast the progression will take that affects the enjoyability ...
I don´t recommend this story to anyone outside of Vampire knight fans. If you haven´t seen VK you probably wouldn´t enjoy this OVA.. It´s basically a crack. The characters are parody of themselves. It reminds me of Kuroshitsuji picture drama. The story is extremely simple but it knows what it´s doing with it´s time.. . Story: Hanabusa, Takuma, Rima and Ruka are fighting over who will be the next president as they obsess over Kaname-sama.. . The whole short is only 3 minutes long with works to its advantage, overall it would get more and more boring as the time goes by. It´s just a filler ...
If you told me nearly seven years ago when My Hero Academia first aired that it would end up dropping into a secondary popularity tier among anime fans, below something like Attack on Titan or even Bleach, I would’ve told you to leave me the hell alone because I didn’t like anime and didn’t care at all about My Hero Academia.. . But, if you told me the same thing four years ago when I first watched mha, I would’ve called you an overly cynical edgelord; an embittered asshole desperately tearing down earnestly crafted pop media pieces as some pretentious measure to justify their supercilious ass taste. ...
I don’t know how to feel about this anime one band I really enjoy the whole “struggle love” concept where it’s not all sunshine and rainbows and they explore real life relationship issues like insecurities boundaries and distrust but at the same time the methods in stuck this is portrayed sometimes are excessive; Mei is presented initially as a strong female lead but can’t handle a bit of dialogue with Damn near any character as well as an inability to express simple emotive language without sounding robotic. Yamato has such potential being the “star boy” of the show but also acts very robotically and through ...
I think this anime was great in his own way the story didn't have that much action and they didn't make it unrealistic it was different so I will compliment that. Though it may seem some viewers will find it boring but for me it's unique and fantastic. the characters were pretty less and simple to get on to. I enjoyed first 3 4 eps then later on felt kind of boring. but overall its decent anime. I don't know if others will fell the same way but for me its a 6 out of 10 lets say. I really liked that one character with ...
Black Cat has really good music, character designs, and has a good artistic style. Unfortunately there is more style than substance. The poor pacing, inconsistent animation, and uninteresting plot make the series painfully average. The music really elevates what it accompanies and makes scenes feel much more impactful. The characters are all unique and it is a shame that their backgrounds and motivations are not explored further. The animation is extremely inconsistent, there are some scenes where it was obvious where the budget went, and others that are lacking. The pacing is also a huge detriment especially later in the ...
When they first announced a Trails anime, I was fully expecting the show to be "So Bad It's Good", especially considering the trajectory the series has been going. With Kuro 2 being another shitty followup to an otherwise decent Kuro, and Cold Steel being completely batshit by the time Hajimari ended. What I got however was even more disappointing: A mediocre depiction of the Northern War event.. . This anime is not for newcomers at all. You'd need to have read the documents in Cold Steel 3 that describes the war in order to even understand what's going on, who the factions are, and why there is ...
Welcome to the new gen version of an anime that dates back to 1995. Does it compete with or succeed in making roots within the anime fandom to be a classic over time? No, not really but it isn't a total loss either. With the way season 1 ended, it left a better than expected opening for season 2 (where I hope it will have more time committed to have better writing).. . This anime is incredibly fast paced and gets muddy on the inbetween storylines. I can see how that can work for some people but it is really overwhelming. I feel this would have ...
Part 1 English. Part 2 Bahasa Indonesia. . --------------------------------------. . First of all, let me say that this anime is like a rollercoaster ride. It starts off slow, but once it gets going, it's a wild and crazy ride that will leave you breathless. The story follows Seiya Kanie, a high school student who is forced to become the manager of a failing amusement park called Amagi Brilliant Park. He soon discovers that the park is inhabited by magical creatures called "Elementals," who are the source of the park's attractions.. . Now, I know what you're thinking. Magical creatures in an amusement park? What is this, Disneyland? But trust me, this is ...
Warning for those who are going to watch it, to have a better idea of the anime, I recommend having played at MINIMUM Legend of Heroes Cold Steel 1 & 2!. -. I rarely do reviews for anime, because I've watched so much stuff and starting to do it for new animes that are coming out makes me lazy, but Legend of Heroes is an exception XD, finally the review!. Even in the discussion threads and in other reviews, the story is rushed, which I already expected being an adaptation of a Region that we didn't even set foot in the game (And also contain only 12 episodes), ...
It's beautiful visually, but it's literally just beauty and the beast. There's no real emotion, suspense, character depth or reason for interest. Despite the many attempts at embedding tearjerker moments that should pull on the heart strings, it just kind of falls short. I honestly probably wouldn't have finished watching this if it wasn't for my enjoyment of the visual aspect, and if you don't enjoy the visuals or don't find that a good reason to watch - I can't say I'd recommend it for literally any other reason. At all. What-so-ever. Not a single redeeming quality in this movie outside of graphics, I can't ...
"Isekai Nonbiri Nouka" is a cozy show that captures the essence of its light novel source. The story follows protagonist Machio Hiraku who, after being reincarnated, wishes for a solitary farming life and is granted a multi-tool for farming that can magically change shape. The core comfiness of the story is still present, despite the difference in the direction from the original source.. Visually, the anime tends to be generic, with various otherworldly fantasy settings and races like elves and dwarves. However, the animation is done satisfactorily, at a quality level that Zero-G studio has kept for the past few years.. As a harem show, the numerous ...
If you love soap operas because of infuriatingly insufferable characters you wanna reach your hands into the screen to strangle them with, this anime might be just for you!. . The colouring and drawings are really pretty, the romance between the main characters is very cute, but amidst all that is the deep lore between the relation of humans and fairies.. On this journey, you follow the naïve sweet summer child Anne who strives to become a Silver Sugar Master along with her two fairy sidekicks and along the way, many troublesome obstacles pop up which WILL make you want to scream at characters that appear.. . I've been THIS ...
y’all … what does gege mean. . I’ve seen tons of this show through internet osmosis and always wondered about these dudes with long hair and now have finally had time to check it out. Since there seems to be every sort of media to exist about this story, I decided to try the donghua first, since animation is a medium I'm very familiar with. I will say that this is a donghua-only review, so it will be mostly about how it’s production affected the story for me.. . I’m not sure what I expected, but I’d say I was pleasantly surprised. Right off the bat, I can ...
This should have been a two cour show. Nothing about the premise is bad at all, but most of the issues plaguing it are needing to squeeze so much into twelve episodes as almost everything feels rushed; character relationships and motivations are often poorly established and big moments are done right after they get started. The show plays with themes like public expectations or perceptions of a cult of personality, as well as the fear of conquest and its effect on the populace (no curses here!), but these ultimately don't go far. However, I never really felt like I was wasting my time watching this ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (8). The story is about a college student man and woman who got involved in whether the earth will be destroyed or not because there is a huge hammer golem near earth. Then they will meet a lot of new friends that have different animals and superpowers. The woman becomes a princess but She has a dream to destroy the earth by Herself because of some reason. On the journey, they must fight a golem to protect the earth and become strong. There are some plot twists that make this anime different than the other.. . Art (5). The art ...
I started watching the anime first and liked it enough that I sought out the light novel right away, and I have to say that although I am sure it is possible to do well, this particular light novel didn't feel like it translated super well into anime format. The majority of the light novel focuses on conversations between characters or an inner monologue, and especially give the fact that the facial animation feels super flat and static most of the time you lose a lot of the nuance. That isn't to say that this is a bad anime, I know I still like it ...
That's it, our generation's journey in Anipoké has finally come to an end.. 'Mezase Pokémon Master' is the special farewell miniseries in which they deliver the format that many fans have been salivating to see since the beginning of the final season: Ash traveling with Misty and Brock while doing rotations with old Pokémon and finding the meaning of being a 'Pokémon Master'. Here we see how Ash has matured bonding with different Pokemon while some familiar faces are seen along the way.. . What seems to be a wish-fulfillment special series that ties Ash's story together in one final arc... is actually a handful of fillery plots ...
I really liked this show, however I'm not sure how much one would enjoy this if they were not familiar with the games. This show takes place between the games trails of cold steel 2 and 3, in another country. The cool thing about the trails world is that it's very much living and breathing. We follow a soldier girl on a secret mission to find out who an opposing empire's secret hero weapon is (The protagonist of the cold steel games.) For me it's great because I get to see another perspective of the world, and its politics, and not like the dumb American ...
The first season of Bofuri succeeded because it had a lot of the most important elements in an anime: Likable characters, strong pacing, beautiful fight choreography, and excellent moments of art direction when it really was important (particularly in the second half of season 1). But so far, the second season massively falls short in terms of its ability to build upon the framework that the first season created. The thing that took me out of it more than anything was the MASSIVE drop in quality in terms of the pacing. Seriously, in season one whenever a new level was reached or a new boss ...
TL;DR:. If you enjoyed S1, you’ll love this one. It’s more of the same, but now there are some more feelings to it.. . Story - 6/10. The same thing as before. But now, instead of watching Nagatoro’s arrival in Paisen’s life, you get to see she being a part of his routine and how they get along now. It’s interesting that they start to show more emotions to one another, but it’s still that classic sloooow develop towards an ACTUAL relationship.. . Animation - 6/10. The overall quality is equal to S1. The dynamics and expression effects are still effective.. . Soundtrack - 7/10. This part gets an extra point with me because ...
Beast of Ars felt like a JRPG consisting of colorful and visually attractive main characters, with a fairly interesting setting and lore, but with the gameplay being an afterthought, and having dungeons and bosses that are nerfed to "Baby Mode".. . It's been tagged as Action, Adventure, Fantasy Anime. But it barely got any "ACTION" as it only had a few battle scenes which only lasted a few minutes, if not seconds when it does happen. It is also lacking in the "ADVENTURE" aspect since they barely struggled to get to their 'Main Story Quests' destinations. And the closest to "FANTASY" it got was making me fantasize ...
Alright, I'll get straight to the point.. . This anime has a storyline that can be considered not too bad. Although some of the early episodes may make you feel strange, but as the story progresses, I feel that it's quite interesting and still worth watching. Then, this anime also has cool opening and ending songs that are enjoyable to listen to.. . However, there is one thing that makes me unable to recommend this anime to be watched, which is the quality of its animation. It's not that I don't appreciate it, but I think that the animation quality for this anime is quite poor. It makes the ...
Since Fruits basket, the power of shoujo anime was made clear, but after the fact, we have been hit with another drought of cheaply animated and designed shojo which tries to get away with poor production with a few Kyun’s and kyaa's. Unfortunately, Liselotte suffers from the same dilemma which is quite unfortunate since the plot does get really good as we get further into the story, it is a good romance with realistic characters which is quite surprising considering the plot is about a “tsun de rais” the main game couple and the real-life couple are quite endearing and a perfect match, the plot ...
I tend to not like the ‘isekai’ genre, but I do like farming-type games, fantasy JRPGs and especially the combo of the two (i.e. RUNE FACTORY). As such I dove into this show as well as this season’s other contender, ‘I'VE SOMEHOW GOTTEN STRONGER WHEN I IMPROVED MY FARM-RELATED SKILLS’. The later is…well…not very good, but FARMING LIFE IN ANOTHER WORLD, kinda checked the boxes for things I like (e.a. growth of the village, interesting characters, solid world-building, and decent focus on farming). It does suffer from standard ‘isekai’ tropes, as well as harem aspects, but, once the show starts rolling, these ...
Made in Abyss Season 2 is a continuation of the story from the first season and third movie. The pacing slows down quite a bit in season 2, so be aware of that. The largest detracting point for this anime is the nearly constant and completely unnecessary sexualization of the very young main cast. It is so predictable that I could predict that any new main characters would likewise look like children and likewise be overly sexualized, which rang true in this season. It is a real shame because the world of Made in Abyss is very compelling and the willingness to show how violentand ...
These are 3 eps with completely independent content, so I will comment on each ep, of course, the art is of the same high quality as season 1, so I will not judge the art or the music.. Ep 1: The content is a new and interesting story, I think this ep is better than most of the eps in season 1. It arouses curiosity and has a strong connection with the story of titan. The survey corps characters also shine. Get A+. Ep 2: The content is half-hearted, the humor is not good and the drama is not there. Maybe it's just a relaxing ep, weirdness, ...
Sigh, would someone help me remember why Shoujo shows that were once the rage in the past, now fall into obscurity?. . In the never-ending world of fantasy, there are distinct personalities and features that help make it stand out. But it's often a taboo to have inequality in the world, such as masters and slaves, tradition vs. modern, and gender equality. Such is the case with novelist Miri Mikawa's completed 17-volume LN that is Sugar Apple Fairy Tale from 2010 to 2015, it sure took over a decade to finally have an anime adaptation, courtesy of J.C.Staff. But with every Shoujo-esque work that's clearly targeted ...
This show was a colourful and vibrant fantasy that had some good ideas, but also showed us another shoujo series where the romance just isn’t all that interesting. Sure, I could go for the low-hanging fruit and criticize the slavery themes, or the age gap in the romance, but I’m not going to focus on that. Instead, I want to highlight how modern shoujo anime follow a very similar formula that just isn’t all that engaging.. . Granted, I’m not very familiar with shoujo anime, so if you disagree with what I say, feel free to enlighten me on the subject, but from the ones I have ...
Oh god, here we go again with another Isekai/fantasy show, only this time, try to guess what it is imitating from the real world: that's right, Stardew Valley, or more appropriately, Rune Factory.. . Well, I mean, for a title like lone novelist Kinosuke Naito's Isekai Nonbiri Nouka a.k.a Farming Life in Another World, the idea of getting a headstart if you're a rather new author trying to nitpick about what has NOT come out of the overly saturated Isekai/fantasy genres in the past decade. Unfortunately, this being a Syosetu title that has been launched since the very tail end of 2016 and earning as much as ...
This anime made me question whether I have prosopagnosia (face blindness) Lol. As someone with no background knowledge whatsoever this anime was very very very confusing….11 eps also took me more than an year to finish mainly because I didn’t catch up after a few eps while it was airing and then I forgot the storyline and my second rewatch took me couple of months and now I’m just confusion. I love historical genre hence I didn’t drop it but if you aren’t into the genre then just skip it. If I speak about the art, then some characters look really alike and there are ...
It got my attention as the plot is one of my fav but the storyline got as fast as it could have possibly be they didn't cover the back story properly what are his powers actually and many more aspects of the story can't understand why the anime's this season was in such a hurry to end the story as fast as possible they don't recognise that they are losing potential anime's by doing this. The character design was kinda mixed some were good but some were left as it is music wasn't something we call attractive, animation was okay okay not too bad. Gonna keep ...
I gotta say, Studio Bind is really pushing it's limits with this one.. . Animation:. Right from the get-go, the animation has wow-ed me with the fluidity movements and face expression. It's stays like that till the end.. The style also frequently changes which kind-of worked. from detailed face + hair animation to Mob Psycho-like animation, is worth a praise.. . Story:. Not very story wise, your typical slice of life 'shoujo' anime, but quite enjoyable with the pace not moving to slow.. . Characters:. Mahiro, the main character is the only reason I watch this anime. His character design had already improved from the manga, her voice acting is very spot on with the ...
“Incredibly well-animated comedy slice of life that shows wholesome character development, censorship & sus fan-service”. . Minimum Spoilers | Subjective Review & Rating Scale. . Welcome to a Review where I try to quickly and concisely answer various questions regarding anime I watch in an attempt to deliver interesting talking points while also being informative and not waste too much time.. . =========================. . [**Background**]. . 1. **What is the reputation of the anime among others? Anything you should address?** This show has some controversy from many anime fans who are uncomfortable with the fanservice. It is fine with not liking the show and being uncomfortable then signaling to others. However, dragging others down for ...
Mecha anime is often known by the majority of anime fans as a visually impressive yet formulaic genre, having little to no variety of settings and plot points among its many related series. Brigadoon, a series made by the quintessential mecha studio Sunrise, breaks nearly every single established rule of the genre.. . With a premise similar to shoujo anime (young girl meets a mysterious companion with special powers) and a female protagonist, Brigadoon might seem similar to magical girl anime during the first episodes. This is soon proven wrong, due the unusual post war setting and its high stakes, the protagonist Marin needing robot Melan´s power ...
This was a weird anime. I'm conflicted because I don't know if I would recommend this show to someone. Although I think it was definitely interesting with a lot of twists and surprises. I don't really know what I'm supposed to take from it by the end. I don't know if there was some type of moral I was supposed to take from it but I did have a good time. I have it an 8/10 because I think it was suspenseful and made me say "what the?" Out loud multiple times. I think it was well written... Kinda. I watched this on a dare ...
The Eminence in Shadow is surprisingly enjoyable for isekai power fantasy trash with an mc that does stupid stuff. Normally edgy or cringe main characters are an immediate turn off for me but somehow it just works.. . The story isn't very impressive. It's mainly follows a magic harem high school plot where the mc is also part of a secret organisation. The fun part about the story is the way it is created. This is because the main character is quite literally roleplaying his way through life and the anime adapts to his random stories. The main character makes up a random lie about a ...
The anime is actually good, and if you are into Shōjo, Slice Of Life, and slight comedy genres, then you will probably like this anime.. . P.S.: I was excited and curious about this anime when it dropped in 2017, and I was swaying here and there asking myself if I should watch it. And to be honest I believe I should've watched it back in 2017 when it dropped because with all these years of watching anime, I think that my taste in anime has changed a lot, and Shōjo is no longer a genre that I feel attracted to. So I dropped the anime now ...
The amount of internal brain hemorrhaging while watching this show is truly a testament to how annoying and critical the story is in making a decent show.. . Best way to describe this show is like this, "Rent A Girlfriend Anime, With a Decent MC, with 2 characters that can be considered love interests.". The problem is not that the story is horrible, it's just the fact that the "Marriages" are very cliche, like Romeo and Juliet, but the MC can't decide whether he wants one or the other, like he wants his cake and to eat it too. But at the same time the love interests ...
Actually it's a good movie, but it was below my expectation. The premise of the story is good, but how the story executed was not that good. Our tempest main character didn't receive much of screen time, especially for their fighting scene. They were only shown to finish their enemy in a slash, it's too short. But I think that is because the enemies were too weak af.. . Our beloved rimuru did a lot flexing moment in this movie. I like that. But rimuru didn't use its power that much, yeah because the enemy was too weak.. . Diablo vs Violet fight scene was boring. It was ...
Gonna be honest I hate ataru, and all the protagonist like him. He really brought down this show for me, and from the sounds of it he is the reason all the others exist by setting the prescient. He is the always horny, flirting with every girl in sight, peeping on them, but the moment they give consent he suddenly loses all interest. It got real old fast honestly he brought down my enjoyment alot. It almost seems like he doesn't want to do sexy things unless the other person doesn't want it cause lum is head over heals, and he avoids her the whole ...
I did not expect to actually finish this Anime, but I did. The story is pretty "average" which is kind of sad because I actually liked the protagonist. He is not like the average MC, he is a gentlemen. He isnt simping over every single female person that he meets or is too scared to even talk to a female character. He is the opposite.. . . Plot:. The protagonist attends a Magic academy because he wants to learn more about Humans, make friends etc. Something cruel happened in his past and because of that his only "friends" are a group of soldiers.. It is a pretty basic ...
My first impression.. The story and the position of the guest characters are new and challenging. However, I thought it was a waste because there was little explanation of the character's background.. . Good points:. - Adventure stage. Doraemon movies often have adventures in places far removed from the world Doraemon and his friends live in. For example, space away from the earth, ancient times, in the mirror.. This movie is also a story in a paradise floating in the sky. However, in this movie, it is closely related to the sphere of daily life. Looking at the pamphlet, the scriptwriter said, "At first, I thought that the town where Nobita ...
Paraphrasing from the ""Hey, hey, people" man: I give this anime a high score. I am completely biased and I don't care.. . I read the manga as it came out, but due to RL stuff I dropped it shortly before the series ended. I've thought of picking it back up several times since I heard it was completed, but hadn't gotten to it.. I was very happy this series got an anime, because I liked the premise, characters and the vibe of the whole thing.. . I really liked the manga and I really like the adaptation. The voices fit, the animation is good and it all comes ...
Story: 8/10. Art: 9/10. BGM: 9/10. Animation: 10/10. . . yeah even after 12 episodes i just can't. Hear me out boys and girls.. First of all, the concept of a grown-up adult turning into your average cutie loli-like body is not something you can see every day, it's a unique concept and have turned the tide of the story. Right? Sike! you are wrong, if you thought that this grown-up adult is going to maintain his masculinity, to keep his manhood in a possible way, you guys are wrong. He has turned into a she ENTIRELY, and you won't see any traces of ANY manhood like in his girl body. Well, even ...
Studio Bind has given birth to an anime like no other: a magical sex shift anime with cgdct stuff. If my parents were to walk in on me while I was watching this show, I would quickly switch to a porn tab, how would one explain a loli girl moaning? But let’s get to the real point, is it worth watching? If one is able to look past the initial shock factor of episode 1 then the show has a lot to offer. A fanservice episode doesn’t necessarily mean its the end of the world.. . The story starts off like any other simplistic gender-benders. An otaku ...
The second season of Yama no Susume is a very interesting study in the benefits of extra run-time per episode. Where Season 1 was extremely concise and drifted along to individual subjects, Season 2 still very much feels like the same show but with extended deviation into more introspection. In fact these episodes actually feel more like they are full-length, both to their advantage and detriment.. . Outdoorsmanship is a very broad hobby and the focus on mountain climbing and its place within the lives of the small crew continues to be rather interesting. The show touches upon most aspects, though at its core it is about ...
"Revenger" as the title goes it's about taking revenge but the group who execute this do not kill people mindlessly . They pick the ones who ruined people and let the souls who died due to them rest in peace . This had so much potential! we get introduced to some unique characters along but due to some very weak episodes this anime on whole didn't pack a punch . Great pilot episode and a brilliant finale but everything in the middle wasn't as strong . If your looking for fights well it has that and yes there is lot of bloodshed . This is ...
The only reason why I decided to give this anime a shot is because of the fact it was going to be animated by Studio Bind. Therefore, I thought... "Why not? Looks interesting to me. A gender-bender anime about a failure in life who became a loli by his or should we say 'HER' now to give HER a second chance in life." Now I know what you're thinking, if you look into this out of context, it's essentially a story about a fully grown man who's living alongside middle schoolers who don't have the slightest idea of this PERSON's past, yet it's treating it ...
The best way I can describe Revenger is that it's all style and no substance.. . Or rather, the substance was there but the execution of it was done in such a way that it's almost forgettable in comparison to the blood and gore. Which, if the only thing I remember about Revenger is the blood and not the plot, then that should say something about the writing. I wouldn't say this is a terrible anime. At the very least I did like some parts and it did keep my attention for 12 episodes. But you're not missing out if you don't watch it. It's just ...
The premise was interesting, and the world building was more or less consistent.. The plot is dragged somewhat, which was weird in the way that there was enough for 22 episode yet some arc got rushed, while others dragged.. A couple characters were really interesting, but most were just 2 dimensional/cliché.. . The one I would underline is Magane, she started as interesting, but became really boring in the second half. [Also even the anime is forgot about her existence, as she just stopped getting included in the episodes and nobody reacted at all, about searching for her whereabouts.]. . The ending was great (especially the emotional beats), even with the ...
This show is very hard for me to recommend in good conscious to anyone. I personally LOVE this show for multiple reasons; the sweet relation between the main casts as siblings and friends is really wholesome and looking past the fan-service bits, it's just a really wholesome anime all-in-all. The main premise of this show also resonates with me heavily, and I assume anyone with dysphoria would be able to resonate with the main character in some ways and maybe even live vicariously through them to some extent. Watching the main character try out cute clothing and have very visible and genuine excitement and newfound ...
"The magical revolution of the reincarnated princess and the genius lady" Now you can't help but be puzzled by this title if your only source is the anime alone. Reason I'll get into in a bit and also why I have mixed-feelings despite my score.. Now I'll focus on where this anime truly shines, the characters':. 1.Anis(Anisphia Wynn Palletia) a princess who's very existence, personality and actions are at odds with the socio-political system in play; being female heir to the throne but incapable of magic despite noble birth she renounces her claim, has a hobby in research and development of artificial magic seen as taboo in ...
“No Game, No Life” is an isekai comedy about two game addicted step siblings (yes… this is an ecchi anime, You know what that means) who got transported to a fantasy world as a “reward” for winning a game against the god of games.. . Welcome to Disboard - a fantasy world inhabited by 16 (no foreshadowing here) sentient races that mostly love each other the same way that North Korea loves democracy and freedom. Overseen by Tet - the God of games that is a bit petty but it seems he’s a good egg at the end of the day. By his decree every conflict must ...
By no means The Magical Revolution of the Reincarnated Princess and the Genius Young Lady is a terrible ,or even a bad anime. But it's such a shame once you think about what it could had been. The production is decent ,all voice actors/actresses give solid performances, and not to mention it has a very charming opening. All of this makes you think that it could be a great ,if not ,enjoyable adventure. But things started to fall apart as the show went on. The core of the story suddenly changed from "two girls created novel things with their intelligence and started a magical revolution ...
My first thoughts on this anime after reading some of the manga was that the studio messed up big time. Not that the manga is some miracle sent by god but it is a hell of a lot better than this generic adaption. They changed pretty much everything about the characters except for Evi who felt somewhat the same in both the manga and anime adaption. My biggest flaw with the adaption is how they changed the mc. In some ways he's the same but mostly he's just a generic overpowered mc now and in the manga he felt like he had more emotion and ...
At the beginning of the now finished season there were two post-apocalyptic survival themed anime with very interesting early episodes and disappointing final ones. One was Hikari no Ou which I already covered, and the other one is this title. Likewise, it caught some early attention because of Tsutomu Nihei, who is an author I don’t care about because he seems to make mostly very dry sci-fi, but decided to check this one out because it was something seemingly very different. It also lost some viewers because of the animation, some people just can’t take any CGI that isn’t perfect.. . Although visually better that the anime ...
Ecchi is one of my least favourite anime genres. I started watching this OVA expecting to leave infuriated and disappointed, but I was pleasantly surprised with what I saw.. . This is only two episodes long, and the short length works in its favour. It doesn't have time to linger on fanservice (though it is present), so it focuses more on the important parts of this series: the battles, the romance, and the characters. The battle was quite cool (it had transforming robots!), as were the rest of the sci-fi vehicles and lore, which made me a lot more sympathetic towards this OVA. The characters (with the ...
This is the kind of series thats hard to call bad or good, the plot is kinda both episodic and not, art is average and animation is below average and music just like most anime is decent.. . One thing i can say it does well is the characterisation, main and side characters while they did not woo me, are decent to above average to the point i can say there is no annnoying or bad character at the very least.. . A lot of parts on this anime are okay/good as standalone parts but they don't mix very well together with each other, the episodic parts don't move ...
This is your typical chibi style tie-in mini series to a parent anime, featuring in this case the 3 main characters from Link Click and their daily lives. Each episode is quite short and is comprised of the opening, the trouble at hand, the ending and an animal short with the characters as if they were pets. So if you find animals cute there's something to look forward to there.. . If that's not the case, I must say either way that the opening song can not only be quite catchy but as the episodes go on it improves in its animation and budget. Seriously I was ...
"Cider no You ni Kotoba ga Wakiagaru" follows the story of two young people, Yui "Cherry" Sakura and Yuki "Smile" Hoshino, who meet while working together at a welfare facility during the summer. Cherry is passionate about haiku poetry, but his writing goes unnoticed, while Smile is an up-and-coming influencer who hides her smile due to braces on her teeth.. . When the two meet, they embark on a mission to help a senile elderly man named Fujiyama find an old vinyl record he owns and wants to listen to before his memories fade completely. They only have the record's sleeve and the word "yamazakura" as ...
A 5 page essay on why Steins: Gate is ridiculously overrated. An anime with a plot that has more holes in it than a cheese grater that was used to shred the protagonists brain at birth.. . Across my substantial anime watching history of hundreds of shows and thousands of episodes, I have never met a protagonist as incompetent and straight up stupid, as Okabe. If you look up "failure" in a dictionary, his face would take up the entire page.. . But what can you expect from a show where the premise is that a bunch of dudes made a time machine out of their microwave and ...
A great ambition of an original high/epic fantasy world, ultimately marred at the shortcomings of its own plot.. . When it comes to original anime made out from celebrating anniversaries, these shows are not as worthy as one would expect, especially if you take a look at the past few years of hits and misses. And in this season, there is just one like it: Ooyukiumi no Kaina a.k.a Kaina of the Great Snow Sea, created by Tsutomu Nihei of Blame! and Knights of Sidonia fame to celebrate the 3DCG studio Polygon Pictures's 40th anniversary. And for better or for worse, it came out rather decent.. . Fans of ...
If you have seen **The World of Otome Games is Tough For Mobs**, this will feel almost exactly the same. Powerful MC coming to an academy, but rising in noble rank while dealing with a little bit of aristocratic politics here and there. a little bit of family drama. This is just another rehash of the same isekai story with a different setting (eg: being eigth son of a poor noble, no game stuff like in otome anime etc..).. . Basically OP MC gathering girls, rising ranks, being "nice" and stuff. Absolute mediocrity from start to finish.. . The academy parts starts in episode 3, so just watch ...
this anime pretty much product placement hell. and yeah yeah yeah, another isekai genre.. . there are too many product placement and assume backed by many company. i don't really mind if there some product placement in an anime scene, but isn't it too much? i think it's. especially, i kinda hate when char(s) describing feels/taste about product they were use.. . but at same time, i feel sad that thinking about behind scene about anime industry, many people who working in this industry is overworked and underpaid. harsh reality but not that surprised. . enough talking about product placement, let's talk about story, shall we?. my conclusion it's average, ...
I wasn't sure sure why this show was fetting such good reviews until I watched the last episode. It seems that a yuri ending will help a show through the rankings when it has (almost) nothing else going for it.. . On a more serious note I can't in all honesty say this was a bad show. The animation is on point, the story, in spite of being quite stereotypical, is still good enough to be worth watching. On the other hand I can't say it was a good show either. The dialogue are overly lenghty and repetitive, to the point that I alomost had to fast ...
To summarise how Tenten Kakumei was, it's how the anime managed to subvert my expectations towards its cast of characters and seems to have effort being put into them. It was a pleasant surprise to watch with my original expectations going negative with both of the themes stating 'Isekai' and 'Reincarnation', although such a thing doesn't seem to arise throughout the whole show (it just seems to be there with no apparent reason). There are some minor spoilers, though I put them out of context.. . First Pro: There is effort given into writing these characters.. - It doesn't quite reach the top-tier level of characters we so ...
Hard to review this one. I can see a large amount of potential in the series, and if it got a few more seasons, or was a 24 not 12 episode season 1 maybe it'd be fantastic. The characters are well written, their backgrounds, motivations and current psych profile are detailed. However it just feels a bit "blah" on the implementation at the moment. There's lots of allusions to world stuff that never goes anywhere, It feels like a "fallen current/future world turned to magic" but there's no details or reveal on that anywhere.. . Over-all it feels like a not-quite-there advertisement ...
Ever since the premiere of Lycoris Recoil there has been a very vocal amount of people that have loved and asked for more yuri anime, even though that show wasn’t yuri to beging but that it isn’t my point, and I’m not saying that more yuri isn’t something that haven’t been asked before, but specially nowadays is that you can notice it everywhere, and if you go and see future premiers of 2023 you will see multiple yuri coming out, and the first one of those announced some time ago was Tensei Oujo to Tensai Reijou no Mahou Kakumei. With a very proactive and energetic ...
Subgenre:. Non-fight fight anime/Detective thriller (lots and lots of mindgames).. Target Audience:. Edgy dudes, Detective/political thriller enthusiasts.. Content Warning:. Depressing shit, lots of Murder, and pretty serious Sexism. Overall, some characters in this show can be real pieces of shit, and its whole moral outlook is pretty bleak, so skip this one if you don't have the stomach for it.. . TLDR:. Go for it if you can handle the nihilistic outlook, absolutely worth it. The mindgames are super enjoyable, and actually intelligent for the most part. Extremely entertaining, well-directed, fast-paced show, with quite a few powerful feels moments, and a fantastic ending. 37 episodes fly so fast, it feels like a 12ep ...
Magical Girl Raising Project (2016) Mostly Spoiler Free Review:. . I checked this out after suggestions from friends in response to looking for a new death game anime to watch. I have not read the manga or novels.. . Ultimately I have mixed feelings. I went into this without high hopes as I usually am pretty eh about the magical girl genre, however this anime deconstructed the genre pretty fast (similar to Madoka in a way but less trippy).. . The good: The show managed to have some pretty unpredictable moments. The premise was pretty interesting, starting off as one kind of show before quickly transforming into something very dark ...
Nier anime is pretty plane. i think its best to check what boxes it does hit. Something to look forward to is the post credits skits at episode end. The scenes add a small taste nod to the routes in the game. Second its nice to see a few lines of dialog or new wording to familiar characters. "jackass" "pascal". The animation isn't horrible.. . The cons. . There isn't much action as far as Shonen standards go.. There isn't fanservice.. The pacing forces every episode to one shot plot points with no room to exploration.. You only get a few fleeting seconds to enjoy the games banger themes.. -I wish they'd ...
Well, let me put it this way: the anime may seem saccharine at first, but the story quickly becomes stale and uninteresting due to its repetitive dialogue and plot. As an avid anime viewer, I can't help but notice a few glaring issues.. Firstly, the lack of good dialogue and repetitive writing is a major problem. The characters seem to say the same lines over and over again, with hardly any variety or depth. Their interactions feel forced and unrealistic, to the point where it's difficult to take them seriously. It's as if the writers couldn't be bothered to come up with anything original or meaningful ...
This anime has some of the best characters progression and development I've ever seen.. . While this anime has it strong points in character writing, progression, and music, other aspect are still very mid in the same genre and the story doesn't have that much of substances, that's the main reason it lacking in scores.. . The premise itself is very interesting and is what really made the main cast character shines and make their development of themselves and between them and others really full-filling and enjoyable to watch.. . Category review:. Animation and actions : 5/10. Story and Telling : 6/10. Sound design and OST : 8/10. ...
I’m so pissed off. Not just because I felt like I wasted my time with this show, but also because this had all the right ingredients to be a great experience. Mahou Shoujo Site might seem like yet another Madoka clone, but this one combines elements of shows like Mirai Nikki to try and have a more unique spin on the genre. Although it started off extremely compelling and interesting, the show eventually got boring and frustrating to watch, although the ending was not as bad as it could have been.. . Not everything was bad, though, even near the end of the show. The visuals, while ...
Yet again, another fantasy show that tries to take a different approach to the genre. As someone familiar with the genre, I can see the effort put in by the author to make it unique while still following the standard plot progression.. It's unclear if "Ningen Fushin no Boukensha-tachi ga Sekai wo Sukuu you desu" follows the hero's journey narrative pattern as it's still in its early stages. The first season focuses on world-building and character development. However, it is notable that not every story needs to fit the classic hero's journey pattern to be enjoyable.. Unfortunately, the show leans too much on drama, which detracts from ...
Going in, I knew very little about Perfect Blue. A YouTube video came up in my recommended, praising the movie and so when I went to watch it myself all I knew was that it was some psychological thriller of some kind.. . To start off, the visuals of this movie have definitely aged. I wouldn't say it looks bad necessarily, some of the character designs particularly the protagonist look nice and I like the colour palette but the animation could be a lot better. The characters themselves are also pretty surface level apart from the protagonist who is quite likeable and interesting.. . When it comes ...
Ningen Fushin in key words (Betrayal, Guilt and Trust issues). . . For me overall Ningen Fushin is okay-ish. Nothing special, just a bunch of people who got betrayed and formed a party.. . The animation is pretty bad especially the walking animations, the characters are floating on air through out the series. All the sounds that they used were suitable and adjusted to the animation. The outro was the best aspect of the show in my opinion.. . The main and supporter characters are somewhat memorable. They have unique personalities that make them memorable. The show would probably be better if the characters could've been given more time for their ...
Well this was an amazing anime! Apart from all those lewed stuff the anime, the story was marvelous! Though I really wanted to know more about AIto well now we know what was Vermeil's past..... . Well I had a theory that AIto might have a past of his own meaning his parents reason at the beginning Vermeil told that his mana is dense but she amplified at first she acted as a catalyst and finally he managed ...
In the beginning you will (obviously) feel like there is no character development and at the end you will feel like you did in the beginning... . Even though this show is kinda heartwarming it brings absolutely nothing new even when you mix the supernatural.. How did the writter managed that feat? Well first of all, like I said in the beginning, there is no character development.. Second the romance's pace is slower than me on Sundays.. Third it didn't really bring anything new to the table, there are a lot of other rom-coms that did what this anime tried to do, but way better.. Fourth the last episode was ...
I don't even know how to talk about Nichijou. I started it in 2016. Started it again in 2017. Then again in 2019. Now in 2023, I have watched it to completion. At its best, it's hilarious. It's cute. It's exceptionally well animated, which isn't even usually necessary for a comedy. Some of the best comedy anime can get away with pretty rudimentary animation, but KyoAni pulled out all the stops, and the visual creativity really sells a lot of the jokes better than if it was just industry standard bullshit.. . Some of the best visual moments of the show that will stay in my ...
Code Gundam... I mean, Kakumeiki Valvrave, is essentially a Gundam show with its very own Lelouch. Except Lelouch is a side character, while the MC is as dumb as a bag of bricks and has the mental state of a baked potato.. . I have to skip out on a full review, because once again we're graced by a wallflower male protagonist with a childhood crush he can't confess to, followed by an episode 5 insert of a super hot third wheel love triangle. Don't you just love it when the most potato of all potato MC's lands in the middle of a bunch of girls fighting ...
Ningen Fushin started out as one of the most promising shows of the season. One of the latest in the “banished from the hero’s party” style of betrayal and redemption fantasy shows. Unfortunately what started out as a promising fantasy show with a fun cast devolved into a directionless mediocre story with no sense of purpose.. . I want to be clear that while Ningen Fushin definitely fell off I still liked the show for the most part. I’m just disappointed that it wasn’t as good as it could have been. The first few episodes give us a ragtag group of adventurers who have been cast out ...
Not too long ago, I came to the conclusion that most romantic comedies these days falls under several formulas: the girl falls for a guy or vice versa through certain circumstances, character growth follows for the two main leads, and eventually a narrative story that dives into their relationship. In truth, The Ice Guy and His Cool Female Colleague doesn't avidly avoid these type of writing although it adds additional elements to attract the viewers' attention.. . Based on the josei manga of the same name, it's delightful to realize that the cast consists of adult characters. It avoids the high school setting that adheres to ...
This show poses one really good food of thought: Wouldn't it be cool if people from ancestral spirits commune with one another just like the typical ordinary daily life, from work to home and hanging out together? It is that imaginative.. . If you thought that you're having a close resemblance of WotaKoi while watching this show, you're exactly right, though in some good and bad ways. This is mangaka Miyuki Tonogaya's Koori Zokusei Danshi to Cool na Douryou Joshi a.k.a The Ice Guy and His Cool Female Colleague, which is just Wotaku ni Koi wa Muzukashii a.k.a Wotakoi: Love is Hard for Otaku, but fantastical like ...
A lot of people didn’t like this animation style but I personally did like it, It was creepy and human-like but also not that added to the stories confusion as the main character went on a journey of trying to find himself. The attention to detail was also very good, I love the camera close up to the features of the characters. Besides from that the story was alright, I originally had it marked as a 9 on my list.. but I really needed to humble it. (It’s a 7/10 now) the story was confusing, and not in a good way towards the end. There ...
This anime has a lot of potential. I love the characters and I especially love the world building. I just didn't like the writing/storyboarding of the anime. Some parts I felt needed to be expanded on and others were too dragged out. Honestly with the material that this show gave us many episodes could've been longer. But this is nothing new I notice that a lot of Chinese entertainment does this (from dramas to manhuas), if you can get pass it (I'm sure you will) it's pretty entertaining. So, I would have rated this higher but the execution wasn't that good for me.
While the visuals were good and the sound design was the well established world-class performance, I feel like the director wanted to make something like a Bleach movie and was given My Hero Academia instead, yet went through with most of the same fights anyway.. This is straight up a betrayal of the source material, except for the last two minutes or so. Characters bleed more than in Saint Seiya, get impaled and choked like no tomorrow, and can still walk away just fine. Villains have powers or appearances unlike anything we see in the manga. Hyped moments from the main series get their themes reused ...
This anime has too much hype around it, but basically it's like any other CGDCT anime only with memes and stuff, its humor is very similar to Hitori Bocci, from my point of view this anime could be more interesting if they added a little more plot and a little more evolution to the characters. I consider it something empty and sometimes that causes a bit of boredom, but I understand that its only purpose is to make people laugh so if you liked Hitori Bocci, chances are you'll like this one better, and if you didn't like the first one, i highly doubt this ...
Gurren Lagann: Yoko Box - Pieces of Sweet Stars is finished. In truth, this is not an actual special of the main anime, but really a music video for the eponymous character here. That said, I found it provides a very interesting look at the character, showcasing all of the potential lives she is able to live. It's interesting to find that in such a short span of four minutes, viewers can connect so deeply with all of the various realities that she may have been placed in and all of them feel natural. The video also has a great introduction and ending, surprisingly, with ...
I m here after watching several time travling story's FE- Predistination,DARK..... After watching these shows many people told me to watch stiens gate some of them even said it's the time travle at its "Best".. . Well IMO, its not.. . . Infact it's quite low on the ranking in the time travel genre.. . Let's talk about it. . ...
This is a very... diverse series, I'd say.. . I had an introduction with the "Ghost in the Shell" with the very first film. A masterpiece in philosophical future thought. Since the story was perfect as a 1-hour and 20-minute film; a series with 26 episodes was a tough ask from me. It didn't deliver as much, but maybe I can't really compare.. . These are two very different stories, tackling a different world, and another message. One is that of the mental questions of how can the world work with these sci-fi concepts, and this series worries itself more on how people deal with those concepts, with a ...
Freezing is a cautionary tale of an anime with solid production values and story, which is dragged down by its absolutely excessive fan service and awkward characters.. . I'm not going to bother with a full review since I had to drop the show short. I simply cannot bear to watch yet another anime that forces a stupid love triangle into the mix for absolutely no reason. And the fan service was getting obnoxious to boot.. . Having recently watched Cross Ange, seeing fan service isn't out of place for me, but the way Freezing does it, is just obnoxious. Literally every other camera angle is a panty shot, ...
I don't understand why so many people view this donghua as a ripoff of Saiki K. While there may be a few parallels both shows take a completely different approach to storytelling. While Saiki is one of my favorites, and a hilarious episodic anime that gradually develops its characters, Xian Wang de Richang Shenghuo focuses more on drama, emotions, and the fighting aspect of its xianxia genre. I am certainly not accustomed with cultivation and chinese mythology, but I still found this donghua to be enjoyable.. . STORY: The entire story feels relatively drawn out of context. Especially the introduction and relationship of the male op ...
Personally, it wasn't one of my favorites. The idea is very unique, and it was fun to watch a quick little short anime. Some parts I found rather weird, however that's more just personal preference and not a true problem with the anime itself. The art in the show was pretty good, considering how short it was. The art style was fitting for the story. One thing that got on my nerves a little bit about this show was that not a single person reacted how anyone else would in the real world. Perhaps that's a stylistic choice or some metaphor that I'm missing? I ...
I only mark this as mixed feelings because I recognize some will not appreciate it. But there is a specific audience that should enjoy this. Don't compare this anime to any other modern anime, because it's just comparing apples to oranges. This is a historical artifact and should be enjoyed as such. A lot of people will complain about the CGI art style, but given the hindsight of 20 years - it's awesome. I think it's perfect for this anime; lifeless, creepy CGI animation was this thing that was everywhere for a very short amount of time until everyone finally realized it was totally ugly ...
If anime could be rated as food, then this show would be the fastest, greasiest fast food in the industry.. . Featuring an MC who can only be described as Chad Chaddington, a manly man of manliness who decides to flex on everyone in order to have a good time.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 7/10. -----------------------------------------------. . Eh, pretty average. Standard anime fare. Nothing stands out, other than female face design being a little "off" to my tastes.. . ...
So Basically this show is Amalgamation of our 14 year old edgy Chunni fantasy and Sense of our heroic feelings. This show has all trashy trope from mc being Overpowered,Harem,Our beloved Truck-kun etc. But what this show also has a intrigue plot ,Good Comedy ,Hilarious Characters etc. If you are as a new to Watching anime this show is the perfect introduction to the comedy genre as most of the Comedy Genre tropes are blended in this anime.. ...
I think the show was mostly ok. I just didn't find the jokes that funny.. . The story follows a guy who is pretty bad at adventuring and healer elf girl who is just bad in general. They don't really develop much, most of the episodes are just a variety of situations meant to hang gags and jokes. YMMV on those jokes, but I found the humor rather repetitive by the end. The same stuff just kind of happens over and over again. The adventuring plots are varied and interesting ,but the humor tends to devolve into the same things. Most of it comes from the elf ...
This anime was good but it was underwhelming for the most part.. It's not that I didn't like it. I really enjoyed watching all the characters really grow and develop the relationships. Watching Yeaka really come out of her shell and how deeply Kirishima cared for was wonderful (Anytime the premise is "Tough guy who has no paternal instincts suddenly has a kid who he ends up loving more than life" I'm going to watch it). The animation was good, very clean and nice to watch. And the comedy was fun, I loved how goofy they made all these tough guys.. But when I finished ...
A lot of people say that the first 5 minutes of the show is not indicative of the full show and while that's mostly true in regards to directness of the content, the MC still fetishizes little sisters throughout the entire show, so you have to be prepared for that regardless of those first 5 minutes. For that reason, I have mixed feelings.. . As a story about the LN authors and the world they live in, the show is fun and interesting. But the little sister stuff doesn't work for me, as well as the relationship between MC and the girl that loves him. They have ...
This is a probably the most generic Isekai anime I've ever seen. Overpowered MC, Harem of girls that love him, generic fantasy world. All Check. If it did any of these things in a more interesting way, it'd be alright, but it really doesn't.. . The premise of the MC getting transported to a world with their childhood friend is an interesting start, but it doesn't change anything. She's just another girl in the harem.. . The biggest issue, is just that the show is kind of boring. There's a lot of characters and exposition, so nothing feels really dynamic or developed by the end. It just kind of ...
NO SPOILERS. A slice-of-life/comedy OVA was adapted from manga that got many award/nomination (Kono Manga ga Sugoi, The Next Manga Award, Manga Taishou).. Mainly focused on a Japanese Teacher who named “Hoshi” (means star).. There are 2 short stories in this OVA, the first is from the very first chapter of manga.. . The great thing in this anime is ‘voice’. They did their good job and fit the characters.. Visual: OK. Art is same as in manga but the visual effect is BETTER than in manga. To made it easier to understand and more interesting, they put some details that manga doesn’t have.. . Story: If you know some Japanese letter, shop ...
It's one those weird ones. If you recognize the style and you saw one, you know what to expect. I recommend it as a dare or when you are high. Otherwise it's a headache. I enjoyed some of the jokes and references and the ending is catchy but I had to watch it on 1.25 speed to survive how long they can drag the jokes. Many times they are just blabbering about something stupid and I'm just sitting here wondering why I even started to watch this anime. But somehow I always give these a try because the story sounds funny and it looks unhinged. ...
I personally don't got enough brain cells to follow the show.. . The plot was, simply, confusing.. A show with full random scenes and you are lost for what is happening because of the nonlinear story telling. However, it's interesting how it show that those different 'main' characters have their own point of view and their own story.. . The only things I can praise about Baccano are the art, music and Issac and Miria combo. These two are the only characters I can make sense of. They are, as seen in the OP, pure comedy.. . Conclusion:. High IQ is required! (Average or Higher)
Just like the 1st season, it's been the usual redundant chick-teases-cherry boy act, filled with blush-desu moments every episode.. The most fruitful improvement for this season has been the utilization of the side characters. Which unfortunately happened a little too late. Nagatoro's friends should've been involved in the bits way more often to lead the MCs into situations, since the beginning. And the new character should've shown up even just a bit earlier in this season.. Quite a shame since this actually had some story progress: Naoto finally trying to change bit by bit and slowly learning to speak his mind, Nagatoro's teases ricocheting more often, turning ...
I watched this ova as a part of otogi zoushi watch which is a direct sequel, thinking it's ok to start here and see if this could be any good. Kai Doh Maru is quite interesting to watch, feels like 2007 morning tv vibe and I like that, but I must point out the flaws of this anime being animation it could be done much better, your screen may look misty but it not its fault. Tho the biggest issue this anime has is I just didn't care from start to finish all I remember is like first 10 minutes and last 5 of ...
+ The show is always good at drumming up the sexual tension between the two leads, Naoto and Nagatoro.. + A romance anime where you want them to kiss is always a good sign!. + The comedy is solid! Some jokes really caught me by surprise, particularly those involving Nagatoro's friends.. + Season 2 introduces some new, colourful characters, and they all do something to push the plot forward.. + The ending theme is great! A catchy blend of energetic rock instrumentals and cutesy J-pop vocals.. ~ The story is cliché at its best, and predictable at its worst. Think of any stereotypical anime rom-com plot, and you are bound ...
Ok so unlike most (if not everyone) who watched this, I didn't see a single episode of death note when I was watching this, I just know the characters and the "write the name of the one you want to die in the notebook" trope, so I don't really have any idea or expectation when I was watching this, there's nothing I can compared it into.. . Like the other guy said, I see most people diss this just because of death note but that's not the case for me, I enjoyed it and in the first part of the series, I was seriously considering this as ...
Overlord II picks up straight where the first series left off. It continues moving in the direction of Momonga gathering information to increase his as well as his companions reputation in order to hopefully reach out to other real players from the original Yggdrasil game, if any exist that is.. . This installment takes a bit of a different angle in progressing though as Momonga does take a seat on the sidelines for the most part. Instead he uses his wit to try and gain following in effort to spread his influence and also gain more information at a quicker pace given what happened to Shalltear previously. ...
im gonna give (7.98) for the detailed ratings. Too bad,it kinda dissapointing me since i was expecting this gonna be good after watching the first season of the anime.. . Quite a disappointing story but I can't say why. From the review of the first season, I always say that the power system in this anime is one of the weaknesses of the story because of its unclear elements. Coupled with the process of the second season's story, it makes the quality of the story in this anime seem to have decreased. For characterization, the story presented between the main character and the main heroine is quite ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (7). The story is about 4 girl which have different abilities that normal people didn't have. But they manage to become live like a normal person even though sometimes they show their abilities accidentally. One has the ability to see someone's mind, Another one is an alien girl, Another one is a ninja, and the last is cross-dressing. They are lying to each other and there are several event comedy scenes in their school.. . Art (7). The art of this anime is quite good. But I prefer if they make the character's appearance more complex not simple like ...
This was a pretty good show that I thoroughly enjoyed, but it's far from any sort of masterpiece. The symbolism and theme's are very on the nose, but still thoughtful and interesting. I have an issue with the writing and cast of characters though; besides Rakka and Reki, they are all pretty forgettable and it baffles me why everyone is written like a sub 85 IQ airhead. The dialog is simple and not very engaging which fits with the tone, but doesn't make it any less of a slog to sit through. It's slow pacing could be considered part of the appeal, so I don't ...
(SPOILERS ARE MARKED) Neon Genesis Evangelion is honest, it tells things as it is. It must be said that director Hideaki Anno, at the time of creating EoE, put his life into Evangelion. Battling his raging depression and contemplating suicide, this was his outlet. You could say that it was created for himself, as much as others. Trying to understand this movie is an uphill climb. Some things are bound to be confusing/don't make sense. Ultimately, the movie is split into two parts, the first part being episode 25 of the original series, and the second episode 26. The first part is brilliant in and ...
This series is best thought of as a re-imagining, rather than a reboot, of the original series. The central characters and plot are there, but they have been reworked to tell a different version of the story. As a re-imagining, it's difficult to separate this series from the source material it takes cues from, both the manga and the original anime. That said, on its own, this series is fine. The visuals are pretty enough, with some rather well-done action sequences. The music compliments the visuals nicely, with fluttering orchestral music a nice contrast to the grim violence we see unfolding on screen. The series ...
Too much fanservice. The characters are beautiful!! I lovr the voice acting as well but Rebecca is used as a sex tool most of the time. Her character could be developed deeply but half of the episode's time is wasted on friendship talk and weird body distorcions. I usually ignore thay sort of stuff but this is just too much to handle!. Either way I really enjoyed the storylines. They're silly, sure, but that's the genre's concept. Besides, the characters are enjoyable and when they fall into a cliche they have more than that to themselves. Nice show.. I love how Homura was developed. I hope the ...
Hey so I been trying to get into season 4 and its been.Hard to sit trough for me I drop it alot of times and wel.I liked season 1-2 more i would say.Even the 3th one which was pretty forgetable for me this i couldnt even remember much when i look back at it just some mayor stuff.Im still half in this mess and I wana finish cuz i heard 5/6 gets better? so uh yeah.In general I dont like this season but if you need context you have to whatch it i gues so ... yeah.Overall Its an average season not bad or good ...
Its definitely not the best anime out there. Its not something you watch for an absolutely amazing plot and characters, which you closely analyze. Rather its one of those animes where you can turn off your brain and mindlessly consume (and forget about later on). Some of the songs were nice. The repeated intro is annoying. I wouldn't recommend this show if you are looking for something nuanced and developed.. . The plot is pretty straight forward. The main characters as singers arent that special, something that becomes obvious when other artists are introduced. But somehow, with the power of being anime mcs everyone thinks they ...
I really liked it when I whatched it but as time passed I forgot everything Its a fine show if you like slice of life cute girls doing cute stuff you will like it if you arent the type to actually like or whatch something like this you will dislike it.Its not a figthing anime its a comfy cute type of anime.Which is why: I reccomend it to people who like cutesy anime.And I dont to people who look for something like aot and dislike the genre.. . For me it was fine I cant remember it but i had a good time when I whatched it.
“A good anime, but really dropped the ball in the end”. . [A spolier-free review]. Overall, the anime is fun to watch, especially for Sega fans. The anime is an isekai parody, poking some fun at the genre, with a smear of fanservice. However, aside from the EP 13 delay (which does not influence my score), the last episode became a generic isekai anime, switching a preliminary score from a 7/10 into a 5/10 anime.. . Rewatchability? No. . Continuity? Wouldn't continue if it got another season.. . How to watch it in public? In a phone tucked away from prying eyes.. ...
I wanted to write this review, just to be safe in case someday Berserk fans come and judge me.. right now I really like Guts as a character. I just hate this anime because Guts doesn't have many moments/scenes, because I can't stand to see another (bad) adaptation. I'll try to start reading the manga.... . I don't have much experience in reading action manga and live to the fullest by romance standards. I'm not ready but I'm sure it will be worth it.. . I've said everything I wanted to say so enjoy.. :. . lone mercenary Guts drifts from battle to battle, striking down powerful enemies with his unwieldy ...
"Cringeworthy," they said, and he replied, "I am cringe itself. I make it surrender to my will, wear it proudly, and laugh at it.". . This show is endlessly fascinating to me, not because of the content at display or the quality of its satirical, mordacious commentary of light novel anime, but seeing all the dissenting reactions to its deceptively shallow, burning dumpster fire of an isekai it presents itself to be, only for it to distort your expectations with a dumpster fire made of gold instead.. . I wondered to myself, "How can a show be understood so well and be heralded as a subversive masterpiece yet simultaneously ...
Anime made for Netflix has the bad habit of being muted. It has a bad habit of playing it safe and toning down its eccentricities to make it more palatable to the western audience. Violet Evergarden being an example – vaguely European setting, vaguely normal story, pretty and pretty bad. Compared to: Dragon Maid – doesn’t take both anime to be put side by side in a spot-the-difference game on the back of a cereal box to spot the twenty-seventy-seven differences between Dragon Maid and Violet Evergarden. Little Witch Academia is another example. The television version was made by Trigger, and you can hardly tell. ...
As you might sigure out from synopsis, this anime is trying to be something like Squid Game in sort of its own way. I wouldn't really say it's bad anime but I wouldn't say it's good either. My review contains spoilers but not such would ruin your enjoyment or surprise.. . Story in this anime is very plain and simple, nothing hard to understand. There are even reasons, why this anime could be good with some care:. 1) Main characters are cool and look really smart, trying to push their limits. 2) If you like logical and psychological anime, you'll see this one as interesting too. 3) Animations and the ...
I wish that I could 100% recommend this. The music was soul-wrenching and I found myself crying multiple times in the theatre watching. The animation is also incredible and the art-style really suits the story and characters. Belle especially and the world of U which is full of very unique and interesting characters and environment. However, my critique comes with the characters and the plot. Unfortunately Ryuu to Sobakasu no Hime wants to be too many things at once and wants to bring ‘awareness’ to so many things that it trips over itself and falls flat. Most characters are forgettable and it could easily be ...
This show's plot in a summary: within the space of its abrupt 10-episode run that only covers the first 2 volumes in a total of 4, having to rewatch this in a binge IS a necessity to fully (albeit partially) understand the appeal of novels like these.. . I'm not going to sugarcoat this: I definitely have a love-hate relationship with both director Junji Nishimura and series composer-cum-scriptwriter Mamoru Oshii. With the former returning back to the anime scene after a recent string of bad series going as far back as 2018 with studio Seven Arcs, and the latter coming back for one of the most polarizing ...
I was around 9 when I first watched the first 10 episodes of Astro Boy on VHS. I had no idea at the moment that it was the 80’s remake of an older show, which in turn was actually a legend in the field as it revolutionized how anime look and feel decades before we had the internet to hype everything with little effort. And here I am some decades later myself, making a small essay on the damn thing. You may have heard from time to time about a series that begat a whole new genre, such as Tetsujin-28 being the first mecha series ...
Neon Genesis Evangelion is a work that was truly ahead of its time. It's shocking how quality a show made in the mid '90s can be. I believe that the viewer must do a level of work to get the full experience from NGE. You must be open-minded, inquisitive, and willing to deconstruct your own subjectivities and beliefs. If you are the type to jump to conclusions quickly about characters and write them off, this may not be the show for you. The way characters deviate between good to bad, and vice-versa is constant. Simply put, it's truly a roller-coaster of emotions. The story is ...
I don't usually write reviews, but I feel the need to get my opinion on this anime out there. I don't want to come off as the devils advocate just because I'm bashing on a critically acclaimed show, so please here me out. The story itself has a good premise but the execution lacks the sort of polish you'd expect for an anime with as many pedigrees as this. The characters feel like nothing more than plot devises with little personality. The only character\ reasonably "fleshed out" would be lelouch, despite him not having any shred of complex emotion. He's treated like some sort of ...
Chainsaw Man is a decent, albeit flawed anime. Some scenes look beautiful while others look dreadful. It certainly does feel like they had different directors for different episodes because there's so many stylistic differences in episodes in which the final fight looked absolutely dreadful compared to some of the earlier fights. It also never really helped that the anime just doesn't have any style to it, it mostly just looks like a grey CG mess in most fights and beautiful outside of the fights. The characters are enjoyable and the ending animations are very very stylistic compared to the actual show itself. Worth a watch ...
I feel like I should have liked this more than what I did, but it really fell flat. The storyline was okay and I think fairly predictable. The end of the last episode was absolutely awful, almost enough to make me want to scream. It was absolutely terrible.. . There was so much going on in the background that you don't learn till later, after things have happened - big things - that would have been helpful to know then rather than leaving a lot to speculation.. . Visuals were probably 6/10, effects 7/10. I did like the dub voice cast, most of which I recognized from other shows, ...
I'll be honest and straight for once, there is not much improvement here from the very controversial season 1.... but there is a genuine attempt at a good romance.. Nagatoro used to be a little too edgy during season 1, but the "Bullying" in the season was somewhat debatable. but without a doubt, season 2 has toned it down and had us explore more of the softer aspects of the relationship between nagatoro , senpai, "Furendessu" and a new character "Anetoro".. Following the proper trend of most season 2s of romance animes the season ends with a "Could be hint of a major development" feel-good episode and ...
Animation: As a long time fan of this series, I had high expectations but I feared Deen would reprise their freakshow of Nanatsu. I was dead wrong, but they didn't improve that much either. Deen is actually good with fighting scenes and effects, although they're too quick to get a taste. The first episode has an ok fight while the brawl with Salua was very good looking indeed. The only good looking frames are the close-ups. Background characters always look weird and badly drawn. Scenarios are mostly static and lifeless. So basically, animation-wise, this fist season is a 5/10. . Story: A good story on its own ...
To start, the anime is very minimal and by that I mean the whole show feels like a PowerPoint slideshow rather than an actual anime. That being said, I can't say that the anime is bad because even with the minimalistic animation the story, characters and comedy carry all the way. The English dub in particular is very well directed and left me chuckling a good number of times. However, I do recommend reading the manga instead because I don't think the anime did the source material justice despite following the story to the manga very closely. But if you don't want to read the ...
Very technically well-done little show that has some interesting themes and ideas, but ultimately has mixed results when it comes to actually executing them. As I said, the animation and music are both great, really bringing the game's ambience and tone to life in a satisfying way. The characters are also pretty fun, although the only ones that actually get anything interesting to do are Amiya and Misha.. . I was fascinated in particular by the execution of the Doctor. If you are unaware, the Doctor is the player character in the game, a faceless, voiceless figure with a hazy past that mostly just exists as ...
The show is good, I enjoyed the manga and without spoiling plots, I will add that you're better off reading this. Why? Because in adapting it to anime they removed essential pieces and even characters of the subplot to squeeze the story into two seasons. And that makes it seem rushed and incomplete. BUT I'll be honest you probably won't notice it too much if you haven't read the manga though the ending may feel lacking.. . The art style is good, not the overly cutesy type, I don't think the main characters had much of a character development, they were always true to themselves and at ...
Code Geass: Fukkatsu no Lelouch (2019). . Not 100% sure this was necessary but it was very good all the same. A very different dynamic with the characters than we have seen before. I do always enjoy the combat with this series just wish they spent a bit more on sound.. . The story is very side story setting but they have made it part of the main story. It would have made sense to have had a similar thing in between the other seasons. Now they have made a continuation it means only one thing with how it ended before: Money speaks. There is obviously a large ...
This is loved to death by so many, yet I found it to be so undyingly slow. It just went on and on and on. Maybe it's because of the expectations I had going in and that was a letdown in the end (well, by half-way through, honestly.) Their relationship is entirely unhealthy for both of them and I know that it isn't a total secret to either one of them, really, especially Mizore when she states that she just can't let the bluebird go away. There is merit to the story, but I don't find it to be all that engaging.. . That being said, there ...
Stray Dogs is a mixed bag in every possible level. The main idea behind it isn't bad, a bunch of poets and authors that form the backbone of modern Japanese literature re-imagined as Bishoujos and give "abilities" that reference their famous works or titles.. . Idea is solid and it introduces these classics to a wider audience... but then you have the execution.. . Bungou Stray Dogs is the debut novel of salaryman turn author Kafka Asagiri and boy does it show that this is his first novel.. . Plot = 2/10. . There isn't one. The first 8 episodes has the characters running around with a nearly Omnipotent power to sniff ...
In/Spectre as a concept could not be more fitting in what's been called the "post-truth" era we find ourselves in. At the crux of the drama behind In/Spectre is essentially a PR/political campaign. Iwanaga utilizes elements of social-psychology to spin narratives that find their grounds in the believable but often not real. It's as much a picture of how PR & political campaigns work as it is a grim look at the state of public discourse in a world full of actors wielding narratives. In the above regard, In/Spectre explores substance that has yet to be dealt with in the anime medium. But while the ...
Just giving a quick synopsis and my thoughts on each character cause the plot is non existent and i do not have the want or need to rewatch this. Kobayashi is cool, i really like her dynamic with tohru and i also have a weakness for alcoholic characters (that dont groom people). Tohru is sorta annoying at first from what i remember but she does get more bearable later on. Kanna is just cute, literally nothing else to say about her. Her friend is really annoying and i do not like her at all. Elma is extremely adorable and my favorite of the girls. I ...
What would have been a trashy ecchi anime in any other universe, turns out to be anime romance novel. What I thought would be trashy coomer bait seems to be more targeted towards girls.. . It became quickly apparent to me that it was written by a woman during my viewing. This is because the show follows a general pattern of "thing happens" -> "MC compliments the maid as a result of the thing". The male MC basically just exists to compliment and make the female lead feel desired, which is what tipped me off to it being written by a woman. It's unapologetic whish fulfillment and ...
If you like watching sports anime, I would still recommend this show. I can't put up with this mediocrity though.. . All Out is an extremely orthodox sports show about Rugby. Nothing is particularly bad and nothing stands out. As a result, you sure as hell have a sports show about rugby. That's about it. Each character is heavily archetyped, and while the show seems to be pretty slow-paced when it comes to character development, at the same time, it's not. The most important thing to a character is obviously the introduction to them. The show rushes the most important introductory arc for our main characters. Gion ...
Just a plain and forgettable anime that everyone forgot about. And rightfully so. . It still drags on for too long just like season 1 on specific 'arcs'. No real underlying story. Keeps trying to be more complicated and deeper than it really is. The 'solution' is always braindead simple and way too dragged out. The show has lost its charm this season as it distances itself away from 'magic' and into more human scenarios.. . Especially the last 'arc' this season. Literally tells you what happened at the beginning and kills all suspense. Then you got to sit through several episodes while all the characters do is talk, ...
Chisato is the reason behind "Lycoris Recoil" getting high score, the anime heavily focus on Chisato and that's a bit risky because if the watcher dislikes Chisato then it's game over.. . it feels like they made the anime with this condition "people need to develop sort of feelings toward our main character Chisato in order to continue watching" because the anime itself isn't worth watching as it lacks in the aspects of story and it's kind of disappointing series.. . so how the heck this anime scored +8? well...i must say that Chisato the heroine is kawaii sugoi kakkoii (Cute Awesome and Cool), she's a Waifu Material ...
Amanee was definitely an interesting one, but I don't think I'd watch it again. Unlike other hentai, this one falls a bit weak and there are some aspects that some may not find arousing, which you can obviously find in most hentai. Me personally though, there were just some things I could nitpick act, though I'm not one to kink shame. Amanee is a one-time watch for the shits and giggles. It's a very baseline hentai: A virgin gets his first time with his friends auntie, and they fuck. That is basically it. Did I enjoy it? Yes, but for different reasons. Would I watch ...
I've never been a fan of "cute girls doing cute things" animes. This is the first idol anime I watched so it's just okay but it's definitely not for me. I mostly watched it because my friends loved it anyways. What annoys me is this stupid moment when one of the girls is like "Oh no, the skirt on this costume is just too short", tf you're talking about, the skirt of your uniform is the same length.... . It's just not for me, I understand why people like this but to think some people are obsessed over it is just weird to me.
The girl who summons the stars is an okay movie in the irregular at magic high school franchise. It is not standalone and should be watched after the second season so you're familiar with the characters.. . Its story isn't the best and it's not immediately clear where the plot fits in relation to the rest of the anime. The things that are happening are explained but they seem extreme and chaotic. There isn't any significant character development in this movie either. The main reasons to watch the movie are fanservice and cool action scenes. The art is quite nice and the sound is okay.. . Overall ...
An insightful glimpse into the Japanese zeitgeist of old. Biting and poignant, the unnamed protagonist clearly symbolizes the conflict between the Ego and the Superego, actualizing the subconscious desire for societal rebellion. Though some may say the animation is lackluster, I would argue that it is a stylistic choice. Akin to James Joyce's clever wordsmithing, the frames here mash and collide in a bombastic display of eccentricity and phlogiston. But, as much as it pains me to admit, the pacing is a bit on the wandering side. The protagonist's arc is lethargic, albeit satisfying. But that is nowhere near as egregious as the changes that ...
The reminiscence arc of irregular at magic high school is a pretty big flashback in the form of a movie. It explains the history of Tatsuya and Miyuki and their relationship. This doesn't seem to be a necessary part of the story but it adds some nice background information. You can watch this after the first season or after the second season, it doesn't really matter that much. You shouldn't watch it before the first season though because it's a flashback, not a sequel, so it expects knowledge of the characters.. . Overall the story isn't too good. It's cool at times but some parts are ...
The visitor arc of Irregular at magic high school is quite alright. It's a sequel so you shouldn't watch it without watching the original anime but if you enjoyed the original you'll like this one as well.. . The story is relatively interesting and there is more of a singular storyline than last season. The characters are the same as in the previous season with a few new additions and the artsyle is similar enough as well. The sound is worse than in season one so that's suboptimal.. . Overall you'll probably like the anime if you liked the first season and if you didn't like the first ...
In terms of general pitches I’ve received, “deadbeat idol strikes up a partnership with a ghost idol who helps him awaken his love of his work”, is certainly not the most expected story, though I suppose neither is it the oddest. Either way, it was enough to thoroughly grasp my attention on sheer randomness and absurdity alone. Is that really enough to claim any legitimate quality though? Well…. . [Writing]. To begin, the general concept of Kami Kuzu Idol is certainly out-there and pretty original all things considered; and it doesn’t attempt to be too much more than what it sets out to, that being a light-hearted, comedic, ...
After I dropped this anime I looked into what more people said and found a lot of people hated it. I found the anime boring I tried watching it in English dub and sub but still couldn't get into it. K-on is one of those animes that should be one season or a movie and no more than that because then it just feels like you're watching the same thing over and over again. It honestly just got watered out and I couldn't even remember the girl's names not to mention the main character was super annoying and kept ticking me off how she couldn't ...
Its ok.... . For a 90's shounen anime its kinda impressive but its didn't age too well.. Don't get me wrong I still enjoyed the show none the less but it's not even close to one of the best shounen ever made.. My biggest issue with the story is the lack of identity.every arc the tone of the show changes drastically and new ideas are put in out of nowhere without much explanation.. . There were 2 things that I really liked.. Team Urameshi were a very good and interesting cast of characters that made me keep watching even tho the plot went of the rails (especially Kuwabara who was the most ...
I like this anime despite what it is, is my summary of my thoughts on this anime. It's wholesome slice of life with actually really cool character growth and some decent humour. I love that!!! The thing is, I have to dig through a buncha weird loli fanservice to get to that. Why does this studio seem to like making pretty good anime with weird pedophillic themes in them? It's odd!!. . Still if you can look past that, which honestly I kinda can, yeah it's pretty good. The character growth is nice and I like rooting for the relationships in it. There's genuinely some soul put ...
This is a VERY GOOD anime to GREAT... AT FIRST. It's still interesting to watch though, especially the 1st episode where they really make effort to gain more viewers for it. But as typical as it is, there's still MUCH MUCH BETTER isekai anime than this.. . When other side characters, mostly females, started to appear, the craze of DISAPPOINTMENT began. The development of the character/s become TOO SLOW and the quality of the content is more like mediocare to average *hope they don't gone BAD as story progresses 😮‍💨*.. . To those who are fond of cutesy cutesy girl and HAREM genre *since cutesy girl characters often ...
Hmmm, idk what to say about this. The first season was pretty decent as I would probably give it an 8. However, the latter seasons were so forgettable that I don't even remember half of the things that happened in the story. There was a lot of filler and it was kinda boring to be honest. I felt like Deku just used the same move over and over again expecting it to work every time. He eventually does make a new move but it is extremely similar to what he had before. I feel like the story would be a lot better if they had ...
Death note was a really great, solid, and entertaining show for its exciting premice and great character relationships. Unfortunately, two of the three most interesting supporting characters dies (one dies too early in the show, the other had to die so I guess I can't complain), and the third kind of stays important but kind of gets written off. Episodes 1-25 are great. It declines in quality a little but its seriously great stuff. After that its ehhh. So if you don't mind definitely give it a watch, but if you do mind then I'm not too sure.. . Ok, now I am trying to submit the ...
I am sad. As nice as this anime used to be, it turned into something I can't even name properly. Characters have still their personalities, animation is always as amazing, music is... 8/10 compared to previous seasons. Regarding that, my review will contain some spoilers towards previous seasons, not this one.. . When I started this anime, I was similar to a lot of watchers of this anime. I had tons of fighting and shounen anime behind me but I barely touched something that special not involving this aspect at all. But friends were telling me about this anime and since I really love cooking and have ...
This movie is pretty much a musical.. There are bits of action, story and humor in between.. Apart from the climax fight, this has no exhilarating action.. I have given 1 or 2 stars extra just for the end fight.. It has been a disappointing movie.. . The story (which was barely decent) has been underwhelmed by the huge array of songs.. They could've built the character better.. The connections between the characters could've been explored more to give depth.. And it definitely needed more action/humor scenes.. ...
Incredibly historically inaccurate is how I'd criticize this anime. Servants chooses when to act like servants. Don't want to bow to the emperor today? Then don't. Want to talk back to your superiors and not get caned? Hell yeah! Want to commit a crime in the palace and possibly face the death sentence? Do it, who cares? How about a consort/concubine telling the emperor in front of him about her old love? Punishment? Nope, let me pat you on the back instead. It's not like you entered the palace to produce heirs or anything.. . What about the eunuchs? More like bishounen ninjas is how they ...
NOTICE: This review covers all seasons of the show.. . Bakuman is a fairy tale about two high schoolers, as they try to become famous mangaka. And I say “fairy tale” and not “story” because it is very ideal and easy-going. The problems these guys face are detached from reality; not that different from the boys reading fighting shonen full of juvenile ideals. I mean, how does this premise sound to you when you read it out loud?. . “The girl I love and have never spoken to, agrees to marry me as soon as I make my first anime series before I am even 18 years old. My ...
Boogiepop Phantom is an enigma.. It's the type of anime you need to watch multiple times to gain somewhat of an understanding of all its deep unlaying concepts.. It's nothing like a traditional anime and tells its story through a non-linear lens, which seems designed to confuse, disorientate and scare the viewer purposely.. As a result, the cuts, the music and even the artistic scenes look like they were made terribly on purpose; however, this is far from the truth, as Boogiepop Phantom is a masterpiece in its medium, a "Dementia Anime.". . Words alone can't describe the experience that is Boogiepop Phantom; it's better seen. ...
Well, I have never felt more mixed feelings in any other anime than this anime. The story is really great and innovative but I didn't like the way they presented it. The main characters were on the screen almost all the time while the secondary characters were almost away all the show or were present but had no interference or were useless. The drawing style is just amazing with fantastic animation. I believe there were a few filler episodes like the birthday episode and such and you can skip them.. . Might be slightly spoiling but I'll try not to: In the end, I really didn't like ...
Let me get one thing out of the way first: I went with "Mixed Feelings" for this one, because when I try to think of people in general, I think some will like this series a lot and others just won't feel as engaged by it regardless of the show's quality, and rather due to the oddball premise. Considering only my friends and acquaintances, from a personal point of view, I would in fact recommend this one to them.. . Overall, Paripi Koumei was a very pleasant surprise for me. I had low expectations based on the description of the anime; the weird pairing of historic ...
Ever since this movie launched, I don't even understand how can the next and the rest movies are being horrible (Exclude 25th). This movie is, oh God, terrible! The conflict is totally huge but, the way they ended it? Totally absurd. I understand that the director wants to add Detective Boys contribution but, are the PSB really, seriously will let KIDS to handle such huge disaster? Handling an attached drone with bomb? Please be real .... . Also, this movie really turned and did so dirty towards Ran. I assume the director is not even know how Shinichi and Ran relationship works because Ran's characterization is AWFULLY ...
It was very difficult to design a review for this anime. It was never perfect from the start, but it was quite entertaining when it was starting to unfold its stories but unfortunately I think the story unfolded too much.. . Undeniably its first part is very good. There are some crass flaws in her but still the balance of her first cour came out very positive. The flagship being the mystery and suspense helped a lot to hold me in the story, since they are themes that are sustained without needing much of the technical aspects of an anime and here these aspects are not a ...
overall I would say it is good. the characters are decent, the conflicts are well thought out, the artwork and sound track are interesting. I do not dislike the character designs and outfits even though some stuff is too flamboyant. the anime is about a simple love story between two people who cannot be together because they are mortal enemies. this is a unique twist on the classic romeo and juliet plotline but it very entertaining to watch.. . however there is one thing that I absolutely despise. in episode 8, we are introduced to Anna Hojo. her character is a 2 dimensional overexaggerated caricature that is ...
After finishing the first episode, I thought this anime would go a completely different route.. While watching the second episode, the huge comedy part of this show moved slowly to the frontline and my expectations also shifted. At least for the first half, then the anime switched its tone again.. . Eminence in Shadow fully utilizes its main character, Cid, and makes everything revolve around him. Mainly due to his very, very serious illness but at the same time, the anime loses steam once he disappears from the spotlight. Which does not happen often, but it is still noticeable.. . Once Cid shows up on the screen, and ...
I would say the overall show was okay; however, the music in this was amazing. I would probably rate the show a 5-6, but the music made it a 7-8 because it was so good.. . I felt like even with 12 episodes there wasn't enough content to make a positive/negative decision on this show, and honestly needs to be a minimum of 24 episodes at the rate of the current story is progressing.. . The main character is a 14 year old junior high student who was bored with life and wanted to try something different, so he snuck out at night and was basically taken in ...
Wasn't as bad as I was expecting, it was just stupid in a goofy way. And I think that's what it was going for. I was never bored while watching this, whether that's because it was 3 minutes or because it was an odd show I don't know. (Probably both). . The art and sounds were really bad, but it felt like a shitty PS1 game/early 3D Pixar movie, which was oddly nostalgic for me. The only semblance of plot was about Sayuri striking something with her big black cock. I gave Sayuri a 5 because I was entertained, despite understanding that it was a shit show. ...
A good movie, still not as good as Film Gold and Z. The pacing felt rushed, the story felt a bit bland and entirely emotional only at the ending part. Expected more considering Stampede doesn't actually have a story but more of a character's revisit episode...and Film Red in the other hand felt like a filler episode that got a movie quality treatment. Really hope Oda could grasp back his old writing skills, as even the recent manga chapters also felt just not as impressive as the old days.. . Oh and in term of animation and music/soundtracks wise, this movie is a banger. Definity a ...
Witch From Mercury attempts to depart from Gundam's usual plot and themes about fighting a war to focus on the relationship between war and capitalism. Sadly, Mobile Suit Gundam: Military Industrial Complex this is not. While there are attempts to integrate themes subtly and organically instead of throwing them into the viewer's face, they end up falling by the wayside. The show's more juvenile elements concerning its school and its contrived plot around exaggerated corporate politics overwhelm any semblance of exploring its ideas. What is left still has strong visuals and actions, as befitting a Gundam series done by Sunrise, but there is little more. ...
Eromanga Sensei is an anime that elicits mixed feelings from viewers. On one hand, the animation quality is superb, with vibrant colors, detailed character designs, and fluid animation that makes the scenes visually engaging. Additionally, the show has a lively and catchy soundtrack that adds to the overall experience.. . On the other hand, the story and characters can be polarizing for some viewers. The show's plot can be shallow and predictable at times, relying heavily on fan service and ecchi moments that may not be suitable for all viewers. Some may find the humor and jokes to be too juvenile or crass, while others may appreciate ...
eh, kinda mid, could be a lot better. Is the story unique? If it was predictable, did you enjoy it anyway because you like this genre/set-up? no. Do you think the art style is fitting for the story? no. Were the characters well-rounded? Did they have flaws and strengths, or were they unusually strong/smart/stupid? no. Did the characters react to situations and events in a realistic way? no. Do you think others will enjoy/dislike this series, even if you didn't? Why? noIs the story unique? If it was predictable, did you enjoy it anyway because you like this genre/set-up? no. Do you think the art style is fitting for ...
The idea for the series is interesting. The hook is basically:. . "A man gets turned into a little girl by his sister. Now he has to live life as a girl. How will he handle this?". . But like many series recently that have an interesting or "unique" premise, the hook only exists to get you to start watching, and then is quickly abandoned for a more run of the mill series.. . Anyway, the problem here is, the protagonist being a former (NEET) man, probably about 20 years old, being transformed into a cute middle school aged girl, is largely irrelevant to the story.. After just a handful of episodes, ...
Plot: The city of Tokyo is under attack, as two teenagers have started placing explosive devices around the city and challenging the police to solve riddles online, with the penalty of various bombs exploding.. . "Terror in Resonance" starts off with the best premises: the first episode is stunning and sets the stage for a psychological thriller that inevitably piques the viewer's curiosity. The story is set in Tokyo in this era, and everything is very realistic, but as the episodes progress, all the characters have illogical behaviors, and too many situations are questionable. I understand that compromises and forced plot elements are necessary in any work, ...
Only review I have ever done but stone ocean was such a boring series the worst part really was the animation, only last few episodes were better still not great. Don't know how it has such high score.. And for such a complex stand that pucci had they sure liked to overexplain any kind of little detail it's ridiculous. Yes this guy has shoes because he needs to wear them because it's not really comfortable walking barefoot.. And with all the parts that came out always only the last few turned out interesting always the rest of the episodes were a grind that they weren't even great ...
TL;DR : IF YOU ARE INTO SQUEAKER VOICE LOLIS AND CATGIRLS AND DEGENERATE FANSERVICE THIS SHOW IS PROBABLY FOR YOU, IF NOT THIS SHOW MIGHT BE HARD TO WATCH, I am pretty put off by those things so a lot of this show was hard to watch. I was confused as to why crunchyroll only included 12 episodes when everywhere else it is 15 episodes. After finishing the series I think maybe ending off on episode 12 wouldve been better. THe last three eps werent that good. For me the best episodes were 1, 2, and 12. I would be lying if I said this ...
Blood Blockade Battlefront & Beyond is a series that follows the adventures of a group of super-powered individuals who protect the city of Hellsalem's Lot from various supernatural threats. The series is a sequel to the original Blood Blockade Battlefront anime and features the same cast of characters.. . The animation and art style of the series are visually stunning, with vibrant colors and detailed character designs. The action scenes are well choreographed and exciting to watch, with a good mix of hand-to-hand combat and supernatural powers.. . However, the plot of the series can be confusing and disjointed at times, with several storylines and subplots that don't always ...
To Love Ru is a romantic comedy anime series that follows the story of Rito Yuki, a high school student who is in love with his classmate Haruna Sairenji. However, his life takes a drastic turn when a beautiful alien princess named Lala Satalin Deviluke suddenly appears in his bathtub and declares that she will marry him.... Every mans dream, right? or is it.... . The first season of To Love Ru is a mixed bag, with some aspects that are enjoyable and others that are not so great. On the positive side, the show has a colorful and vibrant art style that is pleasing to the ...
Honestly, it is a great anime. It's mid section is a little bit boring. It'll hook you later on but it can get stale.. . The story has an interesting, albeit overused concept. Great execution though. A pretty basic power system which takes in an actual law of science which is Energy can neither be created nor destroyed. Until of course, it breaks this law completely with human souls.. . The mystery of it all was intriguing at the start but as it went on, it got repetitive and boring. It felt more like a chore getting through the last 20 episodes than something I enjoyed. Would recommend but ...
I decided to watch this anime a little randomly. I went with 0 expectations and maybe that's what helped me finish this anime. Since its first episode it was very clear that the proposal was curious, neither exciting nor boring, just curious and make the anime be good or bad would depend mainly on the execution of this idea. The execution itself is not the worst or the best, the anime is well average in all its time. Characters without having much to tell, cool interactions and some interactive plot choices. What the anime wanted to go through through your proposal might not have targeted ...
Honestly speaking, this anime is more fitting to be a novel. In reality it has some wisdom to offer and themes to be discussed so I believe everyone has to give it a try because It's fun to talk about.. . Firstly, there are a lot of positive reviews which are justified. From its glorious animation to the peculiar pace of narrating. After watching it you must sit down and think about the themes it brings to the table since you might be unsure of what you just watched. The mundane magic of our lives, the everyday decisions that move our lives forward and the people along ...
The Strongest Diviner with the Weakest Magic.. . Guys, I don’t want to alarm anyone here, but we might be stuck in a time loop. Because I swear that this exact anime released last year under the title The Strongest Sage with the Weakest Crest. The strongest guy reincarnates himself into the future where he attends a magical *sigh* light novel academy and surrounds himself with a harem of questionably young looking women who are also strong, but not as strong as him, obviously? That’s the exact the same anime!. . I’m being hyperbolic, obviously. Although they share scarily similar light novel DNA the way The Reincarnation of ...
The Angel Next Door Spoils a Bit Rotten.. . The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten is blatant false advertising in its title alone. First, the show is not about an angel, she's just a normal high school girl. Second, the angel doesn’t spoil ME personally rotten as the title led me to believe. As one man once said, “My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined.”. . Joking aside, a show about a literal angel living next door to the teenager equivalent of a pile of stinky, unwashed underwear covered in brown skid marks would probably be at least somewhat more interesting to watch than this ...
THIS IS A SPOILER-FREE REVIEW. . I have been a huge fan of the mecha genre since i got into the medium of anime, so i am always looking out for „the next big thing“. Unfortunately, the genre has been quite lacking in recent years, because i can´t remember there being a single mecha show that interested me since „Darling in the Franxx“ back in 2018 (and we all know how that turned out). So i was really exited to see the „The Witch from Mercury“ because it received great reviews from multiple corners of the community for being a great entry to the genre as well ...
I feel so sorry for saying this but Trigun is yet another old classic that didn't live up to my expectation.... . It isn't bad, objectively, as we have a solid story, with good character development, and good animation as well. But the pacing, oh my, it just felt horrible. I couldn't tell where they went wrong, but I can tell they did for sure!. . The real story only starts once you've watched about half of the show, in order for you to know the characters better I suppose, but I hate watching a show without any direction to follow so it felt kinda boring. Then the story ...
I like this BUT I also liked the manga and with the varying tastes out in the world you can be sure there were those who loathed it.. . There is not much dialogue as most of the anime is spent with the internal thoughts and monologues of the main character.. The entire flow is very easy going just like the manga. It might not be for some but it's wonderful for days when you don't want any great plots or major goings-on to bend the mind to. No plotting in the background, no plans to complicate life, no great task to accomplish, and no villain to ...
3 years 2 months and 1 day. I started the Anime January 11th 2020 and did not finish it until March 12th 2023.. . I got to episode 17 as it was releasing and have not picked it up since. I cant really say why other than maybe it was because I enjoyed it so much at first. So, I didn't want it to end hearing how it was going south, and how it wouldn't be able to finish properly. But most of the questions I had were answered in the anime after episode 17 (I had ...
(spoiler free) If you are bored of seeing the same show over and over this may be a breath of fresh air, though with twelve 48 minute episodes it can feel slow and fast paced at the same time. This show is very irregular in how it tells its story yet still follows an episodic formula, this is what kept me watching. Enjoyed the moral ambiguity. Though you root for them, the protagonists were not perfect enforcers of justice and the question of whether what their doing is right can be raised.. . The character design and art style were unique and looked great. Some ...
quick madclown review. . it's a 7.5 from me but i can't give it 0.5. . it isn't as terrible as a 7... the reasons it doesn't make 8? :-. . something about it was just difficult for me to absorb. not the concept, but the story itself was a bit difficult to follow because i just had a really hard time keeping up with the characters and who is what.. . (and funnily enough, i KNOW i'm not alone, on of the reviews says that the lead used to play for one autumn leaf... but the name of the alliance was in fact excellent era.... and the ACCOUNT that the ...
I'm honestly disappointed... This season wasn't bad, but if you compare to the first season it had a huge drop in quality.. . They should've taken more time in the first episodes, the amount of information they were giving us was overwhelming and it felt like they were throwing it all at your face just so the story could proceed to the actual arc they focused this season, whereas when we reach around half of the anime they take a lot of time... Don't get me wrong, it's not a bad thing but in my opinion, they could've balanced with the beginning.. . Also with the first season, the ...
I had high hopes so maybe it's on me to be be disappointed, I think the premise was fun but then as the show progresses you understand less and less of the character's actions, it feels as if the writers themselves don't really understand the characters they created; Anisphia's brother felt like a character only meant to create some conflict I do not come to understand his actions in the slightest and I also don't understand why the rest of the characters went so soft on him after he did such awful things to Anis, Euphy and Leiny it felt like they where trying ...
The art is a 10/10 as usual from Makoto Shinkai, but I really can’t deny the similar story formula used in Tenki no Ko and Kimi no Nawa. That being said, i did enjoy this one more than Tenki no Ko but less than Kimi no Nawa.. . I liked suzume’s character but the male protagonist is kinda dull for me and i think that there really wasn’t enough development in the dynamics of the two main characters to justify the ‘I can’t live without you’ type of romance. At the end of the day they barely know each other and i don’t think going into ...
Gonna go with (8.40) for the full ratings. Man,honestly Tenki no Ko are better than this..this movie are that movie to watch with your date friend and not with the homies or even worse watching alone.. . Let's start with the story, where the element of coincidence and suddenness is really felt here and in my opinion this is something that does not respect the development of the plot. Even for character development, due to the short duration, it feels very unsatisfactory to see the development of each character and their relationship with one another. The characterizations are also felt to be less strong because the source ...
Best Musical Movie in a while.. That being said, not the worst One Piece Movie but DEFINITELY NOT THE BEST!!!. When I first watched the trailer, I got excited and hope it can really outdid One Piece Stampede as we finally be able to see Shanks in action (anime version) for like 15 years. 1 main thing to be said though, I felt like Toei or Oda tends to experiments a lot with OP movies. We got Marines POV kind of (Zero), 4 recap movies (Episodes of Skypea, Nami, Chopper, Alabasta), 1 horror (Baron Omatsuri), addition to 14 movies (including this one) with Original Plot ...
To Your Eternity is known to many for its methodical, slow-paced story of Fushi’s growth and the despair he faced throughout his life. Unfortunately, Season 1 sputtered to a conclusion following an underwhelming final arc around the events of Jananda, which was more action oriented, and less gripping overall. Season 2 of To Your Eternity literally follows in the footsteps of that arc, as it continued to sputter through quite an underwhelming story, that has lost most of its original charm of slow paced storytelling. The new characters introduced are okay at best, with some being decent, and some being downright awful. The pacing is ...
Evangelion is one of the most iconic in the world of anime, without a doubt, but I wouldn't recommend it to someone who is just starting out. It has an interesting plot, however, I don't like the way things are explained, or rather, I don't understand anything.. If you are interested in the story you will find it very good. In general there are things that you don't understand the first time you see it, you should see a summary or an analysis, but in the end it is interesting.. There are moments when I really wanted to stop watching, but I continued without understanding anything ...
Paprika is hard to understand. I would say it is easier to not understand, by extension, throughout the whole film and even after, you need to think what is happening. And eventually, you will probably overlook some details. But despite the complexity the movie became quite successful and also affect the anime in general.. . As I could somehow understand there are two main themes: mixing fantasy and the real world and lack of self-confidence. And the immense amount of time is dedicated to the first one. On top of that, the second theme is easy to understand in contrast to the first one and hence ...
Chainsaw Man is a thrilling and gory anime that explores the themes of power, survival, and the human condition. The series takes place in a world where demons exist and are hunted by humans known as Devil Hunters. The main character, Denji, is a Devil Hunter who merges with a chainsaw demon to become the titular character, Chainsaw Man.. . The anime delves into the psychological struggles of Denji as he grapples with his identity as a human-demon hybrid and the powers that come with it. It also explores the complex relationships between humans and demons, highlighting the morally gray areas of both sides.. . From a scientific perspective, ...
Very good AMV, created by Leji Matsumoto autor of Leji Matsumoto of Galaxy express 999.. . This video was done for an 18 anniversary of Freddies Mercury passing.. . The AMV is very good, but it feels more like a clips from anime rather than a story with Bohemian Rhapsody playing in the background. Song fits the characters very well, but I feel like something is missing. I prefer his Daft Punks videos more than this one. The video is fine, I really liiked the beggining seguence and ending.. . This video pretty much done for people that know Leji Matsumoto´s work. I think that the songs ...
(6.5/10) For an anime that has some really amazing things going for it, Bungo Stray Dogs does not get off to a great start.. . Let's start with the good things. First off, Bungo Stray Dogs has a wonderfully hilarious premise for literary nerds. The mangaka created the story in the hopes that it would get people more interested in Japanese literature, and I think he's successful for the most part. At the same time, a lot of author dynamics are inverted in the anime compared to how they are in real life (for example, Atsushi is younger than Dazai in the anime, but was from the ...
Coming from the manga watching all from the season 1 through the very last episode of season 2 the story is a roller coaster of good and bad stories, with the alterations of bad building and good resolution and viceversa. I was really looking forward to the anime adaptation, I really hoped that some parts might have changed, but as the story goes in the manga so it is the anime. I really liked the manga in general, even though I found quite bad written some of the characters of the season 2 arc. Even though this bad arc I managed to read it through ...
I still remember that I loved Season 1. The overal story combined with the animation was delightful but contrary to Season 2. I think the story went downhill. The animation still is beautiful but I didn't think the story would decline this much. Since most stories go downhill after multiple seasons. I was already expecting the quality to be less than the first season.. . If you like watching animation and you don't care much about the story than this would be a fine Anime. If you rather watch a good story even in the animation is that good than this isn't for you.
This Show Is way too rushed, As a person who loved the light novel the most captivating thing about it was the slow pace and the build up which finally lead to certain things, the intricacies behind the story,And the details of the world around them being shown so beautifully. This?...... it's a mess if I've ever seen one. . -Too fast paced. this show is a show which deserves at least 1 whole season for the character development itself maybe covering 1-2 volumes ONLY. this shit is so rushed promised neverland s2 looks like a turtle\. . -Mc blushing way tooo much. in the Light novel mc was aware that ...
Acchi Kocchi is good, simple fun. As a cute, uncomplicated gag comedy with a lingering and adorably awkward love plot, it fulfills its purpose efficiently. Though, there's not much which sets it apart. This isn't to say it's a bad time by any means, I did enjoy it, it's just that I didn't find myself blown away by anything, be it the comedy, pacing, or depth. It's all just pretty good. Beginning with the story, there's not much to explain. A group of high school friends get up to various shenanigans, and two of them are dancing around an oblique and glancing romance. A tried-and-true ...
"Simplicity is underrated". . ...is what I initially thought when I started watching Haibane Renmei. It made me appreciate a show for purely being a show, a theatrical performance, with no cheap tricks, no audiovisual confetti, nothing of supplementary nature, for the setting and the actors alone are enough (and should always be enough) to convey what this show wants to tell - and it is something powerful enough to make it worth a watch, in spite of its outdated characteristics.. . The first thing one would argue about is the story of Haibane Renmei, something that, even by the end, remains oddly mystical. But alas, you will surely ...
It kind of pains me to want to give this a 6 out of 10 because when this "Special" is great, it's great and it's kind of hard for me to judge this thing as a whole, but to put it simpily the first episode I found to be pretty dull since it's a dull prequel doing what dull prequels do and give too much information on events that never really needed explaining which is how Hiei and Kurama met. On top of that, it suffers from other prequel problems like the girl Kurama hangs out with being pointless in the long run since she ...
Predictable, no twist and i guess i expected too much.. I watched this pn big screen and I really did my best to enjoy it. . Character Design is the same and it’s okay coz i love it. Animation is on the next level. OST is great but the story line is just meh for me.. There’s couple of funny scenes but I honestly got bored. Seeing suzume’s bracelet i thought there’ll be a connection with Kimi no nawa and weathering with you but none, or maybe I just didn’t notice.. . A high school girl met a guy on the way to school and decided to ditch the ...
This anime is the type of anime I'd normally skip, marking it off as the typical degen bait of the season. I'm not completely against fan-service but I am not fond of loli content. Though, this is the anime industry for you.. . . However, this slice of life anime, for some odd reason, has my attention.. . . If I was to summarize why: It reminds me of being a kid in the 2010s. Fresh to anime and watching whatever I could get my hands on. In terms of "vibes",(not plot wise- obviously), a weird mix of lucky star and girls bravo if that makes sense 😂.. . Definitely avoid ...
Good female charaters. They are all cute and full as a character.. But, except for funny Kogure, which is humorous and has brought me the majority laughter of the whole show, the main male protagonist is, to be fair and to be respectful, the worst thing next to poop.. . So, since we are all able to guess the plot progresion of this show from its title, a foreseeable story and a shitty male protagonist would only leave us no choice but to turn off our brains and enjoy those cute female characters.. . That's why I gave this show still point 8. Because I'm thinking with down there and ...
There's a lot to be said about Yamibo, and that may be a sort of understatement. From the confusing but unique narrative, to the giant disturbing-looking hat, to the lesbian incest subplot, it's a real trip if you're only seeing it for the first time.. In fact, I'm not sure how I was able to get through it. But that's for another time. Here are some of my honest thoughts on the bizzare, yet captivating world of Yamibo.. . First of all, a question on everyone's mind, what in god's good graces is going on here? Well to be frank, the plot is simple. Two sisters, Hatzuki and ...
The Misfit of Demon King Academy finally returns with its second season, but SILVER LINK has fumbled the bag with this one. The first season was so much better.. . Animation - 6/10. It is pretty generic, there is nothing much to say other than SILVER LINK should take their time to produce anime. But whatever makes the cash.. . Characters - 5/10. The characters are generic as well, I don't see any development so far. (at least not major development). . Pacing - 8.5/10. The pacing is good, but all fails due to the lacklustre of direction for the series.. ...
This anime started off fairly well, I originally had it at an 8/10 for the first 3 or so episodes. Which has now lowered to a 5/10. The animation isn't the best, but it's better than most generic animes. The action and the plot feels weak, there is a lot missing, I have never played the game before, but I am sure the game is far better, and the anime may be more enjoyable for the users that already have pre-existing experience with this story. The characters were okay, they aren't amazing. It seems like a majority of people have mixed feelings about this.. . No hate ...
It's said the third time is a charm and sometimes it's true. I had 2 failed attempts to watch this anime but for some reasons I could not forget it and this week I actually did finish it. The struggle was immeasurable and my day was ruined after the last episode.. First of all the cast of characters are unlikeable:. . Livius - sumptuously is the king of the world, king of the Sun who rules his empire, his people and other nations with an iron fist, a brilliant mind and compassion but as soon as you dive into the anime you notice a short tempered little ...
[THIS WAS WRITTEN RIGHT AFTER WATCHING IT AND ON MY SOCIAL MEDIA ACC. KEEPING THIS HERE FOR AN ARCHIVE]. Watched the Columbus files. Kind of a meh movie. I liked the more serious moments lupin had and the usual goemon jigen stupidity. The gimmick of the movie is literally just the cliche main girl character has amnesia and jusy so happens to have seen something important right before losing her memory (COUGH COUGH detective Conan movie Captured in her eyes COUGGGHH) the movies exclusive character/story was also kinda dumb as usual with lupin movies but she was way more girlboss than most others I’ve seen so ...
[THIS WAS WRITTEN RIGHT AFTER WATCHING IT AND ON MY SOCIAL MEDIA ACC. KEEPING THIS HERE FOR AN ARCHIVE]. Well dragon of doom has to be the fucking strangest films of the franchise I’ve seen yet. Like it made sense plot wise and structurally but that all felt like a continuous fever dream regardless. It was fun tho. More of an emphasis on goemon which was different and appreciated but a very noticeable lack of Zenigata like mf showed up like twice and both times felt like cameos rather than actual character appearances💔. On the art side I noticed it all feeling very Tokyo crisis-y which I ...
[THIS WAS WRITTEN RIGHT AFTER WATCHING IT AND ON MY SOCIAL MEDIA ACC. KEEPING THIS HERE FOR AN ARCHIVE]. Tonight’s film goodbye partner is now done. This is another strange one story wise. Nowhere near the levels of dragon of doom but still really strange. I liked the first half a lot, jigen betrayal is such a GOOD INCITING INCIDENT. LIKE MAN!!!!! YOUD THINK THEYD UTILIZE IT MORE BUT YEAH NOPE!!!! After the first half is over jigen isn’t evil anymore and it turns into some mission to not die and kill a rogue supercomputer AI somehow. The plot Just on its own feels a lot like ...
[THIS WAS WRITTEN RIGHT AFTER WATCHING IT AND ON MY SOCIAL MEDIA ACC. KEEPING THIS HERE FOR AN ARCHIVE]. PRISON OF THE PAST DONE 🤩🤩🤩 IT WAS SO GOOOOOD OMG. The plot was kinda lame and been there done that but had some small slivers of something that could’ve been much deeper but like usual w this kinda shit they never actually MAKE ANY USE OF ANYTHING HANDED TO THEM. THEY SPRINKLE IT AND GIVE HINTS AT IF AND JUST LEAVE IT LIKE THAT. PLEASE GUYS JUST FUCKING. USE THE MATERIAL.. But other than that the character moments were so good and funny and the dub cast sounded ...
[THIS WAS WRITTEN RIGHT AFTER WATCHING IT AND ON MY SOCIAL MEDIA ACC. KEEPING THIS HERE FOR AN ARCHIVE]. I think this must be like. The fucking third or fourth movie in this franchise set in New York/America and like honestly??? I love the NYC parts a lot. Probably more than any of the other attempts at capturing the city this franchise has tried.. Aside from that this movie was actually pretty fun on its own!!. Story dragged after they left NYC, but the last quarter was definitely where things got fun again. The plot (ignoring the main one abt the Hitler brooch lupin wanted to steal bc ...
"We are wolves and as wolves we put our prides on the line.". -A rich man inspiring a confused homeless man to steal food. (Minor spoilers). This anime has all the traits of a good anime, over the top (and mainly sexual) comedy, the typical plots and absolutely annoying characters who add no depth to the show but serve as only plot points to harass the main character or use as filler for the show and the main character who is mostly misunderstood as noone even pays attention to what he is saying (This sentence was sarcasm by the way).. The fanservice added to the flames and made it ...
Episodic series are complicated. On one hand, there's a huge degree of freedom that can go into them that you don't obtain quite as easily in semi-episodic or comparatively linear narratives, but on the other they run the risk of running dry due to a lack of variety in their narratives, uninteresting subplots or characters that remain stagnant throughout the show's run.. . Cowboy Bebop is interesting because in many ways it encapsulates both the best and worst things about episodic series within its runtime.. . The premise is simple enough and works perfectly for the kind of story Cowboy Bebop is - one about these drifting mercenaries simply ...
The entire gimmick of Jojo is that it's intellectual. It's a battle of wits, not pure strength. Sure, it's incredibly bizarre, but that's what makes Jojo so good. Or at least what should. As a watcher, you're supposed to accept that crazy things happen, while having the satisfaction that things at least make sense, in their own crazy way. Obviously stands do not exist, but if they did, Jojo battles would be a good example of what they would be in real life. Now this is a fundamental concept in the writing of fiction. No one likes it when your story makes no sense. It ...
It's overrated. Like way overrated. It's basically about this super shy melodramatic girl who's good at guitar and wants to play in a band. But literally any social interaction sends her spiraling out of control. So this other girl asks her to join her band and little after little she becomes less shy (though still shy) and starts to make some friends. They play some songs and people like them and that's about it. It is the most unremarkable anime I've seen after K-on. I can't deny that it was cute and mildly wholesome, but that's really all it was. The songs were good, I ...
The Anime obviously doesn't end properly, please look at the Manga for an actual ending of the series (I get told it has endings for each character).. I find this season to be a definite improvement over the last season, but for every fix it added, it made the story feel brushed off and inconsistent, no to mention, rushed.. . The MC completely seems like a generic character that no one should care about but is put on a pedestal for the show. The animation isn't bad, but the CGI in the finale really sucks and is makes a migraine looking at the poor CGI. The ...
Call of the Night is a simple story at its core that begins with the typical “boy meets girl” premise: Yamori Ko is a middle school boy who has become disillusioned with his mundane school life. Suffering from insomnia as a result, he begins to wander his hometown at night and happens upon a mysterious girl who helps him learn how to have fun with life. Of course, life is not that simple, as Nanakusa Nazuna is actually a vampire who roams the town looking for food. Bewitched by her carefree nocturnal lifestyle, Yamori decides that he too wants to become a vampire; the catch ...
Historically speaking, Votoms is one of the first serious military-action anime. Beyond that, it is not a show for viewers who don’t fancy realistic warfare and nihilistic or expandable characters. Although Tomino’s Gundam franchise bridged the mecha and space opera genres a few years prior to this show, Takahashi Ryosuke took all that to the next level with Votoms and the result was plain weird. It’s an excentric anime that on one hand becomes the most “real” among Real Robots (the mecha in it have a highly realistic way of moving and fighting) and on the other hand feels mechanical, cynical, dry, and with little ...
"Eden" is a four-episode original net animation that premiered on Netflix in May 2021. The series is a collaboration between Nice Boat Animation, Wolf Smoke Studio, Qubic Pictures, and CGCG Studio. It is classified under the genres of fantasy, sci-fi, and slice of life, and is rated PG-13 for teens 13 or older.. . The story of "Eden" is set in a world where humans have been extinct for several centuries, and the only inhabitants left are robots. The show follows two robots named E92 and A37, who discover a human baby girl in the midst of their routine duties. The two robots decide to take care ...
God damnit, I hate Shaft. How they manage to make every one of their anime look like an absolute god damn mess is beyond me.. . I can't help but to get absolutely pissed off. Their art style and rendering is just horrendeous. So much random background shit and detail in all the wrong places. You watch a scene that's focused on characters and objects they're interacting with, and it seems to move at 3fps and look like it's in 360p, all the while there's a 4K highly detailed random nonsense of a background object swirling around at 60fps for no reason. They can't render a tea ...
So you want some shounen in your hentai? Or some hentai in your shounen? A bit of fantasy slice-of life between?. . Isekai Meikyuu de Harem wo fits the bill. Not that brings a whole lot to the table, unfortunately.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 7/10. -----------------------------------------------. . Fairly generic looking modern anime/hentai. There aren't mindblowing details, crazy animations or visual effects. But it doesn't assault your eyes either. It about matches your expectations.. . ...
Despite being a far cry from other more notable Takahiro Omori titles (Baccano!, Haibane Renmei, Hell Girl, Natsume's Book of Friends, Hotarubi no Mori e), more than a decade since it's release Durarara!! continues to be a part of the zeitgeist. However, in spite of the durability of the hype surrounding it, I can only think of two elements of this show that make it worth watching.. . 1) It's aura of mystique - it oozes of rich lore of urban legends saturating the streets of Ikebukuro. 2) It's mesmerizing score - an absolute vibe. . These components alone are reason enough to sit through 24 episodes meandering through ...
Brazilian portuguese:. Anime que contrariou todas as minhas expectativas, no sentido bom é claro, devido ao hype ruim que foi o jogo, tirou completamente a minha vontade de assistir, porem a otimas recomendações eu resolvi apreciar tal anime e não me arrependi de nem um unico minuto desse anime, acho que a unica coisa que devo reclamar são os miseros 25 minutos de anime, passa uma horrivel sensação de anime curto, tirando isso o anime é simplismente sensacional, adicionado para os meus favoritos, creditos para o ultimo episódio que foi previsivel porém tocante) ”anime 9/10 favoritado com certeza”. |. English:. Anime that went against all my expectations, in a ...
Brazilian portuguese:. Vou ser bem sincero, o anime não merece apenas uma media de 6 pontos, claro que voce cai de paraquedas no meio da historia sem uma unica explicação, até que o decorrer da historia tudo é explicado, gostei do desenvolvemento da historia e dos personagens em si, e meus companheiros, disparado a ultima cena foi de tirar risos, quem diria que a “comedia” viria a calhar no final da história, anime bastante recomendavel para quem está entediado, anime 7/10 bastante subestimado. inclusive é a segunda vez que faço essa avaliação, por apenas alguns caracteres minha avaliação foi removida, ao mesmo tempo isso é bom e ...
Let's just get into it.. . Well-made art, speechless, a honest 10/10. . Gotta say, Suzume no Tojimari or Suzume has a great quality. That's a big applause for studios who have worked hard to create an outstanding performance for the animation. Great use of CGI, great lighting-shading, awesome effect animation, an awesome support for the story. Eye-pleasing. Got nothing more to say, a solid 10/10, can't never move it lower.. . Calm, frightening, funny, the sound has it all, gotta score this a high 9/10.. . From the opening into the background and then ending, it's all awesome. The music and sound effect really complement the animation and story overall. Favorite ...
I finally had the chance to watch Suzume no Tojimari and it was quite the experience. After watching it I can say with a high certainty that it's... good. Let's just jump right into it. This review doesn't contain spoiler, so you can relax.. . If you're wondering about the story, just watch the trailer and you basically get the gist of things. Following his previous work, Suzume no Tojimari also tells a story about our protagonists (Suzume and Souta) save Japan from imminent danger. Already this plot made me roll my eyes when the movie started. I'm sorry to say this, I want to like Shinkai ...
for me overall is good, unique premise.. but from ending episode still a bit dissapointed and other plot hole like, why did Ilvia just leave Wayne like that, and when she's being revived.. otherwise, its still good to watch just for refreshing when you got boring with same template isekai theme.. . for story is unique when we got Wayne Al as MC that he's only farmer but with OP skilled.. art style seems like fresh just like the theme that anime bring for it.. i still like how Ilvia backstory that quite touching my heart when she's taking care of his brother Wayne Al, my daughter even ...
The show’s visual and design easily sustained a baseline of 9 with full potential to top a 10, but never in my life have I seen it lose all its score’s so fast through each episode.. . The bad:. . The biggest problem is by far the content. Shallow. Each character’s theme story feels shallow and unfulfilling, and even the main line story has no substance in it. The challenges and sad moment is over forcefully engineered, and each story is just as predictably boring as the next.. . The show also prides itself by being heavily music focused. The show seems to have forgotten the fact that the music needs ...
The first time I watched this I thought it was good, it can also be watched by people who don't know anything about anime maybe because my sister who didn't watch this anime quite enjoyed this anime.. . The visuals displayed are very beautiful, maybe more beautiful than your name maybe, for the ost in this anime is very good (I don't know if it's bad maybe my music taste is bad).. . For the voice actors I think it fits the characters they play, yes I'm no longer surprised by Makoto's anime, even though they don't use famous voice actors but are always suitable in choosing voice actors.. . I'm ...
The graphics are fantastic, but the plot and soundtrack feel ordinary. After watching it, I felt something was missing but it's hard to explain. I also feel that the quality of Makoto Shinkai's work has declined after Kimi No Nawa. If I were to rate it, Kimi No Nawa would get a 10, Tenki No Ko would get a 9, and Suzume would only get an 8 overall. That’s why Suzume didn’t have much euphoria as Tenki No Ko had.. . I hope he won't use the repetitive story's disaster setting and a teenager who running away from home as the main characters for his next ...
I remember stumbling upon Food Wars on Netflix during my freshmen year in high school. Now, admittedly, I was initially interested in the show because of its borderline hentai ecchi and as a freshmen in highschool I was horny af so it automatically had me hooked. With that being said it didn't take long for me be more invested in the story than the ecchi.. . Souma Yukihira, our main character, is a very hard-working, determined, and reckless individual who's dream is to inherit the family diner his dad currently owns. Out of no where he is sent to a world-renowned cooking school, by his father, immediately ...
It's like K-ON but without the weird white supremacy groups surrounding it. Kinda funny sometimes. If Bocchi is relatable then you missed the point. . That being said, the visuals are (as I'm sure you've heard) fairly unique and often creative. Many scenes are photos with a hand-drawn filter applied over them which, while efficient (for better or worse), does attribute a lived-in look to scenes that would otherwise be squeaky-clean. The scenes that aren't photos are often designed in a realistic manner, meaning every location doesn't look like a hospital.. The humor is light and fairly status-quo. A lot of the jokes stem around Bocchi being a socially-anxious mega-introvert. ...
Hey there! So, let me start with the positives: the character designs in High Card are on point! I mean, you gotta give it to them, they know how to make some good-looking characters. But unfortunately, that's where the good stuff ends. The plot is just meh, and I hate it when action shows have no real rules to the fights - it's like, "Okay, they're fighting, but what's the point? What are the stakes?" And don't even get me started on how nothing much happens. I tried to give it a chance, I really did, but by episode 3 or 4, I was done. ...
I'd love to have write my first review for a 10 but this was definitely not a 10 star rate.. . I'll just straight get into it:. I didn't like "Shikimoris not a cutie" mostly because I couldn't connect with the protagonists at all. And with at all I really mean at all. I didn't care about Shikimori and neither did I care much about Izumi to be honest.. . As an anime watcher I was straight thrown into the situation of their relationship and everyday school life. I do watch many romance and slice of life stuff and I really like it normally but this was not ...
The must-see anime of the season for trend-seekers, romcom lovers, and loners yearning for human warmth:. The plot is simple, a boy named Wakana Gojo starts making dolls dressed in traditional Japanese costumes after falling in love with the beauty and quality of them in his grandfather's shop. The boy commits himself to this niche art to the point of socially and culturally isolating himself from the rest of his classmates, considering himself a freak. Everything changes when he meets Marin, the most popular and pretty girl in his school who turns out to be with whom he finds common ground of interest in the ...
Finished the "Hype" series as of now and may or may not be waiting for the next season (depends in the mood).. . The part 2 of this hyped anime is good although im still not really into it unlike its isekai counterparts which i wholeheartedly follow and read the light novel and manga. It has its own flaws especially the MC which sad to say i really hate (sorry to say to the fans).. I hate his pervert tendencies cause in reality he is still a 30+ man eyeing and having sexual fantasies to minors (although he is reincarnated in a body of a 11 year old ...
Okay, listen up! I'm a die-hard fan of season 1, I've watched it a million times and it still gives me goosebumps. But let me tell you, this season 2 is like watching paint dry. It's so slow that I could bake a cake and still have time to spare before anything interesting happens. I mean, seven episodes to cover that little ground?. . I mean, don't get me wrong, it's not terrible or anything, it's just not keeping me on the edge of my seat like season 1 did. It's not even a must-watch anymore, I can wait until it's been out for a ...
TL;DR, Read the manga or light novel, both are significantly better.. . I absolutely love the story of "蜘蛛ですが、なにか？", I have read both the light novel and the manga before the anime released; and both do a significantly better job portraying the story. The ONE saving grace of the entire anime is the spider side, Aoi Yuuki did an absolutely perfect job portraying Kumoko and I could sing her praises for her role in this show forever. It is a little strange at first that spider side is all in cg, but it looks significantly better than the human side all told. It really felt like the ...
Okay, lets be honest. I thought that this might be THE romcom I wanted to watch. Not just a 12 episode long series where every episode feels like a filler. (This anime has 24 episodes. Its just an example.) It started pretty good. I was hyped because I thought that the plot is actually pretty deep so It cant be just a "normal" romcom. Well, It is. Through the whole series I thought, "Why do they take this so lightly? They were swapped at birth and meet their real parents after 16 years so why?" I thought that this anime would be a bit more ...
I've never been more disappointed going from a manga to an animated adaptation. It is good it's pretty faithful but I just felt the fight scenes weren't what where promised and what I came to expect from the manga. The voice actors were good, and you can never go wrong with tsuda kenjiro, but just over all I was disappointed due to how much I loved the manga. If I never read the manga I'd say it's an easy 8-9 but I just can't say that with how my favourite scenes where somewhat butchered by still good but not great animation partially due to the ...
To keep it simple and to the point: It's been well over 10 years since I've watched this. But the reason I am writing this review is to give the person actually considering watching this show a chance to enjoy it as opposed to completely fall apart at the seems from what can only be described as "Teach the dog to read and write so he can finish it" 2nd act of a show.. . Never have I been more insulted by any piece of media I've ever consumed than I have with this show. Stale, heavily clichéd , bewildering metaphors, characters and situations stabbed into ...
All the babes in this anime already have boyfriends!. I can see how some people might be into Yase, but she has mommy issues, and is part demon so I would advise against asking her out if you value your life.. That pretty much leaves Shouko as most eligible bachelorette. Shouko’s dedication to her work may make her seem unapproachable, but I’d be willing to bet she’d be willing to go out with just about anyone if they could keep those kids out of her hair for a day. So there’s your in.. Kyousou Giga feels like a lot of care was put into making every aspect of ...
The Arifureta Shokugyou de Sekai Saikyou 2nd Season Picture Drama offers a lighthearted and humorous look at the events that occurred throughout the series. The motion graphic spin-off series provides a comedic interpretation of the events that took place in conjunction with the anime. Originally released on the official Twitter page of the series, the Picture Dramas were included in the Blu-ray BOX sets. The voice cast for the Picture Dramas is the same as the Anime cast, which is definitely a plus for fans of the series.. . Despite the Picture Drama's comedic nature, it does give us some insight into the characters that we don't ...
“World's End Harem” is what happens when an intern is given two different scripts, told to take them to the director, drops them then mixes them together while picking them up in an attempt to cover up the fact that he has a drinking problem.. . There is a polish movie from 1984 called “Sexmission”. Watching this anime reminded me of it. The premises have a lot in common. That said “Sexmission” is a classic, well written and a bit cheesy movie and “World’s End Harem” is something You’ll forget a few minutes after the last episode wraps up.. . We experience the world from the perspective ...
When it comes to this anime, my opinion is probably different than most people's because I actually like this anime, to an extent lol. I've seen it 4 or 5 times now and will watch it again in the future. It's very easy to watch and isn't super complicated although this probably would have changed if it had more episodes. That being said this anime would have benefited to have been 24 episodes or atleast have 2 seasons to help get deeper into the lore and backstory. . . Story: 6.8/10 - the story in my opinion was ok in this anime, it has a decent pace and ...
"BEYOND THE BOUNDARY: I'LL BE HERE- FUTURE". . Genre- Action, Magic, Super Power, Supernatural, Drama, Seinen.. . Memories, shape you and make you a person that represents who you are. Forgetting the most essential things in one's life is something that can turn out to be a big curse, one that is even bigger than immortality, and something that might just make your life a living hell.. . Not knowing whom to trust and where to turn to, Kuriyama Mirai losses her memory after stopping 'Beyond the Boundary' in the first season. The movie acts as a continuation to the anime and helps to showcase the happy ending that was missing ...
If you are looking for a well-written story with character development this is NOT it. That said, this anime leaned HEAVILY into the MC trope of OP. It made it funny as heck.. The story is about a demon king who died at the hands of a human hero thousands of years ago. The main characters then are all reborn into their modern time. He enters a school in the demon world, that teaches magic. The demon king is reborn with all his OP powers and finds friends along the way. His friends all end up being girls who swoon over him. The demons go to ...
Tokyo Ravens... what a mess.... . A show with an unbelievably forgettable first half, and somehow the second half that's a better shounen than most ever made. It has no right to be so good in some places and such a wreck in others.. . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 8/10. -----------------------------------------------. . Nothing to really complain about. Pretty solid quality across the board. Use of some 3D elements was kinda weird and not exactly appealing, but not too terrible either.. Magic and effects are pretty good, and the final episodes definitely look pretty fancy.. . ...
Haven't watched the orignial RWBY but I've always liked the aesthetic and music, I also like Shaft and I think they captured it nicely here. A few parts of the animation are really wonky and the scheduling troubles Shaft had while airing this show but when it's good, it's good! I really liked all the creative ideas they showed in Weiss' nightmare and how they used it to expand on the world building.. . This story isn't just about the girls goofing around on a new adventure in some zany winter wonderland though, it's also a setting for the girls to come to terms with who ...
There are so many things I want to say about Attack on Titan, the day has finally come where I can review this show knowing how it began to end. I have been watching this show since the very day it came out in 2013. At first, I liked the show, I thought the premise or point of the show was different/good. I think the author had some really good ideas. And there are some good pathways this author could have taken with their ideas. However, I am going to be making my review overall on the current time and what we know now. This ...
A priori I didn't feel very captivated in watching this anime after its first episode, so that made me very inattentive with episode 2 (which I watched after a long time) and thus compromising my initial understanding of the story. In short, I almost abandoned it.. . However, after giving it one more chance, I started to see nice points in the work. Its direction is different, using creative angles and scene transitions, it is a very animated anime in general and the final stretch of its first half is very interesting, with an extremely good episode. Afterwards, the anime remains regular, with some interesting mystery plays ...
I believe there are two different audiences for this anime: Those who have never read Berserk and are having their first contact with Miura's work through the anime, and the assiduous readers of the manga. The anime will vary in quality depending on which of these people you are.. . - If you've never read Berserk and that's your first contact with anything related, I think you might like the experience. . Berserk has an almost impeccable story, and the main events of the story are relatively well portrayed. In general you can have a good contact with the story and although the anime is not as impactful as ...
I used to be a huge bleach fan as a kid and I certainly have many fond memories with it. Back the I had lost interest in the final arc of the manga and thought bleach ends where anime ends for me….However, they decided to come up with the animation of final arc, a decade later and having forgotten a lot of events I had no choice but to rewatch. I thought it would be a good idea to revisit the whole anime especially since I didn’t remember a lot of things and it would be a good experience.. . I wonder if I should’ve afterall…If ...
Honestly its not BAD, but its not PERFECT either! It gives "kingsman" movie vibes! If you dont have super high expectations of an anime or just want to watch something cause youre bored, then watch it. So far imo, it gets max 6/10!. Opening and ending songs and animation are good. The overall animation is good but not perfect. The story is good but has its own flaws. (maybe its too soon to judge the whole show). I dont want to be super negative about it and say that i dont recommend it. People have different tastes, someone might enjoy it more than me. And ...
It feels like this season was full of fillers.. . Most people didn't like this season, not because of the art, music, or the plot. They didn't like it because at most 8 episodes of content are provided in 21 long episodes.. . The art and voice acting were excellent.. It is impossible to comment on the plot since you can't see the flow of a river if it is too slow.. . I gave 6 for the sake of the visuals. But if it was half the length with the same content, I would easily give an 8 or maybe a 9.. . So my suggestion is: if somehow season 4 airs ...
A light-hearted coming-of-age slice of life that you will either fall in love with or shun in disgust -- the path depends on whether you are one that can separate fiction from reality or someone that gets triggered in spite of the intentions of the offender. What I mean by this is that this show is evidently clear that the premises is based of a adolescent boy being transformed into a girl and his experiences dealing with the changes ranging from the social, physical, sexual, emotional, and the mental. The show is written with no ill intentions and this is conveyed through its light-hearted atmosphere ...
Courage is not about not being afraid, it's about the strength to face your fears, swallow your doubts, and make a decision.. . If that sounded generic to you, that's probably because it is. But generic themes can still be good if explored deeply enough in a narrative, especially if you manage to delve into somewhere less travelled. Unfortunately, this is not the case for Boku no Hero Academia in my humble opinion. But hey, animes can still be enjoyed without taking them so seriously. The problem here is that Boku no Hero Academia is an anime that does take itself quite seriously and as such ...
Only two days old and has a rating of 9.23 leagues above fmab 9.11, An one hour length short "movie" was enough to sway an entire *colossal* army into believing its the best of the best... granted it was enjoyable from beginning to end but imagine it went sour it would still be granted top 10, like demon slayer mugen movie that was decent at that and the ending fight was amazing but didn't deserve the outburst it got. Come on this isn't even the finale and fans are going mental (the first part at the time of reviewing this) imagine what rating that ...
The story mixes some elements of slice of life exploring the relationship between Hideki and Chi and also elements of mystery regarding the strange secrets regarding Chi.. . The first part is reasonably well done, with the show presenting a believable development of the relationship between the main characters, and also the relationship to the side characters. Though not particularly original, it does make you think about the societal implications of the existence of persecoms, and the side characters demonstrate various kinds of relationships and issues that could exist in such a society.. . The second part regarding the strange secrets regarding Chi is kinda trash. It's hard to ...
I fucking love JoJo, but god damn part 1 just gargles the most gargantuan, hairy and sweaty balls. Part 1 has the most bare bones characters I've ever seen, just about none of them are interesting in the least. Jonathan is so fucking boring to watch, I'd have more fun watching the new coat of paint on my wall dry. Dio is fun to watch for like five minutes before his charm of doing absurd shit just kind of wears off. It moves way too quickly so you hardly have any time to get attached to any of the characters, and most of the scenes ...
I should start by saying that it took me a long time to see Tokyo Revengers for the simple fact that it wasn't an anime that caught my attention in any way, but with so many people talking it was impossible not to watch if I wanted to have some basis to discuss on the subject.. . My biggest problem with the anime lies in the characters' complete inability to act like a human being. I am unable to believe that the protagonist Takemichi Hanagaki of 26 years is unable to manipulate 14-year-olds. The protagonist is not only almost twice the age of all the teenagers portrayed ...
There's not much to say about Nagatoro; it's light fun with more serious themes occasionally sprinkled in. It's better than most similar shows out there - because it treats its characters with more respect then the average anime romcom, which might not be saying all that much lol. The girls in particular are much more likeable than others in similar anime. I won't go into detail about why I feel this way; I am sure there are plenty reviews of the first season on this site that expand on this.. . Nonetheless, this is a rather cliche show. The first season was also more enjoyable in ...
Well I came in expecting fluffy romantic garbage and I got fluffy romantic garbage. If you’re like me and not as desensitized to anime horniness you’ll find it isn't as innocent as it’s cracked up to be but that’s honestly completely fine. This would be the part where I talk about the male gaze and while yes, this is a seinen, at the end of the day we dykes appreciate leg and boobie shots as much as any straight man. With that being said however the only thing that goes on here is making out, I don't think Yuu and Haruka even know what sex ...
This was the first anime I've ever watched so it's very nostalgic to me and it was hard rating it so low but I tried to rate it as if I didn't have a connection to it. . I really love the whole concept of a human going to school with a bunch of monsters and changing everyone's view on humans but that idea could've been done much better as a regular anime than an ecchi haram one (just imo). . The art style is absolutely GORGEOUS in both the manga AND the anime, it's easy to tell who everyone is. . All the characters have different personalities and voices ...
This anime is alright if you like slow paced. It’s not the most interesting and there is no comedy in it as what the genres were. I would say this is just a romance anime with a awkward boy and a shy girl who don’t know how they feel. Episode 9 and they still haven’t really fell in love and throughout they just do small gestures. Overall mixed feelings 😁. . There are other good romances animes out there that have more of a story and more things added to it. I would recommend a Romance anime with drama or comedy. Every now and then I pick ...
Iruma-kun was an anime that worked very well as a wonderful “Saturday Morning Cartoon” type of show. Decent comedy, action, and the lovable characters shaped what were two solid seasons. While this season did have some decent moments, it ultimately got hampered by staying in the same setting for most of the season, surrounding the Harvest Festival, which felt a very long, drawn-out arc. It moves away from the school setting, which was where the charm for me was, and into a competition of sorts between the classes. The season jumps around between characters, and balances development out for them, but it forgets what the ...
Overall, pretty interesting.. Art style good. A bit too horny for my taste. This guy just wants to touch tits man. the dog is sick though.. All the best.. - Action Bronson. . Is the story unique? If it was predictable, did you enjoy it anyway because you like this genre/set-up?. Do you think the art style is fitting for the story?. Were the characters well-rounded? Did they have flaws and strengths, or were they unusually strong/smart/stupid?. ...
The fun of the Chainsaw Man series is the absurdity and fast paced action that comes from high octane violence and dark comedy which Tatsuki Fujimoto delivers a masterclass on via the manga. However, the Chainsaw Man anime is a dry and slow paced mess compared to the source material. I never thought I would be bored watching CSM, but every episode sort of felt like a chore to get through. The animation is wonky and inconsistent, and I have to say I disliked the use of CGI. It felt lazy and out of place. The soundtrack was the worst oversight for me. A lot ...
Listen, I’m a casual anime watcher and a food video lover. I watched Food Wars for the cooking, and gave zero shits about the plot and fanservice for the most part. If that’s the way you treat food anime, this show is for you. It’s a comfort show of mine, something I put on in the background.. I’d say mild spoilers but like, tbh it’s girls eating ramen, there’s not really anything to spoil.. . Pros:. - The ramen. There’s so much of it as expected, but they also delve into the places of origin and preparation methods, nothings off the table, they try chocolate ramen at one point. ...
I dropped this anime 12 episodes in. I think this series is okay, but what made it bad for me was the logic. There are too many times when characters have terrible logic and the plot contrivances took away all suspension of disbelief and made this series unwatchable. The other issue I had with this show was the pacing. It can be painfully slow.. What I liked about it was the humor and the premise. The premise was set up well like Erased or Steins Gate. I love a scyfy power or technology that allows time travel and an MC doing it and making emotional ...
This series is another of those relaxed feel good animes, which seem to be quite en vogue right now: our protagonist, the typical blank slate male, was by mistake cursed in the last life by an unnamed god with the life fit for a major sinner. So after our hero died in hospital, he gets reincarnated by that nameless god according to his wishes in another world: he wants to live a laidback, simple life having his hands on farming. God agrees to do just that, and as bonus on top gives our hero the ability to call at will what is being named the ...
Lets get one thing out of the way: if you expect to see anyone being reborn to master any blades, you're in for a disappointment. The heroine is reincarnated as one of the few people to understand how mana works, and essentially uses that to nuke anything that gets in her way.. In her previous life she was a king, but in this life she just wants to have fun as a fighter without all that responsibility. This scenario in itself is a giant improvement over the standard isekai formula of Japanese game-playing loser reborn to live out a power/sex fantasy. The heroine is fun to ...
What drew me towards this anime was the artwork and premise, it's a newer story coming from Japan, something that may stand out and possibly open a pathway for more similar styles of art and story. Taking all context from the story, and looking only at the plot, this series is very dry and repetitive.. . Unfortunately it attempts a good meaning, but leaving the characters forgettable or confusing to tell apart from one another. Without the diversity, personality (other than being trans), and substance. Some may find it difficult to relate to many of the characters.. . On the positive notes, beautiful artwork. I love the ...
I'll keep this brief because honestly I can't think of anything profound to say about this film, which is what's especially disappointing.. . The visuals are great, as well as the music, but to me, it just felt like Josee to Tora to Sakana-tachi left a lot to be desired. The voice acting felt lackluster, the plot felt almost too simple, and worst of all for me, the characters had little to no actual characterization, nor did they feel like actual people. The lines felt too "novel-y" in a sense. Nothing felt organic. Sure, it had its profound moments and deep conversations here and there, but to ...
Demon Slayer does a lot of things really well, and others not so much. It has great animation, great soundtrack, great voice acting, and great character designs. But everything else is just meh.. . It's basically just a bunch of fights. One fight after another, with some training routines in the middle. And the fights, while animated really well, are definitely not the best. They all feel very one-sided for the main characters, despite them initially having a disadvantage. And that's because the demons don't really change. They repeatedly use the same boring attacks and get angry when Tanjirou or whoever dodges them. Some demons have really ...
I think it would thrive of a modern adaptation with new animation. It is a quick watch and the fight scenes are cool for the time and pretty gorey. If you want something like this id rather you watch boondocks, but this is just an average anime. I enjoyed the fights for what it was when I watched it but look, since animation has come this far i don't think unless you are a fan of older anime art style this might not be for you.. Samuel L Jackson is one of the voice actors if you care about that stuff. It is cool to see ...
The love interests are similar to a couple of pretty stickers, the main exception being that one might be blood-related. Honestly, the characters are more 2-D than a blank piece of paper. Five episodes into the anime the only growth we've had has been directly contradicted in the very next scene. Is the dynamic good between the two main characters? No, it sucks. Isn't it supposed to be that way so that you get to see them become closer? Maybe, but it's done badly enough that there's no way anyone would even care. Everything else about the show is perfectly okay and nothing more. The ...
What drew me towards this anime was the artwork and premise, it's a newer story coming from Japan, something that may stand out and possibly open a pathway for more similar styles of art and story. Taking all context from the story, and looking only at the plot, this series is very dry and repetitive.. . Unfortunately it attempts a good meaning, but leaving the characters forgettable or confusing to tell apart from one another. Without the diversity, personality (other than being trans), and substance. Some may find it difficult to relate to many of the characters.. . On the positive notes, beautiful artwork. I love the style, color ...
This anime is cursed. And I adore it. It's weirly wholesome & cursed at the same time. I like it, not a 10/10 masterpiece, but a good watch none the less. it has originality, and that's something I enjoyed. It was something fresh and interesting that strayed away from the usual "ecchi" animes (though I don't really find this anime to be ecchi) and various ones like it. Enjoyable, but personally not my favorite anime. The art style is refreshing and it's visually pleasing. It has rewatchability. the story is different and I found that to be exciting.. . . Overall I'd give Nazo no ...
My Dress-Up Darling toes an interesting yet ultimately unfulfilling line between its themes. Rarely is a show so crushed by the weight of its own ideas so as to skirt its way squarely outside the way of original thought. Very little was needed for this show to work, but it was just unable to reach its (actually quite average) potential. Having its cake and eating it too doesn't even begin to convey the way this show struggles to propel itself through it's short run time.. . My Dress-Up Darling is rife with cliché, but that isn't inherently a problem; sometimes a cute, inoffensive and highly cliché story ...
Dropped the show four episodes before the end. In general I think it had a lot of potential. It's adult themed for one which is a rarity these days. Abilities characters have, while exaggerated, are believable and well thought out. My only issue is the story which while present is not as obvious or interesting. Development feels rather slow but we are almost at the end of the season and not much has happened in grand scheme of things. Episode to episode events are interesting enough on their own but I wouldn't call it really good.. . Art on the other hand is fine. Backgrounds are sometimes ...
The premise of the anime itself is good, the way the story is built too, but I thought the villain was very poorly used, they used a lot of time to build and then throw everything away. What disappoints me the most are the last two episodes, it seems that the story is lost and they barely explain about the founder. Like I said before, the brute of the anime itself is great, but it falls short at the end.. . (PT-BRA) A premissa do anime em si é boa, a forma como é construída a história também, porém eu achei muito mal usado o ...
"The Eminence in Shadow" is a unique anime that subverts the conventions of the isekai genre. The story follows Cid Kagenou, a young boy who dreams of becoming a mastermind supervillain. He creates a secret organization and leads his comrades to carry out elaborate schemes while maintaining his secret identity as a normal high school student.. . The animation style of "The Eminence in Shadow" is vibrant and captures the essence of the anime's themes. The character designs are unique and memorable, and the fight scenes are well-animated and thrilling. The voice acting is also commendable. While some viewers may find the anime's premise and execution cringe-worthy, ...
At points this anime feels like a ad for random snacks, there are scenes that feel like something on a TV ad break but it makes up for it with funny characters and good comedic timing.. Even though the cast is only 5 characters they are have varying personalities so it doesn't get boring. It's average but it's a great anime to watch as a time waster.. . The romance is good, it's mildly predictable but it isn't over the top or unbelievable. Even though it feels like an ad it isn't bad enough where I'd say it isn't enjoyable by others, but it is average
just a quick review to say why i gave it only 6/10. there were moments where it approached the 8-9/10 range.. . my main issue is with the story.... and i'll summarize it like this (took me a solid hour to figure my feelings out). ... shadow exists in the shadows.......... but for what purpose exactly? he is strong... he is powerful... but to what effect? his actions are just too random.... and it frustrated me as a viewer trying to understand him and the script of this series.. . the series has ended now... and i am still wondering... just what exactly was it that was accomplished over the past ...
Definitely a good movie with super high quality, but due to some reason(baka author gone mental and anyhow plan story)the movie was cut short. More disappointed than angry after watching. So many story have yet to be told and it just end like this. If u never read manga before, this movie is of course good, but to a person who read the manga before., I am super upset and angry to the author(A-1 have done their best to save this shit). . Story Quality-10/10. Quantity-2/10. . Music 8/10. . Characters ...
After the terrible and untimely passing of his parents and younger brother, Mirai was forced to live with his violent uncle and aunt. Later, he makes the decision to terminate his life before being spared and granted a second opportunity by Nasse, one of the thirteen angels sent by God. She tells him that before the old God retires in nine hundred and ninety days, he must compete against twelve other God contenders. From this point on, Mirai must start again and determine whether or not his second shot at life is worth fighting for.. . The characteristics of the characters were all very different from one ...
25 episodes........ If there were 12, this anime would be decent,....... maybe a 6.5........ but jesus christ was there so much boring and stupid and 'funny XD so random' moments that were such a waste of time and so cringe. Maybe it's because I'm watching this in 2023 when it was made in 2008, but yeah, I'd definitely say there's so much better anime out there in this genre that's been made since. Do NOT watch this unless you're like 13. I actually feel depressed now that I've finished it, not because it's over but because I actually spent 8.5 hours of my life on ...
Strong directorial vision and truly unique visuals, but somehow ends up having a bit of a convoluted plot?. . As with most shorts, this is more of a mood piece than a narrative one. It's definitely a world that feels like it could be explored in more depth and brought to life in interesting ways. Unfortunately, Rain World decides to focus its short narrative around something which would take way more time than it has to build something meaningful out of. The incongruities kind of smother the impact of the story and its few moments of surprise (two, in total) don't really make up for that.. . It's still ...
First of all I have to say, I know this is H of the Josei genre and therefore its audience is mature girls. However I will comment it from a male perspective. Because anyway, H is still H, it's about sex. That's it. That's the main thing. And anyone can talk about it.. It can be said that the art of this series is an extremely disappointing point. The lines and movements of the character are like an expired plotter. If the art is that bad then it's better to read the manga. The last song is not my style either. I don't think they should ...
Oh come on.... . ---Story---. 'Ore no Kanojo to Osananajimi ga Shuraba Sugiru' (Oreshura for short) is a romantic comedy harem anime about a small club formed to help female students become popular. This club, however, slowly shifts into a group of female students who want to date Eita, our main character.. . ---Art---. The art is very bright and cheerful. The animation is pleasant to watch and there was never anything I would classify as poor quality.. . ---Character---. Easily the best part of the series, and no doubt why you'll keep watching more. No character feels two-dimensional (ironic), and it's a blast watching them interact with Eita and with eachother throughout the ...
It's good. It's not the show-stopping, revelatory, be-all-end-all show the anime culture train at large would have you believe it is, but it's still good at the end of the day.. . Animation is stellar. Reminds me of 90s animation where things can be static sometimes, but when the characters move, boy is it dripping with expression.. . Action is good. Wild scenes, hyper violent, your usual modern dose of cgi, etc.. . Characters are a mixed bag. Most of them are assholes, selfish or apathetic, but they at least make it entertaining. I think this show is a perfect example of how die hard weebs can find moe in literally ...
Akame ga Kill! is its well-developed cast of characters. The protagonists are members of an elite group of assassins, each with their unique skills and personalities. The main character, Tatsumi, is a likable and relatable hero who is easy to root for. Meanwhile, the other members of Night Raid are a diverse group of characters with compelling backstories and motivations.. . The action sequences in Akame ga Kill! are also top-notch. The fight scenes are expertly choreographed and always leave you on the edge of your seat. The use of unique weapons and abilities by each character makes for some exciting battles that keep the viewer engaged.. . Furthermore, ...
I got to episode 4 before putting this anime on hold. Why?. . Cause it's kinda boring.... . I feel bad though, because this is something that I know some folks will enjoy, and that is totally fine. It's why I tagged it mixed feelings. I don't hate it. I just don't have the patience to watch the story unfold at a snails pace. Over all, the series is more wholesome and laid back than I thought, but I guess you really have to take a leap of imagination to enjoy it. You might say duhh there's vampires, of course you have to have some suspense of belief.. . No, ...
It was a fun show! Loved the intro, but it felt like it didn’t match the overall vibe of the show since no action was occurring until the end. Overall, very easily emphatic characters and it did caused me to tear up ! Fine show :) 7/10! Watch it if you want, but it’s definitely not a classic and it’s not a must-watch. If you watch this show, you will have a fun time and seeing the characters figure things out for themselves will also be an interesting experience. It’s not much of a shocker, except for the first episode, but it’s not entirely predictable ...
Engage Kiss (2022). . Can you binge this? Yes. Should you? I perhaps should not have.. . The show tries to be deep and hard about demons and morals and fighting them through sacrifices but then it's just a harem. Even turns out Shuu isn't that nice a guy either but at least he has progressed 5000% more than most other harem protagonists and his sister... get this... she wants to be just his sister. That shouldn't be such a shock but here we are.. . The art is pretty good but also sucks. Imagine showing a Cobra helicopter from the outside correctly but inside with side-by-side seats.. . The sound ...
Karakai Jouzu no Takagi-san Movie (2022). . Not the ending we wanted but the one we got. This seems to have adapted its own version of how to end things from what I remember of the manga. The writers also seemed to have forgotten about the teasing and let two very young characters become a serious romance.. . The art looks fantastic for its style, it is very similar to what we are used to and that is perfect.. . The sound is pretty impactful when it needs to be and has a lot of nice tear-jerking cues from the soundtrack.. . Characters if you don't know them you don't ...
Isekai Quartet Movie: Another World (2022). . I get it for being cute and funny and bringing various shows together to make a comedy mashup. I wish it was done in the style of Fate/Grand Carnival because at least they look for the most part just fun versions of serious characters.. . For example, we have the Shield Hero who one-minute fights rape allegations, is in a harsh unforgiving world and then it's like let's make cakes and work together team! It just doesn't feel right in that sense. Tanya is a cruel, evil, sadistic monster but it is fine she looks cute now.. . The art is Chibi ...
Akira (1988). . A great film for its time but one that has just aged badly, it doesn't quite match up with the other greats of its generation. Being around the time I played Cyberpunk 2077 I had high hopes pf this being that sort of film, it was but also wasn't.. . The story is simple enough to follow with the usual obsession in Japan of it is always children doing these things, never could we have adults doing anything more than a normal job. If adults do the stuff the children do they are always much worse at doing it as you see here.. . The art ...
This will be a two part review, evaluating the work as an original story and as an adaptation.. . The general plot of Changye Kaita Zhe (Blade of Dawn, original WN chinese name is LiMing ZhiJian which directly translates to Blade/Sword of Dawn) is: a relatively well-educated man from Earth, after death, is isekai'd into the AI of some observation satellite over an unknown planet. There he observes this unknown planet for hundreds of thousands of years before damage to the satellite activates a preservation program that beams the MC's now AI consciousness into the body of Ga-wen, an ancient pioneer that died 700 years ago. ...
Sword Art Online Season 2. . . . For the first time, this season of Sword Art Online has made me watch at least the first arc with interest. The Phantom Bullet arc was far from perfect, but it had a captivating concept. If a more capable writer had taken this on, you could make an entire anime out of the "Death Gun" killer alone. Unfortunately, it's only been barely above average here. This is where Sword Art Online takes distance from its harem concept and presents the omnipotent Kirito-kun in a whole new light. This season is practically all about how 2 teenagers haunted by trauma, face their ...
This series have many annoying characters, and I can only watch it after 32 eps, after it, I fastforward the story until I find what I want, yeah the love interest between Yawara Inokuma and Kosaku Matsuda, U must wait until the sequel movie so that two end up together. Oh yeah, the first annoying character is Jigoro... Jigoro's very upset to yawara to win his ambition to get gold medal in olympics.... Second is that yawara self, she denied judo many times and ended up with doing it again and again... And in love, how could you love that kazamatsuri man... Hmm. Third is kazamatsuri shinnosuke, that ...
I can say a lot of stuff, good and bad, regarding this anime, however one thing is for sure: if you are old to the anime scene, you have seen and re-seen the plot of Kemono Jihen in another tens, if not hundreds of anime.. . A kid is taken under the protective arm of an older character, so much wiser and powerful then he seems; there, the kid befriends other two characters with similar backgrounds like him and together with the help of others, try to elucidate a mystery or another.. . I am not saying is a bad plot, the anime is structured in a ...
I felt so happy when I discovered this OVA. I can't describe how exactly I felt, it felt like your favorite show that you've watched two or three times has another episode that you haven't seen yet.. So when I first discovered this OVA an hour ago I went to buy ice cream then took a shower to prepare both physically and mentally.. . Honestly, I have mixed feelings about this OVA. During the first half of the episode I felt betrayed disappointed and I basically thought this wasn't the Kayguya-sama I know.. However, during the second half I felt kind of nostalgia although I watched the ...
Mii-kun more like Miid-kun. . Cheap animation, some good laughs, very cute, but forgets what kind of show it was trying to be. Unnecessary melodrama in the second half that serves no purpose. It's thoroughly adorable and there are some nice background details with some of the characters even if the budget probably wasn't all that high. Out of the main (human) cast, only two characters have anything to do with anything and everyone else is dead weight. Sora and Kamiya start off like good friends but towards the end of the show act more like a couple in a failing marriage with the latter flying off ...
When I wrote my review for the first season, I admitted that I would’ve been perfectly content with the story stopping at this fine soft conclusion. I feel we all, characters and viewers, had endured enough suffering. But we are thrown back into the ring because of the success of the previous season.. . Simply put, this is just not as enjoyable as the first season. The animation and source material does not compete. Unfortunately, establishing a connection with new characters seems much more difficult.. . Fushi is becoming overly ethereal at this point. It’s come to the point where the surrounding characters are only developing because of ...
PROS:. + fluffy alternate universe (AU) for more SOS shenanigans. + references to the main series.... + everyone's in character.... . NEUTRAL:. ~ aimed at Yuki/Kyon shippers.... . CONS:. - ... feel half-baked in this AU. ...
I don't remember the last time I've seen an actual Mario cartoon, but I stumbled upon this anime that works with the Terebikko phone. First of all, I believe this video came from a VHS tape and second, I never had a Terebikko phone because they don't have it here in America. While I was watching this (with English subtitles) I noticed that there are two responses for the right and wrong answers (the voice actors imitate the noises with *Ding ding ding* or *Behh* rather than putting in the actual sound effect). Also, when a character picks up the phone (either Mario, Luigi, or ...
Generally, I would prefer to wait the season to end before jumping into conclusions, but for this one its pretty clear how better this story could be if they didn't follow the most cliche senseless villain spawning shit possible.. What the first season portrayed, was how Anos didn't give a shit for the war outcome for him and just wanted some peace for the world, the anime didn't really gave much personality or true main character spotlight for him after that because Anos was there just to help the other characters, continue the plot and have his badass moments. I feel really sad on how Misha ...
Well this anime was extremely uncomfortable, the story was good and hit close to home with a lot of things. I couldn't possibly recommend this even though I liked it quite a lot. It's in a gray area to me, I liked it because it made me feel something even though it wasn't a warm and fuzzy feeling and that's really all I can ask for in a story. The story is well written just the ick factor of everything has it where I can't casually recommend this to a friend. I think if you like yuri, but are tired of the same hyper happy ...
Generally speaking when picking anime to view I’ll read the summary and watch the intro. For some reason I chose to do neither for this anime, and simply said “that’s a cool pic I’ll watch it” and 12 episodes and a week later I’m done with it.. . I thought the first 50% of the show was boring for lack of a better word. It was not until they started explaining the background and why the main female character was the way she was that the show had any sort of interest. Sadly even the darker more emotional second half of this 12 episode show wasn’t enough ...
I'm just finished watching this and I am still trying to process what the hell I just watched. This is the most bizzare piece of anime or thing in general I've ever experienced and probably will ever experience. It has no consistency cutting abruptly from one surreal piece of image to the next. And almost having nothing to do with Elvis besides occasionally flashing his face. Music wise it consists of bizzare sounds that kinda fit with the almost nightmareish vibe of the whole thing. The art consist of pop art and cut outs of Elvis, americana, and bizzare erotica. Overall this is feels like ...
For what is is, a soapy romance anime, it’s good. It’s about doing things in the present so your future self doesn’t regret the past. I couldn’t get an emotional link with the characters. The main character and love interest are both very often sad about their choices. It’s a heavy show to watch if you have any regrets, but the story lacks substance in my opinion. I do like the general message though. I don’t really know why I started it, I don’t really care for the genre. But it’s alright and if you like stuff like Ouran High School Host Club, you’ll probably ...
This is the most generic shit I've ever seen. This show is like a game completely made out of Unity-assests. It has nothing going for it. The characters look the same as in other shows from this studio like Higehiro. The main protagonist is an actual NPC and has not a single thing that makes him different than other rom-com MCs. I feel like I have seen this anime 10 times before just with minor changes.. . The opening is so lazy made and the ending is Chiisana Koi no Uta which was the ending theme for like 3 other shows I've seen and I haven't even ...
A typical complaint from me is that a beloved story or a well-crafted plot gets a poor anime production, or the anime just doesn't live up to the hype. For Ingress the Animation, I felt like the animation part was fine, but it was in dire need of a better story. And there you have a basic problem for any movie or anime based on a video game. What makes a good video game does not usually make for a good anime or movie.. . I don't play video games, and I've never heard of Ingress the Game. But I do watch anime. This anime is a ...
Brazilian portuguese:. Bom, eu não entendo muito de romance, mas esse anime me fez criar um certo interesse por tal gênero, claro que como sou homem fico torcendo para o anime puxar mais o lado do echii, resumidamente 2 meninas se apaixonam pelo protagonista e que eventualmente se tornam irmãos, gosto bastante desse “sem enrolação” onde os problemas são resolvidos com certa rapidez, e que não precisam de vários episódios para resolver um único problema secundário, o último episodio quase conseguiu arrancar uma lagrima de mim e acredito eu que há espaço para uma segunda temporada, quero muito explorar mais tal area desse genero, pois o ...
I have delayed watching this show for far too long simply due to some reviews which gave me the feeling I would dislike it. They were half-right. First 15 or so episodes were silly and full of holes but pretty satisfying to watch. Then all of that ended and story switched up. Or that is to say, jumped the shark. As I don't want to go into spoilers territory I'll avoid talking about details, but boy did it disappoint.. . Gotta say, art was pretty good throughout the show. I liked animation, lighting, backgrounds. Sound was meh. Characters are solid but still predictable, however they must be ...
Zero kara Hajimeru Mahou no Sho is located in the Fantasy / Magic / Witches genre and the plot is about a conflict between humans and witches.. . Not the most creative stuff I have seen but lets give it a shot.. . At the beginning I was quite positive.. . The hero party seemed to be the biggest positive of the show. All three characters are pretty likeable and especially in the first 3-4 episodes they show some good chemistry and its enjoyable see them traveling through the world.. . But this is where the positive aspects almost end.. . The story is the biggest weakness. At the moment ...
English:. Honestly, I'm starting to explore these animes aimed at high IQ protagonists, I don't think it's a waste of time, because every great move he makes brings along a thought "could I have realized this?". the anime is not really focused on animation but there are some moments that get chills, the story even had a good explanation but in the end a gang appears that had not been introduced and does not say how they found out about the game, in fact finally an anime of the kind that is not at all absurd like betting your life and the like. “anime 7/10 is very worth ...
Each story has a different art style and they are not connected, so viewer doesn´t have to watch all the shorts. I´m putting mixed feeling since I don´t think they work being put thogether in one video. I reccomend watching them sepreparetly and not in one go.. . Here are my thoughs on the short stories:. . The Secret Princess – basic anime style story. It was funny but that´s it.. . Gyrosopter – nice music interesting art style – doesn´t have a story but still works beautifully.. . Amusement Park Kiss – very cute kind of gives me old short movies (Disney) vibes.. . Beyond the Tears ...
When I try to describe this movie, the word 'premature' comes to mind. It has all the right ingredients: characters we know and love, a beautiful setting, and an interesting antagonist. However, the execution is somewhat lacking, as I'll explain.. . Firstly, the characters were fun to watch and the two Pretty Cure teams actually had some nice interactions - like seeing what they have in common. This is a huge step up from the Healin' Good movie, where the crossover cures only appeared when plot demanded it. Erika got the most focus respectively, but the senpai cures unfortunately didn't bond much. The main character is, perhaps ...
This anime had some potential, but...I just think it missed the mark.. . The main character never really appealed to me at all. I cared about her the least of any of the characters in the show. She's bright, and sunny, and everybody loves her. She can do everything, be everything, always saves the day, etc. etc. She's boring. I didn't care about her at all. Some of the other characters were a little interesting, but you really don't learn enough about them to care too much about them by the end.. . The story was interesting at times, but other times it dragged on. I think if there ...
“Grenadier: The Beautiful Warrior” is what happens when You’ve read “Trigun” and think “Hmm… What if Vash had huge breasts, zero to no drama and didn’t have a crippling donuts addiction?” It’s an anime about an overpowered, blonde bombshell gunslinger with a huge bosom, a pretty useless sword slinging companion and their journey to set the wrongs of the world right.. If You think that is an oversimplification of the anime…. . For most of the anime the main cast consists of:. Rushuna Tendou - blonde, busty gunslinger with a soft spot for taking baths. Her weapon of choice is a six-shot revolver but she prefers using it ...
Lots of mixed feelings about this series, the concept is good but it's filled with wasted potential.. . My opinion is that this series definitely suffered because it focused so much on the yokai side of things while neglecting the human aspect despite the fact that our protagonist is 3/4 human and only 1/4 yokai. The only time I ever felt invested was whenever the human characters aka Rikuo's mom and the Kiyojuji squad, were on screen.. . They're always a breath of fresh air considering how much time is spent being suffocated under the oversaturation of the arrogant and honestly unlikable yokai of the Nura clan.
Show was a good enjoyable watch and I had high hopes for it…. until the last 2 ep. The first 23 ep were pretty good and all the characters had a pretty good dynamic with one another. I was enjoying it till the end. The ending felt very rushed and it didn’t seem to know where it was going. Had me rolling my eyes and gagging at how cringe and forced it felt, nothing made any sense. I would rate it higher if the ending didn’t ruin it. Decent show to pass the time but can’t say it’s as good as I expected it ...
It could have been a nice, humourous Ecchi/Harem anime, if it had been given the proper time to develop. The characters are nice, the Yamada jokes are not that bad, the MCs do have some chemistry, but it sort of feels as if they tried to cram 24 or more episodes onto one short season, in a way that even someone who hasn't read the manga knows that there's a lot missing. I really dislike the way they tried to cover important plot points with flashbacks and just randomly insert background information like the whole "Our Majesty" thing with Futaba that had not been previously ...
Right from the beginning, it's nothing I would be amazed of, although I don't think it deserves a score this small.. . In order to find some hidden gem, I came across this piece. Unfortunately, it wasn't a gem as I originally thought. It was more of a conglomeration of fast pacing and a leaky script. Maybe to mention that it was made by Madhouse, so it wasn't that bad, because Madhouse is generally known for spawning a masterpiece next to a masterpiece. But there is no space to relativize it here.. No wonder. This show was less than an hour long so they couldn't cram ...
Nana has too much plot armor. She was found out at the very beginning, and many times later, but still survives because of the stupidity of her enemies. Anyone who finds her guilty are just too dumb to do anything about it. They aren't even scared at the idea that they could die in their sleep. For that reason I believe this anime's characters suck and ruin the experience, but most anime watchers will enjoy it so give it a try. This is because it relates to popular media around today, like Among us and my Hero Academia. Also, the artwork is great in both ...
This film did not have the Re: zero magic for me. It's really nothing other than emilia and puck moments. Note I watched this film after season 2 part 1 and part 2, so I already kinda know what happens in the movie. In any case, the antagonist, Melaquera is straight garbage. Like I could probably come up with a better one in 5 minutes. If you haven't seen season 2 part 2, then the movie will probably be better. It's probably best worth watching after season 1. There isn't an explanation of why the witch is bad either. Overall, not impressed, animation was good ...
Feeling very mixed on this one, tbh. I've never had any contact with the cyberpunk 2077 sphere, never played the games and never really knew anything about it except for its existence. But I'd heard good things about this series and it looked fun so I wanted to check it out.. . Art 9/10.. This looks great, it has a very distinct style, the fights are fluid and fun, the character designs are all interesting and unique so you can recognize each of the important characters by their silhouette alone. Only 9 out of 10 because I didn't like the design for the cyberpsychosis and that ...
I do recommend this for watching if you're looking for an interesting story, but you will have mixed feelings. It does improve at episode 8 so set that as your limit if you're unsure.. . The major problem is the mix of poor and extremely good writing. About half of the writing is simple and cliché, but everything related to the grander plot and the forces behind it is remarkably well written. That difference is jarring, but it's what intrigued me and motivated me to continue watching.. . Although the story focuses on the group, all but the main 2 characters are flat and lacking any backstory or motivation. ...
Even as a huge SAO fan, this movie was a big disappointment.. . STORY: 5/10. This movie skips over floors 2,3,4 and starts at the beginning of floor 5. In my opinion, the story was very mediocre, uninteresting, and unfocused. The movie was trying to cram way too much stuff in 90 minutes of runtime. First off it's trying to establish Kirito and Asuna's romantic relationship. For the most part it's doing an ok job at this, but I personally didn't like how their relationship developed in this movie. Then it's also trying to introduce us to Argo (information broker), which it does poorly since they don't ...
If you're not into blatant, shameless fanservice being tossed around every episode of an anime, then Onimai is for SURE not for you.. . In Onimai there's literally fanservice in every crevice of the show, and it gets super uncomfortable. I was taken aback when I suddenly saw Mahiro's ass thrust into my face in the opening song when I first saw it, and the more it happened the more desensitized I got to it. There's just a bit too much fanservice, and the fact that all of the characters ESPECIALLY Mahiro look like 9 year olds doesn't really make it any better. Although, I feel like ...
Here me out about this one, I don't think an anime has to be truly good to be enjoyable. I'm sure we all have that show or movie that we know isn't a work of art or revolutionary material but we still enjoy it despite its many flaws. "Ningen who's title is too long for anyone to type out" is, in my opinion, that type of show. Its flaws are countless but I believe the premise has a lot of heart within it. Four ragtag mismatched individuals, each with their own flaws and bad habits form a group and become pillars for each other to ...
I've been kind of worried about Makoto Shinkai's works since Tenki no ko as it's apparent in which direction he aims at with each new movie. Same concepts, new setting. They're becoming repetitive.. . So if you're really looking for something completely new and fresh you won't find it here but if you're okay with knowing what's going to await you and are just here because you're a huge fan of his or want to immerse yourself in a beautiful world that has a touch of Shinkai's charme, you're good!. . While still extremely beautiful visually with awesome direction, I just can‘t fully enjoy his movies as I always ...
As an isekai about a man transformed into a sword, this show was immediately elevated by not having the protagonist as the main hero of the story. As a (mostly) inanimate object, he can only ever be a supporting character, which means that we can avoid the worst tropes of this genre. He isn't over-powered, he doesn't have a sex slave or a harem, and his abilities exist in service of the story rather than the centrepiece. In fact, I don't even know why this needs to be an isekai at all, as his previous life has no bearing on the story as told in ...
If you haven't seen the original Trigun, go watch it. It has aged beautifully.. Trigun Stampede doesn't understand pacing, story, or character.. It makes Vash into a depressed boy from episode one and doesn't even try to be its own thing. The show expects you to have seen the original.. . It blows its load in its first episode, spoon-feeding everyone Vash and his brother's origins. Meryl has been neutered to hiding behind the grizzled old veteran trope character. Vash was a goofy character hiding his dark past, a slap-stick character managing to eek out wins despite the odds.. . Vash in the reboot gives off immense ...
If there's just one simple way to describe Evangelion 3.0+1.0, it is that the final movie of the Rebuild tetralogy is one heck of an "optimistic mess". I'll try to give brief thoughts as I go, but I'm sure this will devolve into a jumbled mess as well.. . The Rebuild tetralogy was billed as a way for newcomers to the Evangelion series to experience what many of us did with the original NGE series and End of Evangelion. Nothing could be further from the truth. The Rebuild series can only be holistically understood with its predecessors. What's even worse is that one particular character introduced in ...
[TL;DR: A largely forgettable moe blob. The art and animation is great, the music is nice, the humor is hit-and-miss but at least has some original ideas. Sadly, the MC is extremely annoying, the other characters are cardboard tropes and the story is formulaic, cookie-cutter snoozefest. Throw it on if you have nothing better to watch, you might get a few laughs out of it, but don't expect an earth-shattering experience.]. . At first, I was very confused when I watched Bocchi the Rock!, for many reasons. This is a series of the seasonal lineup you simply couldn't avoid, pictures, videos, memes were slapping me across the ...
Do not go into watching this show expecting it to be a ground-breaking, revolutionary romance. At its core it does one thing and does that one thing well which is to give you two characters that build a romantic connection with each other through a series of coincidental interactions.. . The show does allude to underlying drama with one of our MCs but it leans much more to the romance side and almost seems like that drama is pushed aside and forgotten. Other than that there really isn't anything particularly special.. . This show is pure wholesomeness and feels like a well needed breather from all of the shounen, ...
As being a nerd.. and still am, this anime was enjoyable... but moving on to the actual review this show has so many mixed feelings for me personally...!. Story - (4/10). The story, starts of really great, I enjoyed everything, and the "nerd" genre was used fairly and it did not feel too dragged out... well until later at least. Like, you see, this anime at some point started to feel too re-used and boring at the same point, and the "nerd" genre started to feel FLAT OUT, they did not even use the "nerd" genre, and rather "i just want a good life" trope instead, ...
( . .)φ__ hinamatsuri is a fun show if that's what you're looking for﹗however, is it something i would recommend to people? based on the naked minors.. my answer would be, probably not. unless you can somehow.. ignore that.. and other inappropriate adult jokes of preteens— so heads up﹗now with that out of the way— you'd think it'd at least excel in humor from all the reviews; but it's nothing unique and you're better off watching a different anime¿ the jokes are funny in a questionable way but not enough for it to actually send you into a fit of laughter. by the end of ...
5 Centimeters per Second was an amazing movie. I am being critical due to movies such as Koe no Katachi and Kimi no na Wa existing but 5 centimeters per second is nice. But my biggest gripe with this movie is, the story does not match the level of quality that the animation does. No spoilers, but the ending is amazing and all but the rest of the story takes a stroll in the park per se. I am a big fan of Makoto Shinkai's recent works in the past 5 years and this movie is really a stepping stone for him when it came ...
It's a great, one of a kind show, that does its own thing and still stands out after all this time... It's a precious gem for about 11 episodes, but after that it rapidly and consistently declines into levels that can only be described as ''parody'' of its own material, which includes everything except the music -because it is reused from earlier work.. . You can skip after finishing 11, the movie is ok.. . -------------. This review needs more information!. . Here are a few ideas of what you may want to include:. . Is the story unique? If it was predictable, did you enjoy it anyway because you ...
Don't get me wrong, this isn't a bad show. But I've seen enough anime to where I can tell where the plot/schtick of the series was gonna go, and a quick google search confirmed it as well. If you're lookin for a brain-off gag anime based on the guy being a chuuni and OP and hiding his identity while accidentally building a harem, go for it. It sticks in that pocket and doesn't try to be anything else, which for some people might be a good thing. For me, it just got boring real fast.. . Animation and whatnot ain't that bad though rather generic. Soundtrack ...
This kind of show, with so many ongoing and interleaving threads, is hard to review on the first viewing... I expect with a rewatch it would be so much more rewarding.. . Right from the outset you're bombarded with all these characters and ongoing stories, and you're just going to feel overwhelmed by the sheer scope of the plot. Stick with it as it wildly cuts between story threads and it will all magically piece itself together by the end. It's not all that different from a mystery novel where the detective gathers everyone around, recounting the events and tying the clues together, to make their big ...
Now you may be asking me, Fang_Tooth, what IS Canimals? why are you reviewing Canimals, a Korean children's show similar to Bananya about creatures who are part TIN-CAN part ANIMAL? what is this about? is it good? outstanding, even?. . well putting it straight if you grew up with children's television in Australia you may indeed know of this show.. . Canimals is a nearly completely silent children's show with barely any dialogue whatsoever between the canimals, which can be watched by anyone without subtitles (in the version that aired outside of korea at least, the korean version itself is a tad different). it's entirely episodic and usually focused on ...
Well, sometimes we manage to surf in the people, so it's time for BOCCHI.. . Finally, after some difficult exams, I can take a look at the new band anime with cute girls, that have manage to make everything that make k-on! Important in 3 months.. . So the music is alright, the plot is ok, and interactions are interesting for the LAST 3 episodes, don't blame people, it is intentional that they make this, for that way. And the most important, the comedy, that surprise me, they make shitpost, with classic comedy.. . Bocchi the rock, is an enjoyable anime, but it's no for all; Need a 2 season, with ...
When I first started this show, I saw all the reviews and expected more or less an edgy power fantasy. Now although I have yet to finish this show, I am already noticing what the other reviewers have criticized about. However, I believe that the low ratings are somewhat u deserved.. . For some background, I am a native Chinese speaker that lived in China for much of my childhood; and as a native speaker, I can tell you for a fact, that whoever the subtitle writer was for this show should be fired. I’m not sure if this is what it feels like for the Japanese ...
Having read the manga for a good while, this anime is... well it's here. From what I've seen so far it gets the points across and is pretty faithful in tone.. . But honestly that's where the good things I have to say end. I really, really enjoy the manga but this fails it quite a bit. The art is honestly terrible, scenes routinely look awkward and it's clear the animators have no idea how to draw faces from middle distance. The details that make the manga's art stand out, like Lieselotte's prominent eyelashes for example, just aren't present and the characters just look a bit off.. . The ...
It's not necessarily a bad show, but when the plot wasn't about the platonic relationship between a mermaid and a human and instead about the relationships between a bunch of mermaids, I really didn't enjoy the show. Yes, the whole point is "holy moly! mermaids are real!" but none of the mermaids are really that interesting, nor do they add anything to the (non-existent) plot of the show. The mermaids don't contrast each other well, even if acting slightly different they all share INCREDIBLY similar personalities, making a great majority of the main characters pointless other than having the watcher experience some ounce of shock ...
It's not just a slice of life, it's about the first steps into adulthood.. . In the very first episode, we see what it's like to start your own business, to be part of a new community, and then in the following ones to change other people's lives out of simple charity. This does not stop others from trying to destroy your business, con you or eat you alive with debts. Kindness is not enough, in this life you gotta be smart.. . One of the disadvantages of not keeping up with several anime during the season, regardless of the score, is to miss certain adaptations that hide some ...
The story started quite interestingly, but then there were just waaaaaaaaay too many inconsistencies.. Like... they water scarce, yet they are surrounded by water (snow) there is a sea, and sea monsters too. Like seriously how can they not have enough water, when they are swimming in water and snow.. Even if they lost their advance technology, you can still distill water from sea water, or simply melt the snow to get water.. So, this was a major negative that breaks the anime for me.. . Then there is the very poor computer animated poor quality CGI, instead of the normal hand drawn animes, yes all never anime are still ...
Until now the anime's production earned a reputation of making miracles come true. It was impressive how much of a well-done adaptation Season 3 was considering the various production hurdles. This 'movie' would look like an even harsher challenge, since the announcement frankly came out of nowhere and it was delivered so quickly after season 3. For the most part, this release looks like another miracle. However, this time there are parts of the adaption that have been lackluster and some that are pretty bad.. . I won't go into specifics in order to avoid spoilers. But basically, the movie is mainly adapting an arc of the ...
I was about to add this anime to my favourites but after this season I changed my mind. The writers way of thinking is understandable, but it made me sad and now I think that this season has an unnecessarily high score.. . There was a lot of fillers, and I find the story in this season mediocre at best. Besides some hype moments, it was boring. I enjoyed the first season much more than this, it showed a much more simpler, logical and clear image for a classroom setup and I admired the ideas and life advices behind it.. . Yes it's not the common opinion ...
https://youtu.be/9W8iAfHKHw8. . The actual score would be a 5 but it's a music video montage, so as my LN scores I took out a rating that does not correlate with the review.. . Pros: Sound. Cons: Dated graphics though it is 15 years old. I can't find a sub/dub but I don't think that's necessary considering it reminds me of an OP/CP of a series. Animation is dated though it is 15, at the time of writing, years old, though some of the styles remind me of the early '00s and late '90s. You do see some, although briefly, anime boobs. Not much to say is it worth 8 minutes...sure, why ...
[No Spoiler Review]. . Disclaimers: I only watched the first three episodes after blindly browsing anime on Netflix. I've never read or encountered the manga, nor heard anyone discuss this anime. This is not typically my genre (fighting for the sake of spectacle anime/tournament-themed anime) so my having dropped it is pretty much a given.. . Pros:. - The visuals are very pretty, even if they're nothing exceptional. - The designs of each of the Gods are incredible.. - Brunhilde is cool and I regret not watching further simply to see more of her story and motivations develop.. - There's a hint of in-fighting with the whole second-class half-god/half-humans thing going ...
Story:. The show doesn't really have a story, which is ok for an episodic comedy anime, if you manage to make the episodes funny, which this anime didn't really do. A lot of the skits just felt boring and repetitive, with a couple of exceptions. If you're into multiple really short skits than this is the anime for you.. Characters:. The main characters felt bland, lacking in personality, which definitely doesn't help the viewer in getting invested in wathever is happening. The side characters were the saving grace of the show: they had some funny recurring jokes like literature girl, and were probably the only reason why i ...
This is a movie about a time traveling love story between two teenagers. Mitsuha is a girl with a dull life in the country side, and Taki is a boy with a fast paced life in Tokyo, and one day, they find themselves inexplicably switching bodies.. . This movie does some things well, and a lot of things poorly. The plot itself is well paced and deftly crafted, if a little flighty at times, but the issues are with the characters themselves and what they do. Individual character development is pretty solid, but their interactions with each other at times are not. There's really not much of ...
Watch the first 9 episodes and stop. The first 9 episodes are 10/10 the last 3 ruin the rest of the brilliance that is this anime. It goes from light hearted fun to trying to drill some twisted dramatic plot and completely ruins the humor and fun of the show. I can't believe I enjoyed what felt like the first 3 seasons cause every to or three episodes feels like a season. you'll see. but the 4th killed it for me.. . The story is not quite unique as we have other animes that do the villainess thing and do it well but this does take ...
Here we go with another super trashy show that I kinda enjoyed even though it’s still pretty trash.. . Part of the reason I enjoyed it was its unique protagonist. We’ve had plenty of villain protagonists in anime, but most of them are acting for “THE GREATER GOOD” or for “JUSTICE.” This one is just “Screw it. The so-called heroes did vile shit to me so I’m gonna do vile shit to them back.” He’s twisted and definitely not a role model, but audiences can still kinda sympathize with him, especially those who have experienced sexual assault themselves. There’s a certain catharsis that we get when ...
Sasuraiger might hold the record for the western anime release to go out of print the fastest, being available for less than a month before Discotek discontinued the J9 Trilogy of which this is the final series (though no prior knowledge of the other two shows is required, since they're only a trilogy in a loose sense). So the questions fans of 80s mecha shows may be asking themselves are: should you be kicking yourself for missing out, and is it worth paying horrific scalper prices for? Read on and draw your own conclusions.. . The premise is interesting in theory: turn Around the World in 80 ...
Shinobi no Ittoki is a decent anime, undeserving of the current baseline 6 rating.. Animation is surprisingly apt and developed, music is okay and characters are not tropey. Story starts small and ends up being interesting enough.. Not once have I cringed while watching (except for the goofy OP song that does not fit with the show vibe at all). The rhythm of dialogues and events is not trite at all, but pleasantly thought out, a nice quality of original animes.. There's a conspicuous amount of drama and emotional moments, I almost shed a tear in the final.. Yet, I can't help but feel like something is lacking. Maybe ...
My overall enjoyment of M!IK is rather mixed in-between. First round were typical school life with your "demon" friends, then the next would bounce onto unnecessary forceful attempts of a busty student council president to romance our innocent lead who only wants friends.. . Can't believe I'm saying this but if they only made Ameri as a love interest, 𝗺𝘆 𝗿𝗲𝘀𝗽𝗲𝗰𝘁 𝘄𝗶𝘁𝗵 𝘁𝗵𝗶𝘀 𝘀𝗲𝗿𝗶𝗲𝘀 𝘄𝗼𝘂𝗹𝗱 𝗯𝗼𝗱𝘆𝘀𝗹𝗮𝗺𝗺𝗲𝗱 𝗶𝗻𝘁𝗼 𝘁𝗵𝗲 𝗮𝗯𝘆𝘀𝘀.. . Aside from my outmost 𝗱𝗶𝘀𝗴𝗿𝗮𝗰𝗲𝗳𝘂𝗹 of a girlboss queen, the rest of the cast were good. Most of them were one-sided, but it makes sense for a comedy and they were far more entertaining, especially 𝗔𝘀𝗺𝗼𝗱𝗲𝘂𝘀, 𝗖𝗹𝗮𝗿𝗮, 𝗞𝗮𝗹𝗲𝗴𝗼, 𝗦𝘂𝗹𝗹𝗶𝘃𝗮𝗻, ...
Amazon's targeted suggestions got the best of me on this one. I purchased the blu-ray for this without ever having heard of it previously because its Limited Edition was available at a steep discount. Now having actually watched it, it really wasn't too bad at all. Reviewing comedy anime in particular is challenging because humor is so personal and subjective and what might have one person rolling on the floor choking on their laughter may not even amuse another, or hell it may even outright annoy them. My subjective reaction to the humor in this particular anime is that it was inoffensive and occasionally worthy ...
I'm not the type to write every review of every anime I watched but sometimes I just need to review a few that deserves a bit of attention. This sports anime isn't entirely bad but it's the kind of sport you don't see every day. I bet some, if not all, have heard of it before one time in our life but never paid any attention to it because of obvious reasons, like it's a very old sport and not very popular.. . The story is simple. The MC gets dragged into joining a sport called kabaddi and helps them play on national. The characters are ...
It's a waste.. Chinese is way too cacofonix for me but that's a personal opinion and therefore is difficult to find a good sub to it.. Overall voice acting is bad and bland all the way to the end.. It is indeed true that there's no recall to why or when or how this guy was sent in another world and considering that the whole serie seems like a "patchwork" because also power ups that normally are hyped in anime, in this one are just bland training session where mostly you don't even realize MC has been training or learning anything.. The story and the MC themselves could've been ...
Currently (episode 7) I have found the story to be a good continuation from a series which is amazing even though it has drifted away from the action in the first season.. However, there has been some changes between season 1 and 2 which I can see being questionable. For instance, the style of animation has change and now seems like every show produced by mappa has the same style, which isn’t inherently bad however it also feels like some of the scenes don’t have the same love as others. There has been scenes where the animation and characters movements are so stiff and robotic ...
Summertime Rendering has one of the single greatest premises to a mystery anime I’ve ever seen. Unfortunately it completely abandons the whole “murder mystery” part of its plot.. . Effectively the idea is that our main character gets the ability to return back in time to a specific point, the catch being that the point gets later and later as time progresses. For example if he dies once than he’ll be sent back to the beginning of the show, but the next death may send him a couple hours into the future.. . This is absolutely brilliant because it allows the character to make mistakes, but still gives a ...
The Irregular at Magic High School is not an amazing anime and you shouldn't expect too much of it. The anime is just a magic harem high school and not much more. It's not an anime to watch because you want to be enlightened but rather one to watch if you're bored or don't feel like thinking too much.. . Possible problems with the anime are that the main character is simply overpowered and that him and his little sister seem to be in love with each other; prepare for a lot of "onii-sama". Apart from these two main characters, the anime has many different characters ...
Black Lagoon isn't something that strives to make an impact on the viewer, it's an action, international themed story about mafia and strange villains that are too strong to exist, and that's okay.. . The story tried new things, exploring the disturbing moral dilemmas of the twins, the fun aspects of the dollar girl, and questioning the goals of the protagonist in the last arc. I enjoyed each arc in varying degrees, but not everything works. Mostly, this feels much more wacky, much more contrived and stupid for its own good. It nudged the action into impossibility to the point where people might as well have some ...
Well, It's supposed to be a parody, but I think a parody has to be particularly clever to work. And, apart from a handful of instances throughout the season, The Eminence in Shadow in not. It's more of the "haha, jk. unless?" approach, where any criticism will be deflected by people saying it's supposed to be humorous, but then you have scenes that shouldn't be in a humorous setting.. . To me, the main problem is the lack of tension. From the start, the protagonist is the most powerful by far, so there's never a chance of things going wrong for him. When stories do that, they ...
Animation looked good and Plot started with interesting premise, but not much progress is made after 26 episodes with just one sect competition event. Story progress was very basic with unresolved small tensions and no world building beyond the sect. Characters look promising but again not much character development either except a few developing friendships without much emotions and bonding so far. Cultivation levels and powers/sword skills are not clearly explained and MC's upper hand over others with higher cultivation is not much explained either. MC doesn't use much knowledge from his past lives either or maybe he does but it's not explained.. Whole season is ...
Ergo Proxy, the sci-fi anime that has been hailed as a cutting-edge classic, takes place in a dystopian future where Earth has been hit by a climate catastrophe that has left the planet with unfeasible conditions for the existence of life as the human species has seen. forced to live in small domes, each functioning as an independent city.. . These small domes were responsible for simulating human society in conditions similar to the previous one. Counting on the help of machines, each citizen of the dome has an AutoReiv, a kind of automated droid, to carry out, from more basic activities, such as household chores, to ...
Farming Life in Another World, with less farming included. I mean, yeah, how to show farmer's daily life in some interesting way for 24 mins per episode? I can't even imagine it.. . All in all, this anime is more about how to starting a village and expanding land; just like Minecraft. Its also a harem anime, with girls coming one after another. Plus, its a slice-of-life type anime; which is very boring to those who didn't enjoy it. Less drama, fight always over within 5 seconds, and so on. Not to say that it is bad, but this anime is not made for everyone.. . The art and ...
Tonari no Tenshi is a sugar-filled anime to the brim. Its sugar everywhere, and only sugar inside. Might as well grab a cup of coffee to balance things when you watch this.. . Its story is plain a simple: 2 adolescent, Amane and Mahiru, grows closer and closer since they are neighbors. As why Mahiru wants to take care of Amane, is unknown. The reasoning behind it is kinda meh and explains nothing. But it is that kind of anime after all: filled with sugar, with so little conflict and way less drama than your average online celebrity. And you might find it infuriating how Amane always ...
I can see myself enjoying NWO if the game actually exist, even though in the current anime that game seems very unbalanced. Starting from status debuff stacks to no end (like Maple's poison) to the activating magic preemptively and using it as much as you like later. All sounds unbalanced, but it seems fun. And that's, what i think is the main selling point.. . Its story is just a heartwarming group of friends (especially maple and sally), grinding and exploring together. While Sally is a 'pro gamer', thinking everything thoroughly, Maple is just a braindead player who think "This might be cool!" and do whatever she ...
Brazilian portuguese:. Anime sensacional aos meus olhos, a primeira temporada só teve o erro de deixar que o protagonista demorasse 12 episodios para aceitar o que tinha se tornado, na segunda temporada veio ainda mais com ação e até um certo romance que poderia ter se desenvolvido, a animação eu acho que eles poderiam caprichar nos combate mas tirando isso é exelente se pensarmos que o anime n é lá muito recente, a historia até que foi bem explicada sendo um exemplo para outros animes, mas essa temporada me deu vontade de desistir de tentar entender esse anime, história desconexa e com muitos buracos, tirando isso ...
Brazilian portuguese:. Anime sensacional aos meus olhos, a primeira temporada só teve o erro de deixar que o protagonista demorasse 12 episodios para aceitar o que tinha se tornado, na segunda temporada veio ainda mais com ação e até um certo romance que poderia ter se desenvolvido, a animação eu acho que eles poderiam caprichar nos combate mas tirando isso é exelente se pensarmos que o anime n é lá muito recente, a historia até que foi bem explicada sendo um exemplo para outros animes anime nota 8/10 recomendo que assistam !!. . English:. Sensational anime in my eyes, the first season only had the mistake of letting the ...
If i want to review something, i always look at what does the purpose of that something wants to give. for example i would have reviewed a pencil and a fork in a very different way because they serve a different purpose and are not comparable in this sense, same thing i would review non non biyori and attack on titan, is a very different media they they are trying to give. another one is always personal opinion as that is the point review, sharing your views about something to other people and either people will click or not with you. And this ...
It's entertaining enough if you have nothing else to watch but it really just felt like they were super confident they'd get a second season so a lot of the show is "motw" with a little exposition in there with no broader storylines being tied up neatly at the end. The male MC's quirk is that he's scared of being stared at, which really just becomes an annoying and overused bit over the course of the show. The female MC is like taiga(toradora) + maid-sama but infinitely more irritating than both. I wouldn't recommend it unless ur looking for something mindless to fall asleep to.
A story of a young boy, Tanjiro Kamada, who is on a journey to kill the demon responsible for killing his family and turning his sister into a demon. First thing to note is that the scenes themselves are very well drawn and beautiful. You can get lost in the details from every scene. The main issue is that the characters lack depth and anything you learn about them is from a memory that's get told during the storyline. There's essentially no character growth. The same Tanjiro at ep. 1 is the same Tanjiro at ep. 26. This involves all the charactera so far in ...
This anime depicts what chuunibyou see when they are having their delusions of grandeur: main character is basically a god (he is literally all powerful, all knowing - at least for his followers - and all present), he has 500 elf waifus of all ethnic backgrounds and the whole late 2000's emo vibe to it thinking he is the last cookie of the package.. . The show has this recurrent gag of having the main character in the main spot even though he says that he wants to be a background character. Sometimes it even feels like he is auto sabotaging, because how can he be so ...
The Anime really excells at certain parts of its story, which is really refreshing, the World Building and the shocking imagery are really it's strong points, but sadly on terms of characters and certain points of consistency it lacks the quality it needed to live up to its hype.. . Starting with maybe it's best element, the World Building is clearly exeptional even considering that there are a lot of stories with very similar elements. The rules and laws of the world are clearly set down at the start and they have been adhered to throughout. This i not limited to only the rules but the character's ...
Shinka no Mi: Shiranai Uchi ni Kachigumi Jinsei" is an isekai anime that, while showing some potential in its narrative and character development, ultimately falls short of delivering a memorable and compelling story. The characters, while diverse in their appearances, lack the necessary depth and complexity to make them truly stand out. It feels as though the potential of the series was left untapped, with a superficial and mediocre execution that fails to deliver a truly captivating experience.. . While I cannot say that I recommend this series, I will acknowledge that there are viewers who may find enjoyment in its premise and execution. However, I caution ...
Fuck the anime but the ED is brutal I love it, thats the only reason I watch every week just so I can enjoy the ED.. Personally I skipped 2nd season, basically watched it through tiktok and youtube shorts but yeah Im just writing this so I can publish a review and you all know about the amazing ED this anime has, please give it a shot its totally worth it.. The ED is Hot Pot commander, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkFqe3tZVpg , or should I say "Hotto Potto Commander" XD, do something if you understood that reference. OMG how much ïnformation should I add? just let me publish idk even ...
Fight scenes and animation good, especially towards the end of the anime (which it is where it actually starts to get really fucking good, tensions are high, people actually die, etc.) However the first 75% of the anime as a whole is quite unbearable. Loud annoying main character, 2 dimensional side characters that barely get any personal growth other than their power increasing, some braindead dialogue (count how many times ''I'm going to become the Wizard King" is said in the first couple of episodes holy cow. The constant flashbacks and filler episodes made the pacing and overall presentation pretty jarring and repetitive, some episodes ...
As usual with the Free! franchise, the animation is smooth and the movie is very colourful! The animation is pretty lifelike with how it interacts with the characters, lighting, textures, and environment. Also, the sound design is pretty cool too, it suits the animation and the scenes nicely.. . The storyline: Pretty easy to understand and follow, though some moments felt either drawn out or happened too fast so the pacing was a little off for some scenes. It mainly focused on how the characters hit a wall and they had to find their own way through/around it, for some characters it felt ...
Stunning visual - which contributes to most of my rating for this. Another that contributes is the kids' ingenuity in surviving with limited resources.. . Plot and concept isn't new, but they don't detract from the watching experience or the rating. What did, is how long this movie dragged on, just to prolong the melodrama. Noppo and Natsume should be the characters easiest to sympathize with (in my opinion), but the meandering drama and supposedly tear-jerking moments prevented me from truly feel for them. There are moments when Natsume just stood there, absorbed in a reminiscence, when they were pressed for time and could not afford to ...
Brazilian portuguese:. Diferente da primeira temporada que foi espetacular, a segunda temporada reforçou ainda mais o problema de enrolação para a historia se desenvolver, faltando muita ação que o tornou muito melancólico, claro que para quem gosta a segunda temporada acabou se tornando boa, para mim faltou muitos elementos da primeira temporada nao agradando ao meu senso de animes, sendo assim parei no episódio 6 da segunda temporada, anime 5/10 seria melhor se eles elaborassem mais na 2°temp. . English:. Unlike the first season which was spectacular, the second season further reinforced the problem of stalling for the story to develop, lacking a lot of action that made it ...
Brazilian portuguese:. Mais conhecido como homem-motossera, e o nosso queridinho pochita, inclusive foi a morte mais rápida q me impactou, anime com bastante ação e perfeito para quem gosta de animes com muitas batalhas e que não falha em sua historia, o anime em si se torna muito memoravel e as vezes tocante, sinceramente gostei muito da animação mas ela tambem possui falhas sutis, e bom que valeu a pena o hype que traz, se te recomendaram, assista, pois vale muito apena, episodios de no máximo 25 minutos, Que da a sensação de episodios muito curtos, parei no 12°ep que indica que terá mais ou ...
High card reminds me a lot of kingsman as I’m other people have noted. I’m all for it personally the card system is a neat power system here look forward to see where the story goes. Finn is an ok protagonist I’m sure I’ll come to love him again seeing alot of kingsman similarities here with egsy with them both being From low income and them being dragged into this secret service but he feels different enough with him being a skilled pick pocket being able to properly plan out his approach shown in the first few moments in episode 1. I am a bit ...
I think the keynote of this show is “another day, another chick”. There is hardly any episode where our “hero” (and I use this term loosely mind You) find another girl to help or just add to his harem.. . But let’s rewind a bit.. The story of “Isekai wa Smartphone to Tomo ni” aka “In Another World With My Smartphone” follows another teenager that got killed and reincarnated in a magical world. The semi original twist is that he didn’t get killed by truck-kun but by God’s mistake, not gonna lie that part made me chuckle. As an apology the God sent him to a new world, ...
To watch The Disappearance of Nagato Yuki-chan, it is imperative that expectations be set. Whether a viewer will like it or not depends largely on this. If you expect a Haruhi S3 OR you like how the characters are written in S1 and S2, you will be disappointed. If you want to explore a certain path branch not taken in The Disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya movie, you will like (or at least appreciate) this one.. . Before I proceed, let's tackle the show's weak points first.. . One: The KyoAni visual finish is not present, simply because the studio animating it is not KyoAni. To Satelight's credit, they did ...
It is a cute anime with good designs and coloring which successfully animates the manga. Like a slice-of-life anime, it has a slow pace and there is not much romantic progress other than cute daily things. Most romance anime, especially the manga-originated ones are examples of this stability that it feels like it's a loop going nowhere. But in reality, life goes on and I mean, something significant needs to happen at some point. But in this kind of series all we have is fluff, both parties feel the growing love but they don't take charge but keep it the way it is. So will ...
It has been a while since I've watched a trash anime. For the longest time I didn't understand why so many people watched trashy shows like this. But now I think I finally understand. After watching so many critically acclaimed anime I didn't feel as much enjoyment out of watching even the best anime like Legend of the Galactic Heroes and such. And I think I understand now. Sometimes all you need is a breath of fresh air. And that breath of fresh air comes in the form of trashy shows. Once you watch such shows it becomes a lot more fun to watch actually ...
Well, if anything it was disappointing. It started really strong with great animation, great character and world building and very interesting story only to go nowhere. Three episodes were entertaining but that's all there's to it. Story never went anywhere. No motives were disclosed, no additional information about the world. Just 3 games and that's it.. . Review text is required to be of certain length to post but there's nothing else to say other than retell the whole story here and even then I don't think it would be enough text to fulfill the requirement.. . It's fun little watch but don't expect anything deep.
How do i say about this anime? Well, it’s a cool anime. I just feel like I’m doing the same treatment to animes that came in second or third like Digimon to Pokémon, Gundam to SSSS Gridman, Kobayashi to Senko-San, Aharen San to Komi, or Rent a Girlfriend to Girlfirned Girlfriend, because it is exactly as i imagined of people agreeing and saying that this is like another spy x family but in winter season. I wouldn’t say its a clone. Yes they share similar concepts, but the story line hits different and they really do their own roles well in a good or ...
Edit / Updated thoughts:. I just rewatched it in 4 episode chunks and I can safely say that 3/4 of this special is top quality and excellent, but the breaking point for me is the 4th part. From what I understand, it adapts a chapter that is further down the line and while it does tie up the story point set up in parts 1, it also sprinkled in scenes from other parts, which no only screws up the pacing of the whole thing big time, but also spoils what's to come for season 4. This Christmas period should have been one entire season instead of ...
Personally not the best for me. Has some decent fights and characters are unique enough. The animation is hit or miss, sometimes good other times not so great. Characters are a standard shonen. Wasn't too into the story and eventually just dropped the series. Some may like it so I don't want to dissuade others from giving it a watch. The openings were pretty good. I did find the characters and their goals not as developed so more work needs to be done on that. The realistic aspect of the show doesn't really matter since it is a fantasy world and setting so there is ...
I have never felt so betrayed by the anime community in my life. This is the most overrated anime I have ever seen, and I have seen a lot. But let's speak about positive things first. The idea of it is great, the anime is a thriller that takes place in Europe. The plot in general is also great. I also appreciate the number of characters and locations.. . The main problem of Monster is that it wants to be taken seriously, not by anime standards, but by cinematography ones. Sadly, it simply fails to show how actions we see are motivated, many characters' decisions feel illogical, ...
It was one of the darkest anime I've ever watched. The drawing and animation style is interesting but reactionary. It was a weird anime, I personally didn't care for the story underneath. Still, I enjoyed watching this instead of wasting 10-15 minutes of my time. The narrative techniques of the story are told in harmony with the drawings. Although the dialogues sound strange, it adds to the tension. A short-lived anime at a slow pace. I think the anime's use of music could have been better, but the given world really serves its purpose and manages to tension you. In conclusion, if you're not ...
The first half of this series was very original and well written, but the more episodes you watch, the more it degrades.. . This show starts off with a unique idea which could appeal to a wide demographic, the relationship between Tomo and Jun isn't like most generic highschool romance animes, and the characters that were getting introduced as the episodes went on made the anime more intriguing. But after Misuzu and Carol are introduced, this show really doesn't know what to do anymore. Every episode after that is the same. Tomo tries to get Jun to notice her by being more feminine, the plot ...
Very few people watched this, I was amazed the last review was from 2012 heck it was long back. . This is shouldn't be a hentai, although there are sex scenes(which aren't that as naked as now-a-days hentai). First of all, this is not the type of hentai that you should watch when you are horny this anime has a dark vibe as "Sucm's wish" I was mentally devasted.. . This came out in around 1995, I liked the art the '90s hentai gives some nostalgic vibe though it was just sound and almost a slideshow of images and the main sex scenes were animated. The sex scenes ...
I'd say haikyuu is overall a good show but this season feels so off to me. Setting apart the fact that Ukai's voice actor is different which is a bit of let down most of the characters are very weird to me. Sugawara is the most noticable, he went from being extremely kind and friendly to constantly teasing the others. Since I binged the first three seasons and I have all of the characters' personalities fresh in my head I can tell this is so out of character for him. Same goes for Hinata and Kageyama who both act out of character from time to ...
My Hero Academia (MHA) an already declining in popularity manga and anime (this coming from a fan since season 1) hits it's 5th season, which not only contains one of the most beloved story arcs from the manga, but also one of the most hated ones as well. So what does Bones decide to do? Pad out more than half the season with the chaff, and leave little to no time (NOT EVEN AMPLE TIME) for the Villain arc.. . Plot wise, nothing was changed from the manga, and if anything they made the joint training arc a little more dynamic and fun. BUT WHY? An arguably ...
Well besides the ending and animation nothing much besides that catches the eye! I do agree that the animation is beautiful and the ending may have had a little impact on the viewers.. but not for me. The story is beautifully expressed and animated. But I still don't get the point. To me its not bad neither good.. . Despite the mixed feelings i think for some people this is a masterpiece and for them it maybe so. To me it was rather disappointing, seeing such beautiful animation and a good concept.. . I think the story should have had more depth.
Since the success of Karakai Jouzu Takagi-san there has been a number of shows that have tried to, with varying levels of success, copy its formula - cute girl decides to play around with and eventually fall for shy, awkward guy.. . So, how does Kubo-san do in that regard?. . Kubo-san is a show about a beautiful, athletic, intelligent, popular girl who likes a guy who is so unremarkable that most people think he isn't present even when they're in the same room; furthermore, she seems to be the one of the only people who's even ~capable~ of noticing his presence at all. Why does this seemingly ...
Real talk.!. This series is only about art, there is nothing special in this series. I really don't know if all watcher can enjoy this, but if you love art and you have a talent in drawing something then I recommend this you, but if you are someone that doesn't interest in art then you will get a little bored trust me, it really depends on you.. . Overall:. There is nothing unique in the story, I really doesn't enjoy this series so much I did get little boredom. it is because I am not a fun of art, and the story is only based on art, the ...
I wanted to like this show, I really really wanted to like it, but it just falls flat.. . As for plot, there isn't any. The show is 90% filler. There is maybe 3-4 episodes with any substance, with the rest just completely forgettable episodes. The only real honest reason to watch this is for the ecchi, but that's it, and it unfortunately isn't enough to sustain the rest of the show.. . The humor in the show fits the style of shows intended for younger audiences, completely zaney and with zero reason. things happen just because they're wacky.. . If you're 12-14 this will probably ...
=====Introduction=====. 'It's elementary, my dear Watson.' Someone took this statement to heart when they made this series because it's filled with flat, straight one-episode tales that are a snooze-fest at the start. This series is decent, but to call it a 'series' would be quite an injustice. The first half was boring and atrocious, while the second half picked up steam and became much better. Sherlock Holmes saved the day for this anime since I was contemplating a score of four or three. The stinking shame is that the plot setting is elaborate & the premise felt solid, but yet again another anime fails at execution, ...
TLDR: If you're looking for a wholesome cathartic slice of life, this is for you. That is of course assuming you can ignore the frankly uncomfortable "fan service". . Onimai has some issues, and for some they will be glaring. The animation and art style is clearly geared to the side of the anime fandom which is less then desirable. There's no denying Studio Bind turned up the sexualization up to 11 on material that it should really NOT have been. However, whenever I watch an episode of this show, I walk away with nothing but a feeling of wholesomeness. Why, you might ask? The reason is ...
This movie is mostly a a remix of Anohana with maybe 30 mins new content mostly spread around so you can't easily just skip all the reused scenes. This movie is terrible to watch immediately after finishing the series, give it a few months or even a year then watch it if at all.. . The new content was fine, can't complain, more of the usual, tied off a couple threads but nothing worth suffering through 1hr of stuff you JUST finished watching.. . Art was the same quality which is obviously shoddy for a movie but it is no surprise since otherwise the reused footage would look out ...
This series is entertaining mostly for the Comedy factor and less so for the fantasy / action elements.. . We get to follow Cid, the main character, during his isekai journey as he lives the fantasy dream he has always imagined himself having, and he does it well. The action scenes are animated nicely but most of the fights are over in 5 seconds because Cid is so OP he just man handles everyone he fights or just plain toys with them.. . One aspect I think they could have flushed out a lot more were Cid's "Shadows" or his "harem" if you will, his deadly personal ...
Aggretsuko was an anime that I really loved when it first premiered. I thought the first season was really great and seasons 2 and 3 are in my opinion, the strongest seasons of the bunch. Then season 4 happened and it kind of disappointed me even though I liked it. For my thoughts on season 5: I liked it better than season 4 but as a whole, it was just fine. Which sucks because as far as series finales go, this one didn't end with a bang.. . What carried Aggretsuko was it's commentary on social issues that affect not only the people in Japan but everyone ...
Tropical-Rouge PreCure is a good time if you're looking for a chill magical girl anime that doesn't take itself too seriously. It doesn't, however, hold a candle to some other PreCure series in terms of plot and character development.. The animation overall is decent, but the transformations and attacks alone are very colorful and unique. The soundtrack also complements the tropical aesthetic of the show really well.. I didn't expect much going into the series, so I was surprised by the bits of lore and ideas that could have been great if developed properly. Unfortunately, the ocean theme of the show is highly underused. Watching the girls ...
This is the exact moment Eren became a bird.. . The music could be heard, the singers sang the song and the images had color, the characters were present and artists did a job animating the video.. Truly one of the MVs ever.. . . I am somewhat confused why this video was added in the database tbh, like, it's literally just a MV, and i think my life is and would've been the same if MAL wouldn't spam me with notifications about it. Unless they plan to extend the database for jpop and such it's presence is unrequited. But overall a 5/10 for me, though the song itself is ...
Do you like an Overpowered MC? Probably too much, really.. Do you want a story about a character going on a "journey" and collecting friends along the way? Sure, that's pretty standard.. Do you want all the characters to be 1-dimensional to the point that its rather strange, like 1 is "the loud one" or "the even louder one" or just "a girl"? Wait, what.. Do you want a story that is essentially "Man plays video game for fun, because he got fired from playing the game professionally"? Not if that's it, no.. Then have I got the over-rated anime for you, now with 100% more ...
In a nutshell, Bubble is a great visual experience that severely lacks a plot that can stand up to its animation.. The film, from a technical view, is solid and a joy for the eyes. The many parkour scenes are all well done, with only a few recycles of the animations, which are only noticeable if looked at carefully. The other parts are, in any case, good, although they don't stand out.. There are few frames in which the drawings are more detailed and shadowed, which is a choice that I didn't like, as they are random, unexpected moments, and the contrast with the general ...
A new adventure with Naruto, Sasuke, Sakura, and Kakashi sensei.. . This time Naruto doesn't have the Kyuby inside, but a new kind of demon.. Sasuke is still Sasuke. With his cool vibe. Most of the time in silence. Hiding his thoughts.. This Sakura is actually the only character I like. Not like the original Sakura.. Kakashi this time covers both of his eyes and his Sharingan is even more powerful than before.. . In summary, is basically a cheap Naruto adventure.. . I give it 6 because at least it entertained me although I wanted the show just to finish because I couldn't handle any more of those plain characters. The ...
my opinion:. . Weaknesses of this anime (-):. . 1. All bear, serious bear, comedy bear.. 2. Monotonous battle scenes, always starting with Dash/blink, repetition.. 3. Important detail but not shown in the anime, like in episode 20.When Shadow vs Beatrix & Iris, the people of Midgar looked normal and didn't panic, even though there was a fight.. . Plus points in this anime (+):. . ...
Wanted to put it as a 5 or 6 but can't mainly because of its production and characters-- very low 7. There's just way too much missing from the manga. I don't mind that they changed the tone a bit and I get that you have to skip some stuff for adaptations to flow well, but this was just too much. And whats more, it DIDN'T flow well despite curating the content. It's a big "meh" for me, very forgettable. But I'm glad it got some people reading the manga. Next season shouldn't be that hard for them to do well, so I'm keeping my ...
If I had to describe this in a few words, it's basically a recap of some of the events of Berserk, but with a mix of Cgi and another art form. Not to say it's a bad recap or anything, but it's only really there for those that either read the original manga or watched the original 25 episode anime that came out way earlier.. . The good parts to this are that the animation is good for when it was released. Granted it's nothing too special these days, but still enough to be watchable. The scenes it does recap are pretty faithful to how they originally ...
An office romance between two co-workers, one of whom has some unusual powers. I had high hopes for this at the start. The characters look good, his ice powers might make for some original situations, and above all I was glad to see a romance between grown adults for a change. I had presumed that characters in their twenties, having already gone through school and college, with some experience of adult life, would act with more maturity and decisiveness, at least some of the time, than we normally see in high school romances.. . No. Unfortunately everyone in the show has the emotional development of a ...
This anime is much more about the story of an adventurer who retires and lives in a village and marries a woman he likes. The MC's story is that a hero's party partner who he then kicks out isn't really necessary. The concept of demons in his world is also interesting, but it gets a little weird the longer it goes on.. I would have preferred the story to be more of a story of the MCs being happy in a new place after being violently chased away then crossing paths with the hero's party again by accident. Then the Hero Party realizes their mistake and ...
Literally this anime is an OP Main Character with a Non-Human Harem. Even worse the "Hero" in the story looks so stupid. A Hero who was more like an inexperienced brat who didn't even have any abilities. Even the heroes in the stupidest anime are not like him. Anime Shin no Nakama has a similar premise but we can see that without the Main Character Party the Heroes can still run. But this anime is not like that, without MC Party Heroes it's not even worth it at all. Even the bandit group in the anime looks more promising.. . On the other hand, the story given ...
Honestly the concept of the show is pretty interesting and its enjoyable. But the one aspect I can't stand is how the MC has plot armor when it comes to his identity, and they don't use that theme at all. It should be completely obvious to everyone around him that he is shadow, and instead of using that to make the story more interesting it just gets completely ignored. A good example of this is when Cid literally says Alpha's name right to Alexia and it's just ignored. It irks me, there should be some suspicion if they are going to make it blatant like ...
I'd like to preface this review in saying that it took MONTHS for me to finish this anime.. I liked the characters and the overall story, but after several episodes the anime got stale for me. The only way I was able to finish this show was to watch it while working. It all gets repetitive after awhile, even if the quality is decent enough for the watch.. If you want to watch something good that'll keep you interested all throughout, this isn't that show. If you need something to listen to the background or watch from the corner of your eye, then this show ...
This is a story about a girl's life in the 1980s, where we get flashbacks to her life as a 5th grader, from where we learn her origin and deeper story. The story is 'good,' and the art is also 'good' but the bewitching part that most often is at the start of movies or longer anime series is not present. Therefore it would be somewhat difficult to get attached to it at the start.. . This movie was released in 1991, which is impressive for how good it is. But even so, I would still point out the faces in this anime, especially of Taeko ...
Ok. I have to say, I didn't played the games before I watched this anime, so maybe I would know more about it, if I did. But right now, I can just say, that I have absolutely no idea where the story is taking me. Or what the story actually is. But don't get me wrong, this doesn't mean that I don't enjoy this anime. I do. I'm just warning you that the story might be a bit confusing at the beginning, at least that's how it was for me.. . It definitely is interesting and thrilling enough to keep me watching this anime and the main ...
If you expect a serious anime with an excellent story and deep character development or some novelty, then Kanojo mo Kanojo is definitely not for you. Kanojo mo Kanojo is not entertaining at all when you think about the characters and the plot. A guy who finally becomes a couple with the girl whom he confessed continuously ever since they were in grade school (and he is finally accepted in high school) accepts the confession of a girl whom he has met just a few moments ago, then tries to pursue his childhood love to be part of a two-time relationship is the main character ...
At first, the anime runs great. However, it seems like at the middle it became a bleep and turns out good at the Ep20.. I love how the main character is overpowered.. . I have watched many anime already and the story of this anime is not that unique and relative to others. I do not see the exact plot of the anime as it has 'many' happenings that you even need to go back just to rewatch again some scene. The animation looks good.. . There is always an intriguing part where some frames are good to skip.. Not gonna lie, but the end part is amazing and we wish ...
I have removed my previous review so I could provide updated view on this show. Initially I have stated that authors didn't know what they wanted to make so they ended up making everything and nothing. This still holds true even though they kind of regained focus at the later part of the show.. . That said, I have no idea what the story is here. There's no end goal, there's no long term vision, there's just random stuff happening and Shadow is strong and cool. Mkay? Or at least that's what they want you to think. In reality even main character feels unfinished. Authors threw so ...
I've no clue about any LN source material so going in blindly like I always did with their anime adaptations is a choice I never regret until this series happened to give me mixed feelings on what it's trying to convey in its storytelling. I admit that I've used the 10-sec forward for scenes that were predictably boring or monotonous in order for me to stay awake fully. In other words, it's a tolerable watch that the only redeeming quality on why I didn't drop it is the action scenes being animated with great quality from a "sometimes rarely heard" anime studio called Nexus.. . Somewhat a ...
Akudama Drive is an anime that seemed to come out of nowhere. Before it aired, all anyone knew about it was that it was made by a bunch of the staff behind the Danganronpa games, which I admit I've never played. Plus, it was initially set to air in July of 2020, but was pushed to October of that year due to dealing with the pandemic. But once it started airing, people were talking about it like crazy. I didn't bother with it at first because it didn't seem like my cup of tea. However, a podcast I follow was praising it, along with the ...
Stop me if you’ve heard a line like this before – “It’s just like in a manga / anime!”. . Being meta is more in vogue than ever. Ever since DreamWorks took it upon themselves to poke fun at the Disney company and the Disney brand with *Shrek* back in 2001 and became a monumentally-successful franchise financially, animated film had more or less entered the realm of metacommentary. It didn’t take long for Disney to follow suit; starting with *Enchanted* in 2007 and then expanding that into the soul-sucking exercise of their live-action remakes of the recent years (if not also including choice lines in others like ...
If you're in solely for the art concept, keep watching. But if you expect good plot and development you might want to re-evaluate.. . The art here can be arguably considered either great or tragic. I speak as a non-artistic individual, who can appreciate art solely on a "like it" - "don't like it" basis, so as a subjective judge, I found it mostly unusual, a bit overdone at times, but overall pleasing.. The plot also seemed rather intriguing at the beginning, with all the curious elements and concepts and fine-paced world building. That pace, however, drops rather quickly as we are introduced to more side characters and ...
Not recommended for deep plot and good pace enthusiasts, but I can see how the laid back, slow pace can appeal to people who enjoy more relaxed shows.. . Subjectively, the CGI can and will be off-putting for some viwers, although if one can swallow that type of visuals it is not completely unwatchable for the easy going type.. The plot development is rather slow, with attention to some elements taking unnecessary time of the episode, although not as bad as other recent shows. It is devoid of any form of humour, deep emotion, drama or epicness, but at episode 5 the viewer can figure out where the ...
Im gonna give (8.92) Somehow,beyond my expectations, at least I'm relieved because I'm trying to continue it to season 2 after season 1 which was a bit disappointing.. . In terms of story, it's really well built where the story is trying to be broad but still within the capacity to explore all the existing plots. Really a rare thing in my opinion, because most other anime tend to hang us in the hope that it will be continued but not continued due to cruel reality. At least we can consider the end of season 2 the end of the story if it doesn't continue, because to ...
The world gets destroyed by a weird virus that only kills adults, and now, vampires rule the world.. Might not really seem interesting at first, but the characters are really cool, all of them (or almost) are interesting and have a unique personnality.. However, the biggest flaw of the anime is its rhythm. It feels a bit too slow, even boring sometimes, which is why I only gave it a 6. I would not recommend it, because the rhythm was a big problem for me. But I don't think it's a bad show either. I suggest you just give it a try !. . Also, Shinoa is cool, I like ...
Arknights remains to be one of my favorite Gacha games, and I remain a fervent believer that the anime adaptation will come to the point where its highlights shine and become recognized for the praise it's gotten for its story and development. The anime is a nice fanservice show, which I mean with positive affection. However, I don't think this will serve well for people with zero context about what Arknights is, which can be a dealbreaker for a lot of people. Some people don't want to play a Gacha game to see what the hype is about. I bet a lot of the information ...
Slightly above average. Not that great though, but if you have nothing to do and you already watched all good titles in your season - it is worth trying. It's not mecha heavy and it's not totally predictable even if you are an anime veteran, so why not?. Characters are not that bad and pretty likable. There are a couple of twists that were interesting and it was pretty nice mix of genre.. Main character are also not bad, but you doubly will remember them latter. Ending is also pretty smooth and don't made you grab your head. Just remember to grab something tasty, because filler ...
The Tatami Galaxy is good but not that special as they said!. . Lemme here to make fair review as much as i can without carried away by perfect score hype or lowest score near zero. The tatami galaxy story mostly around college student (we assume him as "watashi" cause take from mc pov) who wanna make campus life youth debut especially about fallen in love or finding the girlfriend. Anime type is episodic with if scenario if mc choose different choice like club or chase different girl scenario. If he failed, next episode will jump back to the past-time when he still in fresh year with ...
Well, I know I'm not inside the target audience, but the show hyped so much, and then I decided to give this one a chance. From a pseudo- elitist's perspective: yes it's an overhyped boring show.. . The animation is mostly not over the top and not enough detailed but I can accept this as a design choice.. . Characters are completely one-dimensional and predictable. They act the same as you think all the time. The main character is annoying asf and I suffered while watching. As far as I understand the audience put themselves into her shoes, consequently, they got hyped but you are not her. ...
This show is definitely not for the faint of heart. I feel like as well everybody will recommend it as it's the most mainstream anime out there but it's not all that.. . Yes i personally enjoyed the anime but it has some faults.. . First of all the animation is amazing 8/10 the same with the storyline. It's pratically an anime version of GOT + Vikings.. . But the downside is the characters are pretty one dimensional, especially Eren. That boy never shuts up. But I guess when you constantly live in fear and tramua and don't know anything else it makes sense.. . This show is incredbly blood glory so ...
Gabriel DropOut is something you can watch half-heartedly, not fully paying attention. It's a slice of life with a supernatural twist, but it doesn't feel as good as some of the best slice of life out there. The characters don't seem interesting enough, and I think characters are the biggest reason you'd enjoy an anime like this. Only two of the four main characters are interesting to watch, and that is definitely not enough.. . The whole concept could be fun, but the end result feels quite boring. It's something that's good to watch while you're doing something else, but there's not really a reason to completely ...
Imagine mixing various ingredients and expecting to come up with masterclass dish. Usually, instead of delicious food, even a very experienced chef might end up with something perhaps looking good, but tasting mediocre at best. Why I write it? I feel that Neon Genesis Evangelion: The End of Evangelion movie can be compared to that kind of soup. Something ambitious enough to mix different themes and tropes, with tools to make such plan happen, but ultimately failing to deliver a good movie.. . There have been many reviews written about the End of Evangelion over the years. I could do the same, even if I had to ...
I only rate this a solid 9 only because of the Harem part. They hit the mark for me when they brought the harem into this. The characters are a little cheesy as times and they don’t really have any goals for themselves as for as being dependent on the MC in which the MC really doesn’t have any wild goals of himself either. It’s a prettt slow paced harem anime with no real detailed fight scenes except in bed ‘Wink’ doesn’t really go out of the way to show anything eccentric. Maybe a nipple scene and some grasping on the boobs, but nothing far ...
yeah i definitely didn't think this thru. i played the game and have seen clips of the animation on youtube and was like why not? yeah those clips on youtube are only the best parts and doesn't show how bad narratively the animation version is. like yeah it might be bad to compare to the original game but like you can't help not to because the pacing is just too fast. the animation cuts out parts and rearranges how certain scenes were like morgana came in day 1 not day 2. that's a little example of what was changed but like there was obviously more ...
Short review of the anime:. The story offers an unique perspective on the classic hero vs demon lord fantasy gimmick with a quiet life, however it quickly falls short when it strays from that. Literally everything that wasn't part of it was poorly written, thus giving the overall score only a 7. The last episodes didn't make sense, were very skippable and villains were extremely bland.. Overall it felt like they could've focused on the apothecary life and romance instead of throwing ideas out there and leaving them undeveloped. Main characters like Ruti and Rit could've used more explanations on why they act and feel the ...
Do you have a thing for gore? If this anime should be given an alternate title '50 shades of gore' would be perfect fit.. This anime throws gore after gore each episode and presents it in most creative way possible that you could never imagine.. So even if the the plot doesn't surprise you the gore will definitely shock you each and every time.. . .Talking about the plot; Well, it's pretty generic shonen plot. So it's predictable how things pan out in the end. The engaging factor is largely the characters development through their journey to that end and the how they overcome the hurdles in their way. ...
Not sure why this gets so much hate. There are only 12 episode of 2 minutes a piece, so there's no long-form story-telling happening, but it's perfectly serviceable otherwise. It's like they took the scenes or skits from a longer anime and cut them out into their own thing. Even if you don't like it, it's less than half an hour of your time. It's not gonna light the world on fire, but I've definitely wasted 30 minutes on worse shows.. . As for the story, it's nothing you haven't seen before in any other siscon/brocon anime. Not unique, not really terrible, ...
So this will be basically some word rambling to tell that i dropped the show because i cant stand second hand embarrassement which this show is full of almost to the same level as Watamote. So with that said if you can watch second hand embarassement without cringing to hard this is still a pretty mediocre slice of life show with a cringier main character then i would have thought. The show is also way to lewd for my taste but thats more of a personal issue since i cant really stand overly ecchi shows any longer (except Freezing go and watch that).. So ...
Black Summoner is, yet another, other-world series. And I remain a fan of them. However, there needs to be something that sets them apart from each other. Something fresh. Admittedly, there are parts that this series does quite well though, and others, less so.. . Story: Black Summoners brings us into your common MMO-world where we meet Kelvin, someone who realizes that has been reincarnated using a Summoner class. Inside his head, he is guided by Melfina, who basically acts an off-field guide. After very quickly learning the rules of this new world, his first order of business is gaining a ...
Bocchi the rock is a good show. and that's about the extent of my opinion on it.. . I thought the characters were good, the writing was fine, and the execution of what they had was amazing. However, I cant stand the format. I've never really cared for "cute girls doing cute things" shows at all, so even when the messages were poignant, I just wasn't invested because I didn't care about any of the leadup. I don't like the "4-koma" format for jokes either, and its very obvious that this is an adaptation of a 4-koma manga because nearly every scene is set up as ...
this show has to be the most unapologetic power fantasy show i have seen. protagonist is overpowered af, everyone acknowledges it, and the story leans into it. hits the spot just right if you are looking for this kind of trashy show.. . keeping it a stack tho, it cant be rated any higher than a five. objectively the characters and story can be pretty flat or uninteresting at times. compared to a lot of other shows it just doesnt compete animation wise as well. but lets be real, this isnt why your going to watch this show, so does it really matter anyways lol?
Teasing Master Takagi-San’s first season isn’t exactly what I want out of this style of anime, but it honestly did better than anticipated.. . I actually do appreciate the comedy within the show between the two leads but honestly prefer the dynamic of the 3 side girls. They are a major highlight for me. As well as Nishikita’s constant need and desire to get one over Takagi. His internal monologue is very believable and grounded for a young boy like that. And it’s also just absolutely funny how he goes from very simply trying to humiliate Takagi in some way to being wary of any possibility she ...
All the guys who are mean to protagonist are twisted, irredeemable villains.. All his friends and companions are cute girls.. He makes dumb and irresponsible decisions, but his monstergirl magically bound slaves (but they're not slaves because he's being nice to them so it's not evil) who explain to audience how great and nice the protagonist is will always twist it in a manner showing that he's just overflowing with kindness to everyone.. It's a generic harem shounen but to not frighten the kids, fights are easy and far apart. The plot consist of:. . 30% lamenting and revenging and relieving trauma and fighting against the hero ...
Compared to other animes and ofc the manga, had to say that the first season is bad, really bad. I'm going to make this short.. . The Kingdom manga easiest one of the top 5 seinen manga. It's a huge crime that they made the first season look like some old PS2 video game.. . Kingdom manga is known for its gory battles and war, the fact they censored the whole season is disgusting. No blood, really? Yes there's some blood, but gray colored?. . Opening and its music are top notch, voice acting is OK, and the story still following the original manga content.. . For manga readers, it's ...
So season 2 of Record of Ragnarok, just came out on Netflix. Safe to say, its bad. But not that bad!. . To those that don't know the record of Ragnarok, its a series that deals with fighting. The entire show is about fighting. Everything.. . Humans vs Gods, the Gods have become dissatisfied with Humanity, so the Gods voted to set the Humans for Extinction. In a last ditch effort, Humanity has set forth a tournament where Gods will be pitted against the Strongest Men from different Eras. An extremely interesting premise.. . The manga is one of the most popular ongoing Series right now. A legitimately Top tier Manga, ...
Its actually not that bad,imma gonna go give it a (8,37).. . The story is indeed built normally, but over time the plot also builds up even though sometimes the plot seems unclear.The development of the plot continued to develop until the end of the episode, which in my opinion ended sufficiently. To be honest, at least this anime's story was not forced to develop because basically there was potential to expand the story in the last episode. But I'm really grateful they didn't.The story only focuses on the two main characters, what I think is lacking here is the fact that the other characters really feel ...
No doubt "Bubble" had high production value. The visuals are stunning and the music is the best thing this movie had to offer. But beyond good animation and scintillating music, there's little to comprehend about this movie. In a way you could compare this with some of Makoto Shinkai's recent movies, especially "Your name" and "Weathering with you". All three boast great visuals, music and have a mysterious, supernatural backdrop/premise. But in the case of Your name and Tenki no ko, the main story gelled well with the background setting. In Bubble however, the story is all over the place. At one stage, it doesn't ...
Toradora.. . It's probably the dullest, most clichéd, yet best romance anime you're likely to see. Why? Because the competition just isn't there. Before I paint the devil on the wall at this point, I need to make it clear. I liked Toradora as an anime, it entertained me, and I also liked the character relationships, the romances, and the sometimes amusing humor. As a whole, the anime is quite entertaining, as long as you're looking for a simple teen romance. And since the market only has either harems or some over-the-top cliché bombs with no content, Toradora offers a counterbalance worth mentioning as a relatively over-the-top ...
Gungrave has a unique flow to it that comes from being transcribed from a video game story and setting to an anime, and for the most part it navigates that pretty well. It can be very edgy at times with some over the top eye-rolling dialogue, but does what it sets out to do well overall. The strong parts of the show are it's narrative during the first section, and the payoff for it during the second. The art and voice acting (in the dub at least), however, are definitely the weakest aspect of the show, and are distractingly poor at times. Overall, I would ...
The Gundam: Witch From Mercury - Review That No One Asked For. . Whelp bois. It's finally fucking here. The Gundam anime that doesn't in fact require One Piece levels of commitment in order to enjoy. You can finally watch big Pacific Rim baddies duke it out without any previous context - and frankly, that’s a big win. If you’re a fan of Trash Taste, you may have already heard Garnt advocate for how underappreciated this anime is. In terms of anime in its season, it received very little hype compared to some of the other heavy hitters. Well, I’m here to give you the spoiler-free, and ...
Having followed the manga from way before there was even an anime announced for Blue Lock, I knew it wouldn’t be long before someone decided to take it on. And lo and behold, the one to step up to the challenge is none other than 8bit, a studio mostly known for the That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime and Grisaia series. When I first got the news about this adaptation I did get some worries about how they would deal with a sports anime but thought it couldn’t be too bad since they did a good job with Stars Align. In fact, while ...
Not going to lie the first couple of episodes started off promising enough, then it devolved into every other romcom ever pretty much. We are halfway in and the plot still continues to paddle itself in circles going absolutely no where while the two main characters swear up and down that they are not a couple despite not fooling the audience or anyone in the show for that matter whatsoever.. . So what do you get out of Angel Next Door? Well you get male MC with as much personality as stale hard tack who for the life of me I cannot figure out why he is ...
No way thats a 8+ anime, unfortunaly, people review and vote after watching just a couple of episodes. As i can see the positives reviews are almost from people who watched just the beggining.. The begginig (until 8-10 ep) is awesome, than quickly became a shitshow. At first you are watiching a well-made psicological horror, than, suddenly, its a C-tier shonen-battle. There are lot of episodes in the middle ,that, basically, nothing happens(i skipped some episodes and I dont thnik I lost anything important). Its really confusing with a lot of dense information that just dont make sense. The ending its kinda okay not bad ...
If I had a nickle for romance, anime movies about a strange phenomenon bringing a couple together, and separating them, only to bring them together again; I'd have 3 nickles. It isn't a lot, but it's weird that it happened thrice.. . It's hard not to look at other anime that have done this type of story in a more fleshed out way, or even more logical one. I'm not judging the supernatural stuff present in the movie, but the deus ex machinas that riddle everything that happens near the end. Constant appearances from characters that spawned out of nowhere just so you could feel their arcs ...
This might be the most misleading title of an anime ever.. You go into this thinking the main guy is some kind of sleaze ball who spends his time hitting on chicks the whole time and it just isn't. Bell is honestly a sweet and caring guy who just wants to get strong for Hestia. But because this is anime he is always getting into the most uncomfortable sexual situations. And yeah there's a lot of unwanted gross fanservice when it comes to the female characters. It can be a bit hard to get past all of that.. But if you do it's honestly a ...
Listen this movie is like kind of trash and I really wish it wasn't.. I'll start with the good things. Getting more or Kurapika's backstory is great, I feel he really got fleshed out more. There's also some fantastic scenes with Leorio that really had me feeling the love they have for each other. Killua and Gon also had a few moments like this as well which was sweet.. But honestly it's not great. It feels so much like they wrote this movie way too fast just to try and make some more money. The only good this movie is for getting to see Kurapika ...
If you and your friend had received the power of turning gods and talk to the characters in some random history, what would happen when you disagre about the future of some character? Or what would happen if you disagre about shipping some couple? Is it right to favor a character in the detriment of other? Is there even some fun in simply making everything works in the most idiotic way possible neglecting any dificulty that would appear and then excluding any character development? All this topics could have been in this anime, however the only thing you're going to see is the same gag, ...
This was a fun watch. You probably won't like it if you haven't seen at least 2 out of re: zero, konosuba, Overlord or youjo senki. The characters mesh pretty well together and the comedy isn't bad. The episodes are short so if you get tired of watching subaru get fucking murdered in re: zero, you can always come here for comedy relief. I haven't seen overlord or youjo senki but ainz and tanya seemed pretty interesting regardless. It was fun to see the cross-series interactions, like subaru and kazuma, what a insane duo that we never knew we needed. Episodes are only 10 minutes ...
The story does not properly start until about halfway through the series - but there is one there. The flow generally fits well with an episode-by-episode comedy but does not feel as dramatic as the drama side could have been, which let the show down a little bit. This did not stop the story from being enjoyable to watch, though.. . . The art style is true to its source and should be appreciated as such. Well-timed comedic effects and smooth animation - it is very clear that effort was put into details... except the food all was TERRIBLY drawn, with a plate of chips in ...
well there is no harem so far that i have seen in the 6 episodes but there is fan service in almost all episodes like its 50 or 65% filled with fan service so i'm like kinda okay also i don't like the fact that the girl Marika is the ML wife when you get to episode 6 it will happen felt like the girl is maybe a teenager or not idk like he's also 30 so kinda give me pedo vibes and i'm uncomfortable with it cause at this point we head down the pedo path so i'm iffy about this anime. might have ...
This is a very simple anime. So, the review shall be simple too.. Story:. This is kinda like a dating sim. MC receives an anonymous love letter and he's trying to find the girl who wrote him that letter. There's a total of 5 girls (or quests?) in the harem where each girl has a different fetish. The whole story revolves around the weird fetishes and finding out the mystery confession girl. Focus on one girl at a time, develop the character somewhat and move on to the next quest/girl. repeat 5 times.. This anime is basically. 40% fanservice -> significant amount of underwear shots + fetish ...
*Spoiler free review*. . This is not a movie. It's a collection of 4 episodes from a "Season 3.5" put back to back, and released together as a movie. And this narrative arc is far from good enough to support that betrayal of expectations.. . I am sure I was mislead by the promotional material showcasing this story as a standalone movie, because an anime movie to me is a mothership for a series. It's there to showcase what the series has best to offer to its audience, be it in animation, character design, story, music, pacing, character alchemy or whatever have you. And this ticks none of those ...
This show is definetely not for everyone. It is not about character development, story progression or even a show with strong single episode stories. This show is about watching the cooking process with anime twist and then seeing people orgasm of enjoyment from the dish. If you find seeing different dishes being cooked in an anime from episode to episode entertaining then you'll definitely like it.. . The plot progression is super slow, the same reactions but in different words every time alongside those overused orgasm scenes and the pacing overall make this show veeery slow: what could be shown in 6-8 episodes was shown in 18.. . Some ...
So, let me get straight to the point - Saihate no Paladin was nearly an 8/10 for my during the first arc consisting of the first five episodes. But everything beyond that was very disappointing. I'll go into more detail below.. . The premise of being raised by three undead caretakers is amazing and what drew me to this show in the first place. Without going into spoiler territory, all I am going to say is that those initial episodes really do live up to the concept’s potential. I really enjoyed the good and the bad, the happy and the sad. Family as a theme really hits ...
Hi! this is my first time writing a short review about anime, and I want to apologize for my bad English.. . I watched many great rom-com anime like Haganai, His and her circumstances, Kaguya-sama, Ouran highschool host club, and more. If I compare "Gamers!" to other rom-com anime, it definitely one of the most hilarious rom-com I've ever watched.. . Story 5/10. At first, the story is quite good and the humor is hilarious but this type of story as a rom-com anime is generic.. . Art 8/10. I really appreciate the work of all artists or animators in making animes, so I will give this an 8 out of 10.. . Sound ...
The story of "Standing on the Shoulders of Million Lives" has its moments of intrigue, but unfortunately, the art and animation are a letdown. The character designs feel disjointed and fail to fully capture the emotions and personalities of the characters. The animation is also underwhelming, lacking the fluidity and energy that one would expect from a top-notch anime production.. . While the concept of a virtual reality game where players must complete missions to logout is interesting, the execution falls short. The characters don't seem to have a strong connection to each other, and their motivations are often unclear. This lack of depth detracts from the ...
I am not exactly sure what it is, but almost nothing from Toradora really interested me like it has so many anime fans who have watched it before.. . I can admit that things like the animation, VA performances and music are fairly good, but almost all other aspects have a “not for me” aura about them whether that be characterization or character design or plot. I will admit I did enjoy how plots sort of organically follow each other from episode to episode but that might be the only thing I really enjoy from the series.. . The comedy, drama and romance the series has just doesn’t elicit ...
I have watched this show many times and always forget about it. For some reason whenever I watch, episodes are known to me but whole story is not. So I keep rewatching only to get frustrated, annoyed and disappointed again and again.. . For once, story is very well done and for a change is a mystery. Had it not been for one flaw this show would be a high 8 or even a 9 for me but that flaw is so big and annoying I simply can't get over it. This flaw is named Haruka, otherwise known as stupid airhead character does things to cause complications ...
Giant Beasts of Arse.. . My disappointment with this one hurts. Giant Beasts of Ars sets up an Attack On Titan-esque world where humanity lives behind high walls in fear of the giant monsters roaming the lands. Unlike Attack On Titan though, humanity has ways of actually fighting back against them, mainly with the use of magic-wielding clerics and Paladins working together to slay them for resources. With a world with a thriving culture that feels rich and vast, and a strong introduction to the three main characters Myaa, Kuumi and Jiiro the Already Dead coupled with an interesting narrative hook around Kuumi and her mysterious cleric ...
Onimai will be an absolute joy to some and an absolute hell to others. It's not just the fanservice either.. . Most everyone already spoke of the fanservice in the show, but even without the visual fanservice, the plot itself is a narrative fanservice. To some people, the prospect of someone changing your gender using a drug just so you would stop being a shut-in (albeit with the option to turn back if you wait it out) will be horrifying and downright insulting. But to some people, it'll be a turn-on.. . Speaking from the perspective of someone who has never had any strong feelings about their gender, the ...
Ya know I’d consider myself a casual but well versed anime viewer, I have around 150+ shows under my belt….. and by far this is the most degenerate shit I have ever watched. I understand that it’s an ecchi and I’m no prude when it comes to lewd stuff. I’d like to reiterate this is by far the most degenerate I’ve seen. Which to some that’s enough to add to your plan to watch lists. I’m not saying I’m not gonna watch it but I’m definitely gonna question with every scene that makes me think “wtf” how I ended up here. Thank you for coming ...
A lot of my friends forced me into watching Bakemonogatari so here's my review.. . It was aired in 2009 and one of the most unique aspects of this show is the animation. The animation style is unique and eye-catching, with a mix of traditional animation and still images that create a visual style that sets it apart from other anime. For me, sometimes it could be quite hard to follow up especially during the fast paced action scenes.. The plot of bakemonogatari revolves around a high school student named Koyomi Araragi who encounters various supernatural beings, or "apparitions", and the people they have affected. Each episode ...
*KINGDOM_SEASON:1*. I just finished watching Kingdom season 4... and it was awesome!. Now looking back at the season 1 anime adaptation of Kingdom, I have to say it, It was not good... but it was not bad either.. My first view of season 1 was that it was badly adapted. With the overuse of CGI, I hated it. I mean it is an anime adaptation, people prefer anime over manga because their favorite characters are alive with animation, voices, soundtracks, etc.. The only reason I kept on watching this anime is because of its interesting plot.. I will deduct 2 points for its bad animation and our ...
The premise of Shuumatsu no Walküre is to say the least interesting if not an really potential formula of succes ( if its done right) and for die-hard fans of shonen animes this one its gonna caught more than just a couple of eyes, at least was the case for me when i started watching the firt season.. . Now this one had an degree of improvement in comparision with his precuel which had few to bassicly nothing of animation and were a bunch of still frames accompained of dialog, this time at least they had the dignity of adding a little of movement to the series ...
I cried like a pig. Beware of this anime. Be prepared before watching something very dangerous.. . The story isn't predictable at first at all and by two or three episodes, you will know what will be done at the last. Be prepared with buckets and tissues. A1 always does a great job on the character art style. Stunning background. And the smile will haunt you. I absolutely love this series and want everyone to watch it and share my pain with them. The story is a tear-jerker. I can tell more stake on the sad list than this would be Grave of the fireflies. But right ...
Definitely not for everyone, I feel like it's very dialogue heavy which I personally am not a fan of but I can see why some people enjoy it as the convos themselves are written well. The story itself is alright, nothing too special sometimes borderline boring to me but it's enjoyable. The animation was the best part for me, it uses different mediums which makes it fun to watch and the way things are composed look nice.. . Personally I don't know if I'll watch the rest of the show as I honestly kinda had to drag myself trough this but I might give it a ...
Please do note that the movie expects you to have watched season 1 of the KanColle anime. If you watch the movie without watching the anime you'll lack context and things might not make as much sense.. . Overall the movie has a pretty okay story. The storyline is way clearer than in the anime and is genuinely interesting at times. There's more character development and worldbuilding going on now which in turn means less slice of life. The naval warfare is a bit better now but still nonsensical and based more on game logic than anything else so don't come here looking for that.. . The ...
Would I recommend this anime?. Yes… and no.. . I would recommend this show for everything… except the main plot. The art style is amazing, the music is awesome, the animation (apart from fighting scenes that could use a bit more frames) is fluid and well done. The main plot is… lazily done, predictable after episode 4 and has a lot of holes. Despite that it can be a source of enjoyment.. . The story follows two AIs on their mission to save humanity from a robot revolution. On their mission that spawns 100 years we see them interact with other AIs and try to steer the timeline towards a ...
(Slight spoilers but not telling rest of it). ....meh.. . I kinda doubt how this story will goes since It tells you about the life of 4 adventures who fall into despair until they finally found the "way" it meant to live. Hobbies. And supporting hobbies means Money. Yes, Adventurers need Money, but they can't find any people to be trusted, until 4 of them met at same places, while drunk.. . To be honest, I like the concept, adventurers make own party and do quests but doubting their trusts and loyalty (because yeah thats how everyone will react on first place), spread rewards equally and didn't mind their private ...
This is a beer and pretzel type isekai that won't excite or drag you in but is fine if you are just looking for something to snack along with.. . If follows the same tropes, minus the harem, and has lots of cute slimes but that is about it. There really isn't enough character-building or even world-building to speak of other than the bare minimum to move the story. The story takes lots of short cuts and often it feel more like a highlights reel than an original story. If you run out of others to watch then this might help fill the void but this ...
This anime not really recommend, but fun to watch in first half i enjoyed but last 5 eps i felt bored watching this anime... This anime not meant to everyone, not everyone will understand what this anime want to deliver, this anime really relateable nowadays when people more attractive in social media than a society in this anime some people don't care about them in society they just care about what they are in wired world. . Art style, ambient in this anime pretty good i like type girl like lain especially when she wearing bear costume its cute. . If you like mistery anime, not really hard narative ...
Great source material. However, as with S1 (and with the notable exception of the powerful, 10/10 S1E1), this is largely speaking a painfully mediocre, probably-should've-been-given-more-budget-and-better-direction anime.. . With great direction, a much higher budget, and a better studio, this could've easily been one of the all time greats. As is, it's been held down, since S1E2, by largely mediocre and lackluster direction and animation that clearly just didn't have the resources and time needed to pull this off properly. It's still not the worst adaptation in the world, by any stretch of the imagination, but this approach does largely take 9-10/10 material and render it into something ...
This is a pretty decent show that is ultimately disappointing.. . The characters and general world-building are pretty good and fairly well-developed. Some of the plots and stories, as well as some character decisions, are a little underwhelming sometimes, but overall remains interesting. The story moves between small, single-episode plots to larger multi-episode stories involving post-war corruption and class oppressions in a nation trying to rebuild.. . PROS:. Characters are interesting and well-developed.. Background world-building is fairly deep.. Some good and varied plots and stories being told.. . CONS:. ...
i just watched it this year, it's a really impressive visual masterpiece, only one thing is lacking.. if xie lian was made as a woman it would be perfect.. i speak as a man.. when there is a romance hub in both of them my heart flutters imagining that he is not a man.. really very beautiful and great.. despite all that I hesitate to continue even though I like it so much.. thanks to the original author and crew for making this masterpiece.. and hope to find more with such interesting story and connection should 🙏🙏☺
[Spoiler-Free]. . "Blue Lock" is a high-stakes sports anime that has its fair share of pros and cons. On the one hand, the animation is -more or less- good. However, during the more intense action scenes, the animation quality takes a hit, with the use of CGI being particularly noticeable and sometimes detracting from the overall experience.. . When it comes to character design, "Blue Lock" is unfortunately underwhelming. The majority of the designs are repetitive, generic, and lacking in unique features. Some of the designs are even unappealing to look at. Additionally, the representation of football in this anime is unrealistic and not reflective of the sport.. . Another issue ...
Sword Art Online. . . This anime is a really big topic of conversation, either accompanied by enthusiasm or immense dislike. Sword Art Online is an anime that suffers massively from its success and that's only because many people expect too much.. Sword Art Online is far from good, but what many misses is that just because something is overrated doesn't mean it's automatically bad.. . I approached the anime with a relatively negative attitude after hearing for years how "Good" and how "Disastrous" it is. And honestly, I can't relate to any of them. Sword Art Online is simply average. This anime has a healthy balance of good and ...
This show is has all the absolute cliches.. Overpowered MC with no character development, no struggle (everything comes easy). He has it all , a personal harem , person fan club of girls , literal cheering team for when he battles,adoring parents who support his harem 😂 (like they literally want him to have many wives and even more children). Like there is nothing unique but still saying that you can give it a watch and enjoy it if you like such themes is the thing.. Reading till now seems like this can be good only if it's a parody but that's the thing this is the best ...
I have quite some thoughts about this one, so let's write a traditional review! Yeah, 1 episode is still missing, but, very likely, it won't change anything much. Minor spoilers, nothing detailed.. . Good points:. + Fun, unpredictable jokes - mostly present in the first half of the series, though. I was laughing hard at times.. + Somewhat unique main hero, who has some bad points. + Interesting way of storytelling (an uncle telling stories of his past to his nephew in semi-random order). . Bad points:. - Unlogical, simplistic plot - unfortunately, at its core this anime remains a typical isekai. Main hero travels around the world, does mostly random episodic stuff ...
The more you watch, the more mediocre the show is.. Inglis, the main character is cute and a bit charming, but she's really just another "Goku": she just wants a good fight.. The other characters are clichéd and uninteresting. Only Inglis stands out, maybe a little Rafinha.. The story does not hold up throughout the chapters. Inglis is the reincarnation of a powerful King but that'is just the initial premise, after chapter 2 it doesn't matter anymore. Also, like other Anime, she is overpowered but doesn't want to stand out, though she ends up doing so.. Animation is okey. I do like the art style.. This Anime is only ...
I'll be the first to admit, I went into chainsaw man with the expectation that I wouldn't be the biggest fan of the show, since, from what I know about shounen, it never really seemed up my alley. BUT! I had heard incredible things about CSM, so I wanted to give it a shot as my first big shounen. There were many places where chainsaw man defied my expectations! But also many, many moments where the show fell flat to me.. . **premise**. the premise of chainsaw man actually interested me a lot. Though the concept of "man turns into chainsaw to fight monsters" seems kind of silly ...
Ok, I'll be honest, I started watching this anime thinking it was a generic wizarding adventure isekai. But no, I was wrong. It's about 2 classmates who, to kill time, start playing an otome game (girl's game), as part of the main character's practice. But technically speaking this show is not an isekai. The protagonists can be heard within the game, whose characters treat them as gods. Revealing more of the plot could be considered spoilers and I don't want to do any. The story is quite funny. Romance mainly happens within the game, in real life find out for yourself by watching the anime. ...
I haven't read the manga before seeing the show. What I have seen though, was the huge hype it was surrounded with, even going as far back as a year before the release. From the trailers and the glimpses of the anime that I got, and the opinions of those a lot more acquainted with the source material, I joined the hype train. And I shouldn't have. What I expected from the trailers and the "vibe" they gave off was completely off the mark. I expected a dark, sad, gory and gritty story set in a world constantly ravaged by Devils. The only part ...
Its My type isekai trash, I like it.. Soo it's an isekai trash, but a good one:. Story itself is somewhat predictable and has decent vibe watching over it. If you are interested in entrepreneurship you might like it even more.. Animation quality and art-style is biggest letdown: it definitely feels low-budget.. Protagonist uses modern knowledge and skills to make her life and others easier and better.. Rest of the characters are simple and forgettable.. Probably this series ends midways and is forgotten, which is a shame: by reading manga I could say it has a lot of potential to become much better than it is now, especially story-wise.. If you like ...
I decided to watch this movie to entertain my 3 year-old, which it accomplished. However, this simplistic cartoon inspired more thoughts in me than almost any anime or movie I've ever seen. Wave after wave of insights washed over me, a few of which I wouldn't have realized even a year earlier. If nothing else, that's an impressive accomplishment, and something that none of the previous Miyazaki flicks I've seen ("Princess Mononoke", "Castle of Cagliostro", and "Spirited Away") managed.. . Now, let's begin with the most obvious observations into the picture and work our way to the buried treasures;. . MOST SHALLOW: This is an achingly gorgeous ...
*Spoiler free*. How to start this? There are some definite pros and cons to this movie. To start off: visually how the movie looked because this is what I had the biggest gripe with but also I found the best. In the beginning I thought the quality was trash but then I thought to myself “maybe they are going for how the anime looked in the beginning, that older style” which I then actually appreciated and thought was cool. Well that’s until you start comparing it to other scenes. The background and world around them every shot was beautiful. I mean so much detail, vibrant popping ...
This anime is often compared to "slayers", and for good reason - it belongs to the "based fantasy" genre. In other words, generic. And this means that here we will meet goblins, adventurers, medieval cities, magic and other indecency. And with the "slayers" he is related by similar characters and humor.. . Many will think that this is a cheap copy and they will be partially right. But when viewing, I felt that the author still wanted to make it better. Using a single template, he added / changed those elements that he considered missing. I think you often had the feeling that you want to change ...
I'll leave just a short review.... It was okay, but certainly had more potential that was not lived up to. If the story was paced differently and executed differently, the idea would've made for a good show. Unfortunately, it did not execute properly and had a rushed and lackluster finale to say the least.. The story itself was decent, just poorly executed.. The characters were likable, but like the story, fell flat due to execution and pacing. Things were too rushed to really get much out of the characters, especially given how little they were developed in such a time span.. . Wouldn't watch again nor recommend unless you're ...
Story: The story is rather bland but it's great as a palate cleanser from other shows. Everything goes the main character's way, which isn't bad in what feels like a fantasy slice of life.. . Characters: while there isn't much character development in the show, I enjoyed the characters for what they are. The supporting cast made me laugh with their antics and I wanted to root for the main character to solve the issue of the episode.. . Art Style: Pretty colorful with from what I can tell little CGI. No real gritty scenes shown in this show.. . Wrap-up: While nothing to write home about, this show works as ...
If Quentin Tarantino one day said "You know what?!? Fuck it! I want to make an anime now!", this show would definitely be it.. . Anime critics and manga readers sure love to rave about this show, and while I will not deny that it's not bad, it's not nearly up to hype of what everyone expected it to be. That being said, its still a fun time, and I still think it could continue to grow on me if it gets another season. Should you choose to embark into this show, don't listen to what the manga readers or anitubers have to say about it, ...
I didn't read the manga before watching the anime but even I could tell that some of the stories are incomplete — the half-episodes were the worst and I really wish each story was a full 24 minutes because I could tell that the premises were really interesting, they just ended right when I thought it was starting and we didn't have enough time to get to know the characters.. . The art style is decent but I saw a few screenshots of the manga afterwards, and the sshow absolutely does not capture the same eeriness and detail. Still, my favorite ones are Hanging Balloon and Layers ...
Four protagonists, four simple backstories, none of them are too complicated or confusing, Ningen Fushin is the type of anime you shut your brain down to, because you probably won't remember much of it anyway in the end.. . It's good for what it is, but well...what is it? It's an isekai with decent music, decent, sometimes horrible animation, story most won't remember or want to remember, don't get me wrong, it's fun...but it's not the type of fun you'll look fondly back on, Ningen Fushin, if you were handled by an at least better studio, who knows, you might even turned out better.
=====Introduction=====. Psycho-Pass was an anime sitting on my 'Plan to Watch' list for a long time and I finally got around to watching it. I didn't realize how big the franchise was, spanning four movies and three seasons. I can attribute a lot of it to the amazing plot setting and universe that this anime brought to the table. I can also see this anime attracting a largely western audience since it doesn't have several anime tropes. Psycho-Pass has some aspects that are of plain brilliance but also falls short in some key areas. It's a shame because I concluded that an opportunity to create a ...
I have mixed feelings about this anime. Overall, it's mostly fine, with a couple of things that make it frustrating or annoying.. . All the characters are fairly well-developed and the story is pretty straightforward, but most of the comedy comes from all the characters obliviously saying things that can be easily misinterpreted and these misunderstandings happen like 5 times per episode. None of the characters are ever on the same page and constantly believe certain things are going on that actually aren't(someone cheating on their SO, someone being in love with someone they aren't, etc). While I find this kind of humor a little grating on ...
TO-Y has good animation, decent music, a simple story and characters, and overall lacks any staying power. The best thing about the OVA is its animation, while there are some portions that use still’s this is clearly an artistic choice. The music is inoffensive which is a surprise partly due to the counterculture theming of the anime. The OVA focuses less on the music and instead leans more to the dramatic side. This is unfortunate because the characters are not explored deeply and the story leaves much to be desired. It's all rather pointless, nothing changes from the beginning to ...
Keijo is an anime in which the titular new sport, where bikini-clad female competitors use only their boobs and butts to knock each other off a floating platform and into the water below, has exploded in popularity across Japan. Our journey follows Nozomi Kaminashi as she grows from a passionate but unremarkable collegiate athlete into an aspiring professional player. In addition to weaponizing their boobs and butts and using various thrusts and pushes to knock the other girls into the water, many of the competitors have learned special techniques, which for all intents and purposes in this show are basically just magic, and they have ...
When it comes to the world of Anime music, there's always a lot of expectations riding on the songs that accompany each series. So when Shinsei Kammattechan's "Boku no Sensou" was announced as the opening theme for "Shingeki no Kyojin: The Final Season", fans were beyond excited to hear what this song had in store for us. But unfortunately, it seems that this full version of the song fell flat, failing to live up to the hype that had surrounded it.. . It's a common misconception that more is always better. But when it comes to music, it's all about how the pieces fit together. And in ...
A long time ago, when my age didn’t start with “3”... hell it barely started with “1” I had a high fever, about 44 degrees celsius to be exact. I don’t remember much from those 3 days, but I do remember having a really trippy, surreal dream, the kind Hughes Mearns or Salvador Dali would be proud of. In it I saw creatures similar to gnomes and elves that talked to me, some wanted to cut me to little pieces, some wanted to cure me and some just watched with amusement at my suffering. For some reason I want’s scared but more curious about them.. Later ...
A review for people watching/planning to watch the anime and judging the manga from it:. . This is Meiruko-chan all over again, they've added needless fanservice to a show that was perfectly good without it. The manga is a cute and wholesome comedy about a homebody who gets turned into a girl by his sister and has to learn a new world. It's about sibling reconnection, changing as a person, learning to accept yourself and doesn't shy away from female issues. It doesn't sexualise them or glamorise them, however it treats them with a level of comedy AND respect. The anime on the other hand turned Kaede ...
Summary: I was really torn about this anime, I particularly love the game and it was amazing to see an anime of the game and its references, but unfortunately the anime left a lot to be desired, for me what most sinned was the writing of the story, because the animation is beautiful and very faithful to the game, like several scenarios. I really wanted to give this anime a 10, but unfortunately an anime is not just about faithful animation of characters and scenery or reference. So this anime is a turning point, either you'll like it or not, but it's likely that if ...
imagine that someone recommend you go to a restaurant, they tell you about an incredible and novel experience, and although they don't want to spoil it, you know from their conversation that there is a surprise at the end.. And in fact once you arrived, you can't help but feel amazed by the attention to detail that you can observe, everything from the service, to the menu is beautifully crafted; maybe it's a little odd but in a good way.. . When the first dish arrives it is indeed a novel experience, maybe a little heavy for your tastes, but man it's enjoyable; and the next one ...
English. ----------------------. . It's fine but nothing remarkable, just that the protagonist is cute, nothing more.. Typical Otaku Anime Fantasy: The protagonist is a carefree young man, flatter than a board, with his house in disarray. He meets a pretty girl and she cleans his house, tidies him up, cooks for him and they spend a good time together. It has those moments where you say "Come on, Kiss!", and most of them happen at his house.. It is a cute anime for teenagers, with touches of sweetness.. As an adult, I don't recommend it. You can go sleeping watching the episodes.. . Español. ----------------------. ...
If you take a good look at the poster image you'll get the summary of the show - a low budget generic magical academy fantasy harem show with a protagonist that is way too strong (and maybe a bit edgy?) but hides that face from others. This alone is enough to inform that you shouldn't have any expectation other than lower than average generic fantasy, yet it is an endearing mess with quite some heart, that most will overlook. A dark donkey. Not a horse, a donkey.. . This show is based on the first publication and this can is quite visible from the adaptation. While nothing ...
I watched Aria of a Starless Night (the first SAO Progressive movie) two months ago, and I was pleasantly surprised by that movie's solid writing and beautiful visuals. Its thoughtful retcons made the overall story of SAO more coherent and satisfying, so I was looking forward to what Scherzo of Deep Night (this second Progressive movie) would bring to the table.. . This follow-up movie had a lot of pieces to pick up, and unfortunately, most of them failed to connect. The pacing of Scherzo is strange, from the out-of-place jokes to the emotional beats that don't receive enough buildup. Compared to the first movie, Scherzo ...
Uzaki season 2 seems to have lost a little of the luster that made season 1 unique. With the main plot now diving into the "will they, won't they" overarching narrative, Uzaki 2 struggles to keep the minute-to-minute interest and fun in the same manner as its previous season. A large reason for this comes down to the dynamic between the characters. This has shifted from a man vs. woman scenario to a matchmaker scenario, taking away a lot of the fundamental building blocks for how Uzaki wrote its stories. In the previous season, for instance, Uzaki and Sakurai were antagonistic toward each other in ...
The Seven Deadly Sins: Revival of the Commandments. . . This is undoubtedly the BEST season of the entire series and yet it just barely reaches the average standard. Nanatsu no Taizai is not a bad anime/manga, it is simply so average that people either expect too much or are rejecting it from the start. Apart from the simplest shounen concepts and relatively decent background, this shounen offers nothing more.. . One of the main reasons why this shounen didn't succeed was the lack of talent of the author to create actual situations and drama. Most of the scenes had actual potential, but it was just wasted. Fraudin could ...
First thing, I had this anime bookmarked several years ago, and now I'm forcing myself to watch it this year. I have seen so many similar anime like this one that I'm not even surprised anymore. First, the story is very simple but complicated at the same time. No, one word to describe this anime is confusing. You have immortal women trying to kill angels, and since they (the female MC and her assistant, Mimi) can't die, they are trying to "live" by helping human problems. The ecchi in this anime is a big plus (I'm a massive fan of ecchi, so back off) and ...
It's a fine anime. Just slightly good.. . Firstly, the humor is pretty terrible. It's extremely childish. Yet the show is actually quite gory, so I'm not sure why there is so much childish humor.. . The story is ok. It would be better if there was less humor.. . The characters are all bland as hell. No personality.. . The animation is mostly beautiful, but imo people overhype the animation too.. . ...
Decided to watch this as i was curious about all the hate surrounding this show and wanted to see if this show is a complete dumpster fire. In short,this show is flawed but enjoyable.. Aincrad arc. Pros:. From a show that was released in 2012 the animation is stunning and can still hold up today. Good world building(for the floors that were actually covered). Good soundtrack,boss fight music really adds to the atmosphere.. Interesting concept for an anime. Cons:. Piss poor pacing. Some content should have been shortened or cut entirely to give more screen time to supporting characters like klein or agil. Poor pacing also caused important parts to be rushed(jumped from ...
It is made of barely tangibly related things. The transition from one scene to the next scene felt like a fever dream. Story is insignificant as it meant to just go along with dreamlike shenanigans. There's not much to dissect here, girl who has a crush on senpai is made to be a magical girl with lucky powers by her scientist brother to fight evil organization. Some ecchi fanservice moments.. Characters: they're quirky and chaotic in their screen time. Animation: I kinda like the artstyle. The animation is fluid enough to enjoy.. Watch this if you're curious about an obscure OVA.
Spoiler free.. . Episodes 1 - 8 were really good, and made quite a good story surrounding zen seizaki. The problem about this anime are the later episodes, as they kinda start a whole new arc to the story, with forgetting the initial plot to the story. I heard that the manga only went until episode 7 or something. If that's true, i can understand why it takes such a bad turn in the later stages. The ending would have been a nice cliffhanger, if there would be a season 2 to it. But if it is meant to be a ending, it's bad, not only because ...
Kanon 2002 is a very interesting adaptation. Coming out only 3 years after the original visual novel. Toei Animation made their attempt at an adaptation. However due to the 13 episode runtime. Trying to adapt a ~40 hour visual novel has it's obvious issues. The pacing is extremely quick. Overall the series comes off more as a extended summary of the story than an actual adaptation. It is clear an attempt was at least made. The art in this version is rather... odd. There was a clear attempt at trying to mimic the style of the original visual novel, but it really did not work ...
I almost fell asleep while watching it.. And the story is very wtf, I sometimes feel like watching slice of life anime instead of watching action fantasy anime.. . . I think anime that you all find trashy and unpleasant like kanokari is more enjoyable to watch. and the story is really wtf, sometimes it feels like I'm watching slice of life anime instead of watching action fantasy anime.. . . In my opinion, anime that you think is trash and the mc is not good and not smart like kanokari mc is more enjoyable to watch. and stories like anime ex-arm are more exciting to watch. ...
"Ajin Part 1: Shoudou" is a thrilling and thought-provoking film that takes audiences on a journey through the world of immortal beings known as Ajin. The film sets the stage for a larger story, introducing us to our main character Kei Nagai, who learns that he is one of these immortal beings. The film explores themes of identity, survival, and morality as Kei navigates his newfound powers and battles those who seek to exploit him.. . The animation is top-notch, bringing the intense action scenes to life and immersing viewers in the world of Ajin. The voice acting is also superb, delivering powerful and emotional performances that ...
Zombieland saga is a unique parody of an idol show with zombies instead of high school girls as the main group of idols. It excels at certain parts, but also fails at certain parts, though it was still an enjoyable watch nonetheless.. . Let's start with the good parts. The show has a great focus on its characters, which is something you rarely see in shows with a huge female cast, such as idol, CGDCT, SOL shows etc. The first few episodes introduces us to the bizarre cast of characters, all with different backgrounds and even from different time periods. The best character though is hands down ...
It's interesting, yet confusing at the same point. Animation and voice acting are defiantly the saving point of this OVA. The story is a bit confusing but doesn't take too much from the anime.. . The characters are likable, and well it's good they have comedy between them.. . I also gotta praise that the composer of this OVA did a really good job, the music is nice and relaxing, specially at the end credits.. . It's also interesting not seeing much of the locations but again that doesn't make it a bad anime.. . As for liking the series.....if this is your cup of coffee give it a try, ...
I have no idea what to think of this movie. At first, I thought I was looking at a Dadaist art piece, the next moment I just feel like this makes no sense and I'm wasting my time, the third there is randomly out of nowhere an amazing scene with some beautiful (and actually coherent) symbolism to it that makes sense and I love every moment of.. But that's what makes it so hard to decide what this movie is about, because there is glimpses of sanity in there but the rest is just a mess of words that don't make any sense and seemingly have ...
I stumbled upon this anime by accident, attracted by a funny figure looking like Moyai statue on its poster. Later I saw that the main character of this show is voiced by Tomokazu Sugita, whom I like a lot. That was another positive point that eventually made me try out this series. The fact that it was not a typical isekai anime was also a positive thing to me, since I'm not really fond of isekai animes.. . Upon finishing it, I didn't know what to think, to be honest. It is a short series, so don't expect complex characters. Rather than that, I'd suggest treating this ...
I recently watched the anime "Snickers x Shingeki no Kyojin" and gave it a 6 out of 10. The animation was well done and the character designs were impressive, but the plot felt lacking. The combination of the Snickers brand and the intense world of Attack on Titan seemed forced and detract from the serious tone of the original series. Additionally, the humor fell flat in many instances and did not add much to the overall viewing experience. While the action scenes were well choreographed, they did not make up for the weak story. Overall, it was an average watch with some good points, but ...
This was an ok continuation of the first movie, but it felt lacking in many parts.. . I was under the impression that this would showcase the world of Aincrad through Asuna's point of view, like the first movie. However, it was not like that. There is very little exploration of Aincrad, even though the characters in the story talks about 'how to live life in Aincrad'. It's also not clear whether the story is from Asuna or Kirito's perspective. I think if they committed to the idea of world building from Asuna's point of view, the story would have been much better, like the first movie. ...
Spy Kyoushitsu (or Spy Room if you want) is not Spy x Family and neither Assassination Classroom. Actually, it's more like Love Live with dark palette + The Transporter.. . The show centers around (initially) seven girls that, after succeeding at their spy classes, are placed into a mansion in order to fully graduate. The leader of them attends by the name of Lily. There, they meet their teacher, called Klaus. He is an experienced spy and has a dark past, that gets explored later.. . The story gets wings after they receive an "Impossible Mission" in hands. Which consists of getting information from enemy ground. The ...
I swear I love romance, I'm not a grumpy old man. It's just that the romance in this anime is presented in such a cheesy, immature and lying way. Sure, if it's done well, the silliness and immaturity can come close to the innocence of young relationships, but no. Here the interactions between our two characters do not make me dream and make me roll my eyes instead.. . There are plenty of better-rated romances and I would advise you to discover others before falling into this cliché that is only good for wasting time.. (but at least, we lose time). . 5 outta 10
The Eminence in Shadow? Nah, this is probably the Eminence in ABCs (Atrocity, Boobs and Cringe). I'm not sure about you, but that's how I feel about this show.. . This whole anime can be boiled down as "Overly-edgy MC tried to become the best Mob-kun in the most absurd way possible with a harem of non-human females that wants to fuck with him".. . Big problem comes with the narrative. For a comedy, it is too serious to make it as funny. And I hate MCs who are obscured about the events happening around them. Animation is good, except for the so-called "shadows", which look like black, ...
Very middle of the road, it does many things right but it fails at being memorable.. . The story while good and rather simple as a whole, telling a story that when you want to receive something you also need to give up something in return, but doesn't have a single moment or episode that stands out more than the others. We have the dog scene which was so memed to death that when it happened, it had no impact whatsoever. And then there's Roy Mustang's moments which are by far the best ones as he's the best character in the show.. . While in the topic, besides Roy, ...
Robot Carnival is an anthology film featuring nine shorts. They are all well animated and have amazing visuals. I personally found the first half more enjoyable than the second but this is largely subjective. The individual narratives of the films are decent, but it's obvious that the main focus was on the animation. Robot Carnival is unique. It's hard to recommend to anyone who enjoys complex characters and stories. But for anyone who just loves raw animation and visual talent this OVA is a no brainer. If you're on the fence, Robot Carnival is definitely worth the watch ...
Some MyAnimeList reviews still act like a public morals committee a.k.a SJWs. People can't just take a break. The sypnosis is enough to give you information that this is not a conventional show, yet the reviews double down on that sypnosis and go fault finding.. . Is it a show that disregards morals? You could argue that's the case. Is it a fictional setting where something can only happen in a realm of impossibility? Absolutely. Is it weird for you? Don't watch, simple principle.. . Trust me, it will be weird. There will be parts of the show that are just totally awkward.. . Let me repeat this: The sypnosis. Read ...
Wolf's Rain is a gorgeous anime with a great soundtrack that will bring you to tears if you are a dog lover. However, the plot leaves a lot to be desired. I think if you have a particular affinity towards dogs and feel like looking at pretty things and crying, this could be an enjoyable series for you.. . If you've watched Cowboy Bebop, you'll recognize a lot of the elements here. The soundtrack in both is done by Yoko Kanno. The character designs are similar to Cowboy Bebop. The English Dub has a lot of the same voice actors. The overall art direction and ambiance of ...
Chivalry of a Failed Light Novel Adaptation.. . I want to like The Iceblade Sorcerer Shall Rule the World. At heart, it is, of course, a juvenile, chunibyou, male power fantasy anime adaptation of a *sigh* light novel, but unlike its contemporaries airing this winter (excluding Eminence of Shadow), it is somewhat charming.. . I like Ray White as a protagonist. Not only is he shredded as hell he is also unabashedly kind to everyone he meets no matter their social status or if they’re being a complete asshole to his face. This is a juvenile chunibyou, male power fantasy light novel anime so he will eventually ...
I REALLY wanted to like this one. The art style feels very special, the world is interesting to some extend and watching some DIY sounded fun.. . The art style is 10/10. Obviously it does not look like Violet Evergarden or any other series that is so clean. But the palette and the way it’s made is gorgeous. Just feels completely different.. I am in Love with the ED song. Man, it feels so heavy and relaxing at the same time. While the cat and the dog (forget it’s names) are building the guitar…. . That’s about it unfortunately. I enjoyed the first 3-4 episodes. After that i had to ...
I dont know i just said it pure my opinion and how i feel about the show. First, Character is like jojo for some kind reason, they copy all jojo like character with big muscle and talk with very loud noise is kinda annoying for me, character also feel like so generic, nothing stand out especially new character introduce in S2, character in S2 just there to make plot move, nothing really invest right here, also dont forget that main cast of this anime feel like noone, they are just appear there, talk a single word then move on to mc, thats all. Second because ...
3Piece, prequel to the legendary hentai OVA series Master Piece, fails to meet the lofty expectations set before it due to poor production quality. This in no doubt a consequence of the sudden change in studios from T-Rex to the less reputable "Studio 1" that has no notable titles under their name. That stings to acknowledge as the Master Piece is arguably the greatest hentai to ever have been produced, and this is merely okay by comparison.. . All returning fans wanted to see here is more of Mira getting fucked by her loving stepson. She is on the Mount Rushmore of anime MILFs and any content ...
It's a basic enjoyable time passing anime.. It is yet another attempt to make a slightly different isekai but the basic concept is same. You go on killing monsters leveling up and so on.. The few things which are good about it are the fact that it gives importance to the sword wielder "Fran"(exceptionally cute and dedicated character) and thus is not just the story about our reincarnated sword protagonist.. One of the facts that I loved about it is that the reincarnated protagonist isn't shown as a totally new found exceptionally resilient person, hell bent on making his reincarnated life better then his last.. The reincarnated ...
I’ve never watched a show that was so dog shit, but for some reason I kept watching. Maybe because the main character is such a pathetic loser, yet still manages to get all these bitches, which leads to me questioning my very existence. I have exactly zero bitches, and it will probably remain that way as long as I keep watching this show. I guess what I'm saying is that I'm jealous that this loser of a protagonist gets way more bitches than me, when he's a complete idiot. Overall, it wasn't completely awful, but I would've watched something else if I had known more ...
You know your typical isekai/ transported to another world type of generic anime... . Isekai meikyuu give you some fresh slice of life and somehow dark at a certain point. The mc is not fool, the waifu are top tier.. There's only one thing that bother me is the title is "Harem" yet only cover two waifu.. I knew they give us the glimpse of the other fmc's but it kinda sad the story waste a lot of episode on repetitive dungeon exploration and gourmet theme... . Meanwhile the artsyle is good, a top tier for me. . Just the fmc's stupidity can be seen at ...
Toradora is a massively popular slice of life/drama/romance/school anime that many harbor nostalgia for and thinks of fondly. It’s also quite highly rated and many love it and recommend it. Now although Toradora is far from the worst show I’ve watched, it’s still prettty mediocre. From its utter lack of interesting character development, to a blatant disregard for any sense of originality Toradora is an honest mess and I don’t know why people think it’s good.. . Let’s start with the good, it looks nice with fairly decent animation that is consistent. Taiga is a fairy enjoyable character who I quite enjoyed. Honestly, that’s it. The rest ...
Even though this has the word 'yuri' in the title, I didn't realise this was a yuri anime until I watched it! Yuri = lesbian in Japanese, so the title roughly translates to 'Lesbian Bear Storm' which sounds a lot tackier, almost like 'Lesbian Vampire Killers'.. . So yes, there are lesbians, and yes, there are bears. And yes, it is weird. But I didn't expect any less from the director of Revolutionary Girl Utena, Mawaru Penguindrum and Sailor Moon. In fact, in some bizarre way, I expected more. But I'm getting ahead of myself.. . In the show, the world is separated into two parts by a huge ...
This anime is bad. Like, watchable bad, if you take into consideration that I enjoy bad/stupid/grotesque/unrealistic series. Idk why I just like hating bad shows, they're so easy to binge watch. But this time it was enough to motivate me to write a review. There's even words in ALLCAPS in there. Thats how ???? i'm left after watching the first 6 episodes.. . Lookism has NO realism whatsoever. Most characters are pushed to the extremes. The only one that could seem interesting DOESNT TALK. Talking is also a big issue in this series as dialogues are pretty empty. The characters never exchange ONE SINGLE MEANINGFUL sentence. They ...
this anime is just fine. the tomboy thing is a nice addition to the waifu anime trend. but there is a big problem in this show : Misuzu.. . she's the cold "friend" who looks cool and all. she might have a reason for being this cold with everyone. but she's also mean. like really mean, for no reason, and therefore, not cool at all. and EVERYONE (and i mean everyone in the show AND everyone watching the show) seem to like this f**kin b*tch. i don't get it.. . in episode 5, we meet Carol's mother, who is Carol but taller, with shorter hair and a stronger accent. ...
First up this anime is not as bad as people say it is. It's a perspective show sure. A bit of ecchi (not expecting barrier breaking like another manga did it's just ecchi and privacy boundaries pushing because ecchi more likely) but mostly a find out why he is an animal and also what his crush actually is like besides well. Whatever else it throws. Sure it's a bit eh of 'it could be creepy but it really isn't if you actually notice elements. Gender bend isn't so it could be a fair anime (will reference another manga that I just reviewed before this one ...
A sweet, very lightweight romance and a poor man's Teasing Master Takagi-san. The main character leads a quiet life with noone even noticing if he's there until Kubo, the pretty girl who sits next to him in class, starts paying attention to him. Gentle comedy ensues.. . It is very obvious she has a crush on him and only teases him very gently, but rather inserts herself in his life.. . All this is a pleasant and relaxing blandness. The main issue is the main character. In order to demonstrate why he has been socially invisible, pains have been taken to make him as bland, unassertive, and self effacing ...
I'm going to keep this short and sweet, since most reviewers on here like the go on and on with word dribble. The main character is the most boring, soulless, spineless, and uninteresting character you'll ever see. Even his damn voice is boring. Someone will of course say "hurrr but thats how he's supposed to be!" That does not make it any less terrible. I cannot stand this guy, there is genuinely nothing close to interesting or entertaining or relatable about this guy, He is watching paint dry personified. I'm not sure if this is some self insert bullshit or not, but I have ...
I only rated it 7 because of the my villain academia part. I know because I'm a huge villain fan it might effect my opinions but they really did a great job animating villain parts. I haven't watched season 6 yet but I'm still going to watch it because of the villains. I'm sorry but they really made it a child show after season 3. I hope horikoshi will change his mind and we can see better contents. If you will only watch it for villains then start watching it by episode 20. If you want to watch high schoolers doing nothing then watch the ...
You might think that my rating is rather low, and i agree!. Claymore seems (and is) a hidden gem, but only during the time it follows the real story. Episodes 1-24 were excellent, but there was a change in directorship near the end. An adaptation that had so much potential devolves into an unhinged, absolutely unforgivable ending. Why? I think there is a simple explanation. The financiers who greenlit the adaptation decided, surely on good, sensible and self-serving grounds, that Claymore would be a one-season thing. What's a studio to do? You go against your professional dignity to secure your funding, as any prudent bussines ...
Reading this there aren't major or any kind of spoilers.. Thus far into watching it I do think that the anime is very good. I enjoy the parody of the entire isekai genre but at the same time I think is also it's weakness. Apart from the parodying, there isn't too much I could say which makes this one stand out above the rest. Yes yes guy gets reincarnated then becomes op, big deal, there's plenty of other isekais that stride the same path. Hence why, despite the comedy and humour which I enjoy very much, I feel limited and can't really give this anime much ...
This movie had been hyped up for a long time post release. The promotion made it seem like another one of the "Your Name," or "Weathering with You" type of movies. The trailer looked nice with the same style of interesting, relatable leads and gorgeous animation, so I thought I was in for a treat.. But to me, that was all a lie.. . Instead, I was met with a movie with insufferable and bland characters, and a bland plot masked by the animation quality. People complain about Disney movie plots, but this felt even more generic. The characters are "real" in the same way teen drama show ...
I don't usually write reviews, but this one was a ride, and overall I would actually say I actually liked this anime. Most characters are believable, i could see them responding in the way they did if a human was put in the same position. with the sole exception being our main character, who has a willpower the strength of a goddamn diamond. The premise is good and one that has been rarely explored. However, there is one thing that bothered me as the series went on, something that was never addressed, something that made the premise kind of irrelevant and implausible.. . It's in the synopsis, ...
Nanatsu no Taizai. . . Reading the Seven Deadly Sins manga was a relatively positive experience. Although it was quite dull and almost failed to stand out from the average, it possessed charm, likable characters, dynamic fights, and decent pacing. For an average shounen, this is already a lot of praise. And having finished reading the manga years ago, I was eager to see the anime as well, despite rumors of how bad it would later become.. . The first season of this Anime is practically an oversized prologue and doesn't offer anything to the viewer, other than character introductions and a line-up of the most boring fights in ...
What is this show about? The story is simple enough, but what is the point of it? The all-powerful demon lord is reborn as the all-powerful demon lord. He chooses to go to demon lord academy. Why? It seems he knows the entire curriculum already, and if he wanted to be demon lord again, he could just steam roller his way back into position immediately. On the other hand, if he doesn't want to be demon lord again, why go to the academy at all?. . Here we have the central confusion. The main character is so powerful that he has no challenges to overcome. He ...
I really tried my best to give this show a chance watch through 4 episodes but in turn I got maybe one of the blandest shows this season.. . The main problem right off the bat are the 2 main characters which have absolutely 0 chemistry outside the fabricated "romance" sections. Why do I say that? Let's talk about the leads.. . Shiraishi is a good guy and "invisible". Oh not to forget for some reason he is also as dense as a brick. Its pretty hard for me to really talk about him since there is just no substance to him at all. Most of the "jokes" ...
Prior to starting this show, I'd been eager to take that first step towards getting into the iDOLM@STER series one day, so of course I ended up here at the very first iDOLM@STER anime. Seeing the mixed reception this specific take on the series has made me all the more curious to watch it myself and I didn't really have too many expectations for it only wanting it to be decent...and I feel safe to say that that is exactly how I ended up feeling about this: it's really decent.. . For the Mondenkind girls (Protagonists) we start with: Haruka, Iori, Makoto, Ritsuko, Azusa, Yukiho, & ...
For those who don't know,this anime is based on the videogame of the same name "Seiken Densetsu" or Legend of mana" in the west. The game is very charming with its "children story book" aesthetic and non linear story telling. But,the there is tiny detail that should be mentioned is that the game doesn't really explore neither your characters's (considering you are a "silent protagonist") or other character's personalities. That just isn't what the game is. The point is to explore the world and meet its many quirky characters. The world of mana is the "true protagonist" of the game.. . And,well,considering all that,how can all ...
"THE RISING OF THE SHIELD HERO 2ND SEASON". . Genre- Action, Adventure, Drama, Fantasy, Magic, Supernatural, Super Power.. . Kicking things off from the 1st Season, the sequel begins right where it left. While the anime needs no introduction as a whole, it should still be noted that the sequel makes the whole plot of the anime more interesting and widens the anime area by tenfolds or even more.. . With Naofumi and his party successfully saving the world from 'The Waves' and its calamity, this season brings us two main side stories that connect the main plot and increase the anime's background to other spaces and dimensions. One is the ...
I do have some personal bias towards this isekai anime as I've been waiting for a show that delves into modern medicine, however this anime left so many things out while having many good opportunities wasted. This whole show had a good premise but somehow the author wasted it's potential.. . After binge watching this show, it was a slow climb as the main character had to overcome certain challenges but once the showed peaked things went downhill and fast. Certain areas of the show that could've had more time spent were completely rushed out the door in order to just keep moving the plot along to ...
Read the manga instead.. . Japanese animation studios have recently become fascinated with using CG in their work flow. I have no idea why. It looks terrible.. . As a master once said: “Whoever creates this stuff has no idea what pain is whatsoever. I am utterly disgusted. If you really want to make creepy stuff, you can go ahead and do it. I would never wish to incorporate this technology into my work at all. I strongly feel that this is an insult to life itself.”. . "I Believe the Tool of an Animator Is the Pencil" - Hayao Miyazaki. . I find it offensive particularly because the art in the manga ...
Good female characters however very unrealistic ugly bastard lead and ntr element ruined it, pretty good animation and scenes otherwise. . Ntr bad, ugly bastard made it worse, ntr is very cringe, very good animation, bad mc. Great girls, good scenes, ntr sucks, ntr is for cucks, losers enjoy ntr, ntr is for simps. Ntr bad, ugly bastard made it worse, ntr is very cringe, very good animation, bad mc. Great girls, good scenes, ntr sucks, ntr is for cucks, losers enjoy ntr, ntr is for simps. Ntr bad, ugly bastard made it worse, ntr is very cringe, very good animation, bad mc. Great girls, good scenes, ...
I watched this movie in theatres, and for a first time watching anime in theatres, I found it quite pleasant.. . However, I will say that my score of 7/10 comes most likely due to how Rimuru and Diablo-deprived I've become, so I was content just being able to see new content. Realistically, the movie is a 6.. . The action was a bit lacking imo, the events are SUPER plot convinient, and I feel overall although I welcome it, this movie was completely unnecessary.. . I believe you have to be a Tensura fan to enjoy this. Even then, it's still nothing exceptional. Overall though, I did very ...
As far as Isekai anime goes, this is somewhere in the middle of the road.. . The show's Isekai restaurant premise has already been done once before, but this one is a step-up from Isekai Nobu.. The animation and character models are great for what the show tries to do but nothing that stands out so much to make this a "Top tier" Isekai anime.. . The show doesn't have a plot line, only episodic tales that only gives insight to how the fantasy world works through each characters personal experiences with the main character (If we could call him that) the chef of the restaurant, offering each ...
