I think it's one of the best isekai. The beginning is basic like many isekai but the story is really pleasant and well-crafted. There is development, action, twists and turns. Even if you dont like isekai anime that much I think you will enjoy watching this.. . The MC can seem somewhat boring sometimes but it is nevertheless pleasant to see him evolve, he is not OP like a lot of isekai prota and ESPECIALLY his progression is logical because he becomes strong by training. And the other characters are just as pleasant to follow.. . Hope we get a new season.
Well, where to begin! The story is unique, most of the time elf was seen as a fan service but this time the shit got real. Probably the most famous elf of this era. Frieren is op ! But it’s also a good one for man of culture as well . Besides the comedy is gold. It was really enjoyable and hope it will return sooner. Here’s how it goes :. Story is great and unique. Art style was also great. All the characters are GIGACHAD alpha ! Specially Stark and Eisen . But Heiter and Himmel gives the most deep moments of the anime. It ...
This is the first anime I've written a review like this. Frieren is the best anime I have ever watched, from the entrance, the characters, the story, everything is the best! I like how in this story all the characters have their own parts, and this is the first time I like all the flashbacks, I really like the implied and explicit messages of this anime.. . After finishing this anime, I'm curious whether there is a story that is similar to this anime? ha ha ha.. . I can guarantee that slice of life and fantasy fans will really enjoy watching it.
Works from SHAFT, such as their beloved monogatari series, often make me question how to even watch the damn thing. This absolute fever dream of an anime is like watching multiple shows, commercial breaks, fitness shows, drama/sitcom openings (no seriously, the anime contains all of these), or whatever other ADHD-fueled madness they have in store all at the same time. Its constantly changing art style which feature real-life imagery crudely slapped on top of the animation. The quick-paced cuts which force you to hover over the spacebar if you want to catch all of the little texts and gags the show has to offer. Their ...
For a gimmick Isekai anime, it was surprising. It didn't feel cliché at all. There are many characters all with different powers, sages and even invaders from "other worlds". Also, the real world is represented, when in many Isekai you barely see it and then forget about it, in fact the MC gets his OP power from the real world and not the Isekai, and I thought this was a very original trope.. . Now there are many many deaths and you realize the MC isn't a typical "hero" character but actually a kind of like a roman god that doesn't follow idealistic human morality, another point ...
Sound! Euphonium: Ensemble Contest Arc is the first installment in this series that fully features Kumiko Oumae as the president for Kitauji’s concert band club. I don’t have too much to say about this TV special other than it’s a decent OVA that focuses on Kumiko in a role she’s never been in before. I really like how this arc is just centered around Kumiko not having her shit together, which works really well for her character as she struggles and learns all of the hardships of being THE leader of the concert band club. This TV special alludes to and references the struggles that ...
This is a really light-hearted and sweet anime adaptation of a parody of sentai, shounen, and even shoujo works to a degree, with a delightful cast, phenomenal voice acting, lovely art and music, and overall a very funny and sweet feel to it. Each episode just makes you relax and laugh. It's all around a very relatable story about work-life balance, worker protections, friendship, and found family. It plays delightfully with the never-ending nature of the genres it's parodying, with the, "I'll get you next time" nature of it. Underneath the humor and warmth is a lovely layer of of intricate and fun world-building. The ...
Just wanted to write a short paragraph, cause a lot of people are giving unfair reviews that basically boil down to "this show isn't what I wanted it to be, it sucks, 0/10". Here's the thing, if you're looking for a show about zombies, this isn't it. Yes, I know, it literally says "zombie" in its title, but this is not actually meant to be a serious show about surviving a zombie apocalypse.. . The whole point of this show is that its social commentary about just how fucked our modern society (and particularly japanese working culture) is, and how it messes people up. How japanese salarymen ...
"If I don't have to do something, I won't, but if I have to, I'll do it quickly". . Hyouka has been in my top 3 anime for a long time and that would never change. KyoAni are probably the best studio to touch this work and I love them so much for that. For the most part, its about Oreki, the main protagonist, getting out of the corner he's shoved himself in and experiencing new things. Mysteries are there sure, but for the most part Oreki starts to get used to the friend group that invited him in. All because of a club his sister ...
I don't particularly think Undead Unluck excels on any of the core elements I look for when I'm watching an anime. It has average visuals and animation, a few interesting characters that are rather quirky than deep, and despite its story constantly hinting something more interesting it wastes its times going over already established points with exhausting flashbacks and overplaying emotional bits to the point it sometimes becomes comical. With all these faults point out we may well conclude that what made me like it so much and excited to watch it every single week may well be irrational, but it's something worth it elaborate ...
Quick review: After finishing the series I thought about where this anime ranks personally for me. I came to the conclusion that, although I have beloved anime in the past like FMA and Code Geass just to name a couple, this takes the top for me, and I've figured out why.. . With entertainment these days you get really used to the rush of it. Movies are short and new anime have around 13 ep seasons, some are bangers and most are.. not. When I watched frieren I was able to really become engrossed with the characters and the calmness of it that accompanied it's moments of ...
“Farming in another world with my insane rizz”. . A funny show to turn your brain off too, watched this with the homies and we had a few great chuckles.. . . . ChatGPT:. . "**My Next Life as a Villainess: All Routes Lead to Doom! Review**:. . This anime is a delightful twist on the isekai genre, offering a refreshing take on the typical protagonist. Katarina Claes is a lovable and quirky character whose antics keep you entertained throughout. The story's unique premise of trying to avoid doom flags adds a layer of suspense and humor that keeps viewers engaged. The diverse cast of characters each brings their own charm to the story, ...
Honestly its not often that storytelling, characters, and animation all reach this level. This is truly a masterpiece, but definitely a different feel. It really evokes a lot of complex feelings, about life, love, and putting the journey before the destination.. . The characters are all amazing, and the show spends time delving into their quirks and what makes them tick.. . I loved every episode and for half a year eagerly awaited Fridays for this to release the next episode. Truly a one of a kind adventure. Extremely unique anime. Loved the characters and their quirks. I genuinely think that if most people give this a shot they ...
Chiyu Mahou no Machigatta Tsukaikata is a simple isekai, with more to give, I feel. Hopefully it returns for season 2 to allow this plot some time to cook. The story doesn't do much in this season, but I felt intrigued still by the end of season 1, and can see potential for the series, if it's done correctly. If it is just demons vs humans, then it won't reach that potential. If it begins to world build beyond that premise, then we have a chance. I definitely want to see more, as I enjoyed the training, and character growth.. . Animation ...
SPOILER-FREE. This is one of the best romantic shows of the last few years: wholesome, heartwarming, with a unique theme explored throughout the series. It's not perfect, and might not be for everyone, especially if you prefer complex characters and more tension in the story department. Nevertheless, it is able to deliver some of the most memorable sentimental scenes I have watched in a long time.. . STORY: 7/10. First, let's address the elephant in the room: this is no "Silent Voice". Themes and tone are completely different, and the writing of this show is a lot less dramatic.. Then let's move onto the good points: the main ...
The Wrong Way to Use Healing Magic is a good isekai not amazing but good one. Two friends of Usato gets sommoned to another world to be heroes while this happens Usato accidentally gets summoned with them and we learn that he has powers to but not ordinary fighting powers. He is a healer, healers is a rare in this world and the main of them is a pretty scary woman whose name is Rose. After Rose learns about Usato power she start to train him but it’s not your normal training this training is needed to make him physically strong and how he can ...
This movie accomplishes so much in a two hour time-run, and has at no-point been unengaging. It does so much justice with the story left off from the end of SEED Destiny, by building up on what has already been established, as opposed to creating something completely different. Moreover, it explores the horrors that comes with segregating people based on genetics and skills, and the consequences it has on human and societal development.. . As such, all the characters are written perfectly; even reamending characters that were previously despised in the last series to the point they are now beloved (Shinn Asuka). Both the music and animation ...
Kawaii! So cute, so wholesome. The Weakest Tamer is a non-standard isekai story where the main character is unexpectedly weak, so instead of tons of usual fighting stuff, this isekai gives us cute slice of life along with survival themes.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 8/10. -----------------------------------------------. . Good art and animations across the board. The show features mostly slice of life stuff which involves pretty mundane activities, but the good quality animations really add some weight to everything we see, and really brings the story to life.. . . Sound / Music / Voice Acting - 8/10. ...
Chiyu Mahou ended up being one of those pleasant surprises this season. At first glance from the title alone, I was expecting another somewhat generic healer/pharmacy style anime of which we’ve had several lately. However, after the first few episodes I quickly realised this had way more potential than I thought and I ultimately think it lived up to that.. . This show’s got a few things going for it that really make it good for me. The first is that we have a group isekai. Not an entire class, but a trio of friends. Usato, Suzune and Kazuki are unexpectedly summoned to another world while ...
“This looks like an Otome game ; Oh right, it's one” -Yumiella Dolkness. . In a world where the Isekai genre is dissimilar to the Otome game/Villainess genre, you get a lot of anime which are very basic and don't reinvent the wheel. From the few Otome game anime that I've watched, it never clicked right. It was always a bit too girlish and unoriginal. But then, out of the blue, a new fighter joined the arena, it's called... *clears throat* Villainess Level 99 : I May Be The Hidden Boss But I'm Not The Demon Lord ! (At this point in this current day and age, ...
Wait, wait, I know what you're thinking.... . It is an old anime, and it isn't as pretty as Fruit Basket or My Happy Marriage. I'm just asking you to hear me out!. . An unpopular opinion, this anime is SO underrated by the romance anime community. It's your typical high school rom-com, cute moments type anime. I would never call this a masterpiece but, if you ever got nothing to watch then, slap on this 26 ep fun comedy.. . The characters are lovable and it's just the right amount of comedy. ;). . Say whatever you want - I did watch this in dubbed rather than subbed by ...
Ahhahhaaa This is the best Isekai in a landscape of Isekais. . Who is this for?. Someone wanting a light-hearted comedy/romance/action adventure. It's not massively complex, but the character interactions are well done and it is compelling and emotive. I thoroughly enjoyed this.. . Characters:. Largely grounded in ambitions with some over the topness for effect but largely realistic dialogue, the story focuses principally on Usato the MC, his new boss, and the character with a romantic interest on him. With other characters given enough background to make sure you know who they are and what their ambitions might be.. . Animation and Artwork:. Nothing over the top here, but it's ...
its just the type of anime(s) that were made back then. they have the most longevity and staying power.. still incredibly amazing after so many years. the characters were full (no pun) kinda crazy, colorful and fun. as was the art.. . emotional times were hard hitting and got us all in the chests.. most anime from these times are very unique and deeply thought of.. . i was more immersed in anime from this era, too. FMA being one of the top.. . idk what else MAL wants from me 😂🙏🏻 i saw the anime plenty times.. i love it. im not creative with words.
It's good. Very good. Solidly in the top three best anime ever made, right alongside Made in Abyss and Monogatari. We'll see in the future which one of the three comes out on top, as the Monogatari series is (sorta) ended, while Frieren has a few technical and thematic tightropes it needs to finish walking before I can confidently declare it the best. Made in Abyss executes slightly worse than either in the beginning, but has the raw potential to clinch the top spot if the ending executes well. Maybe.. . Frieren's strengths are in its characters, which are realistic, varied, and constantly growing both together and ...
🇧🇷 Portuguese Review Below. ----------------------------. . Oikawa gentlemen, and absurd and exciting development, just.: 10/10 🌟. . This sequel delivers everything and more of what we wanted from Haikyuu!!.. . New characters join the group, such as Yachi, and with her, a whole development takes place together with fights and disagreements between the main characters and secondary characters who until then did not have much space in the 1st season (such as Shimizu, Oikawa, Yamaguchi, Tsukishima, among others...), everything develops in a very exciting way.. . I confess that I'm one of those people who was rooting for Hinata's romance with Yachi, since the two are very good together and one was essential for ...
it is a nice anime although ivy is too shy and underestimate herself too much like she played a major role in taking down the organisation be pround you are strong😂 but anyways it is a wholesome anime with good character developement and nicely designed backstory. i think character design was very good and like animation was great because unlike this anime mostly anime nowadays use too much cgi..like i know they have limited budget but itz like some have really bad merging and cgi feels too much artificial and even though there were so many character each character was well designed despite their different looks ...
SUCH A GOOD ANIME IT IS A MUST WATCH. first of fall i think it got such a outstanding animation and i think one of the best animated anime released among the currently airing.. jokes were on point and inukami sempai i think is getting among top position on my waifu list. not only animation quality but i think the character design was also one of the best like i have never seen such a cute demon and even other female character were such beautiful and cute.. this was such a good concept and unique even though many medical and healing magic related anime are released i think i ...
Yet another isekai, a genre that I'm sure many of us are sick of at this point. Initially, I had skipped over this one without a second thought, until it was recommended to me. I'm glad it was though, because Healing Magic did just enough to set itself apart from the run of the mill isekai, along with not falling into some of the typical pitfalls that prevent so many isekai in this genre from being better than "meh".. . The opening episode is exactly what you'd expect, they're just walking along and suddenly a portal opens up and they've been isekai'd. It doesn't add or remove ...
When this show ended, i felt so blank. Like this is the first time i catch a show release by week. Rather than binge watching it at the end of season. Frieren truly bringing new kind of show that's can make a person cry, laugh, and destroyed in second. The last one can simply because we know that Madhouse made a new kind of standard for anime show suppose to be aired, almost flawless in the eyes of myself and maybe others. But we know its just the matter of perspective.. . If you telling me that Frieren is not suppose to be number 1 show ...
I'm finding it hard to understand why people hate this anime. I guess it's likely due to the sentiment of being 'overrated'.. I think Frieren absolutely deserves its spot as the Greatest Anime of All Time alongside FMAB and Steins;Gate.. Ill get to the more objective bit in a moment, but I'd like to Preface why I love this anime so much.. I grew up playing Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim when it first released. 13 years on I am still playing it and I love it. Skyrim gave me that sense of 'Adventure' where there is the great outer wilds with magic, monsters and mystery. It is incredibly ...
A fun anime following an apothecary with her adventures in China's rear palace. It's a fun approach to use Alchemy and Herbal techniques to problem solve complications. Maomao's character is really entertaining and takes a strong place as an entertaining, fun and highly unique characteristic female lead. Episodes follow the trend of a problem occurring which Maomao will solve using a mix of her Apothecary skills and Detective Intuition. Bit by bit towards the latter half of the series, we find out the incidents are actually connected and it culminates in a climatic event whilst also connecting to Maomao's past and how deeply she and ...
The Wrong Way to Use Healing Magic - Is this Redo of Healer ver 2.0? If not, what is this then?. . Every year, in and out, I always think to myself: "What's the best way to market Isekai works without having any of the stereotypical tried-and-true obvious "word search" counters like "Isekai", "Overpowered" and the like, without looking too offensive nor too generic to the Average Joe?" And like most of you, I've likely found that title by accident through its unassuming presentation, that however, takes a methodical approach to the whole "being Isekai-ed" measure. May I introduce to you: novelist Kurokata's Chiyu Mahou no Machigatta ...
So.....before we move on to the season of ‘Big Isekais’, Winter 2024 quietly delivered some decent shows within the same genre. Among them, ‘The Wrong Way to Use Healing Magic’ is probably the one closest to being termed ‘Generic’. However, it handles certain aspects so well that the ‘Generic’ or ‘Clichéd’ elements become almost negligible. ‘The Wrong Way to Use Healing Magic’ was unexpectedly a good watch.. . Plot(7/10):. . The first 20 minutes of this anime mostly contain the ‘clichéd stuff’. Multiple students get summoned in a hero summoning, and the protagonist receives the least powerful ability (Healing). Everything up to this point is what you would ...
Isekai... a genre we all supposedly love, right? I mean, apparently enough people do because recently it was just added to the Oxford English Dictionary. Well, I don't. But apparently, Japan does. Every year, we're bombarded with at least fifty isekai series, and I'd wager at least forty-five of them are your typical "I'm so overpowered, no one can rival me in this world" nonsense. And that's precisely why isekai gets a bad rap. Historically, it's been labeled as lazy, low-effort, cash-grabbing, you name it (because, let's face it, they are). Words I completely agree with. So naturally, going into this one, I had the ...
Very interesting this show is left with poor popularity and couldn't get the sequel.. . It's one of the few shows with amazing world building. Mangaka has a vast knowledge of European history, geography, nations, interactions of the nations, and she managed to create a mini version of historic Europe in Istanbul territory with a completely fantastical setting. I find this incredible.. . We follow our mc and his entourage from city to city, all of which has different characteristics and hardships to be solved. We dive into schemes and betrayals, exciting military strategies and brutal battles without a second of drop in interest.. . Characters are well designed and art ...
This one got off to a rocky start, but as it has continued, it has become very endearing.. . Generally, I’ve got issues with stories that send a character on an adventure for poorly explained reasons. We’re thrust into a world where we are told that having stars is fundamental to survival, as they go towards a given skill for a given individual. That’s fine, but the series seems to both buy into this premise way too much and way too little simultaneously.. . It buys in way too much because Ivy lacks stars and is exiled and pursued with murderous intent for it, mainly built on ...
The Weakest Tamer Began a Journey to Pick Up Trash - What an inspiring fantasy show of the alternate Isekai option to take note of. Authors, I beg you, please do this more often.. . Fantasy and Isekai, they go hand-in-hand, but while the concepts are ever so grandiose, the executions become too great for the protagonists...they just take it up and become the most overpowered people ever. What naive cliché for people to only have that one direction and take charge all of the way, forgetting that there're two sides of the coin. Fortunately, for every 10+ boring, trashy OP fantasy Isekai work out there, there're ...
Episode 1 gave me the wrong impression with a OP main character again same old boring Hero that would effortlessly win,. . so i stopped watching, but after seeing all the good reviews, i forced myself to watch eps 2, seeing the quality of animation isnt that high or great i still wasnt impressed but at the end of eps 2 and watching eps 3 things got interesting and then i find myself watching it every week,. . what interest me in this show is how the characters push though there struggles, plus you also have those characters you love to hate.. its kinda like a old ...
Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex is a classic, and for good reasons. It blends the serializes "Stand Alone" episodes with the story focused "Complex" episodes very well together. And even tho they can be classifies as serial episodes, they contribute to the world and story in meaningful ways; either through tone or details that the complex episodes revisit.. . Story: 9. Animation: 9. Sound: 10. Characters: 8. Enjoyment: 10. . Total: 9. . ...
this is More of a real robot than a super Robot show, i liked this it because it show the struggles of a every day working class person in the office, or more like into the cockpit, i think an adult person would enjoy this show more than a student. the animation and art style is good enough to last the test of time. . its very grounded the characters are regular people. . so if you like real robots stories without the deep plot but instead then not getting overtime pay. you might like this show, but if your into screening power moves OP laser blast then your ...
what i like about this show is from the eps 1 I'm already having fun and for me that's one of the most important part of a series is also when the MC captures your attention, the show gets you enough to ride along and wanting to know what's instore for the next eps.. the development of the main character is well presented,. also one of the things i like is the dynamics between the characters.. but don't expect anything deep, it is a comedy drama and romance after all, simple and well made lite hearted and funny.. if your wanting ...
This is closest to a masterpiece than any other fantasy-romance anime I’ve watched in a long time. As someone who is currently reading the LN (not much further yet but eager to learn everything about this story) it’s among the best adaptations I’ve seen in a while.. . Story 9.5/10. There’s so much to unwrap about this story that I could probably write a novel about it (but nobody wants to read that, especially given the source material already is a well-written LN, so I’ll try my best to summarize it). Just the concept of having a protagonist who is stuck in a time loop and ...
SPOILER-FREE. It's difficult for me to write a review. On one hand, I enjoyed it quite a lot, especially in terms of storytelling. On the other hand, I wouldn't recommend it unless you are willing to pay attention while watching the show, because you won't understand some of the nuances it offers, and you might end up finding it quite bland because of that. It's not a series you can run in the background on your TV while you're doing something else. I actually had to watch it twice to notice some details I missed the first time.. . STORY: 8/10. Is it good? It depends on your ...
I'm not one to write about animes or a review per say but to me no other anime will ever make me feel the same way frieren did.. Until very recently i was a firm FmaB believer that nothing would ever reach the greatness it did but frieren was able to do just that and to me even surpass it.... The wide range of deep emotions this anime made me feel from joy to sadness and even some reminiscing of the past i think frieren has it all and it has both it's amazing world and characters to thank for!. The world was built in such a perfect ...
The clocks take every tick into account, but different people will always have a biased sense of time, relative to their own perspective on the world. Maybe it’s stress, maybe it’s carefreeness. Or maybe it’s just not valuing time itself. But then again, life is slow, temporal, and sometimes horrendously mundane.. . Out of every possible aspect of reality or fantasy, Frieren: Journey’s End, despite being set on a plane of fantasy, chose to tackle the very mundane life we so chose to escape from, making the passage of time as criminal as it can be, almost a character on its own.. . There is a profound and interesting ...
Blue Lock, in my opinion, is okay. It is a sports and comedy anime that encourages self-confidence, reason, and working on choosing the right person over the wrong one. The thing that I did not like was the story of the monsters, followed by Meguru BACHIRA and also that the chatter in it was more than the gameplay. The last thing I would like to say is the release date. It was wrong because it coincides with the 2022 World Cup, and this is it, but like all anime, it is great.. . To complete this review, we must answer these questions:. Is the story unique? If it ...
I honestly would like to see a second season I personally like the storyline and the characters. I want to see where the story goes and how it ends. I did find story unique. The art was okay. I personally think that if you actually sat down and watched it paid more attention to the storyline you would enjoy it more sometimes reading the manga will help. I don't like trying to predict where a story is going to go and how it will end I watch it if I like it I keep watching it if I don't like it I drop it
In my ideal world, more anime would be like School Days. School Days is daring and deceptively intelligent. It disarms the viewer and builds to a crescendo rivalling that of a Greek tragedy, except that there are no heroes here. Instead, School Days is an exercise in unabashed nastiness: whenever you think that it couldn't possibly get any worse, it exceeds itself. It's mean-spirited, unpleasant and difficult to watch... and that's the entire point. I respect art that doesn't attempt to please, but instead, attempts to be unique: for better or worse, School Days is unique and that's why I hold it in high-esteem.
A couple years ago, before first season of this show came out, I was 100% sure that nothing could top Hyouka as a psychological school anime. I was wrong.. . Tomozaki-kun is an instant classic. It is very clever, it is subtle but powerful. There are no meaningless lines. There are no soulless characters. By the current school anime standarts, this should be considered a masterpiece. This season (winter 2023-2024)gave us four great titles: Apothecary Diaries, Tomozaki s2, Shangri-La Frontier and, as some may say, Frieren. That's why I can't say that this is the best anime of the season. But in almost any other season Tomozaki ...
I just love this anime, it's funny as fuck, it need more recognition. This anime has a nowadays humor, if you like that nonsense humor, this is the anime for you, i mean, for us xD i don't know about the manga tho, i hope there's more to see after the anime, it is so good. And i can tell you in advance, the opening is very catching, i keep singing it everytime, crunchyroll or anime onegai should stream this, definitely worth it.. . The characters are all very nice, don't expect a huge character development, this is just to have fun and laugh a lot, you ...
Peak Ecchi anime about magical girls that borders on hentai.. . Plot: To start, there's an actual story here. It's about a girl named Utena who adores magical girls and even dreams of becoming one. A little spirit companion grants her the gift of transforming into a magical girl, but with a twist—she joins team Evil. As the episodes unfold, Utena gradually comes to embrace her role in evil, largely through her interactions with the magical girls, Tres Magia. And by interactions, I mean Ecchi at its finest, teetering on the edge of hentai. Along her journey, she allies with characters that assist her in tormenting Tres ...
I think this is the best anime this season, even though I was doubtful at first because it had a pre-existing synopsis dies and goes to the world of the game he is playing. Honestly, this is a bit of a cliche.. . The character designs are all made in detail, even if they are NPCs.. Especially for male characters, usually in anime with an Otome game theme, the male characters are made too flashy or you could say Ikemen. But it's not like that here, so for me, who hates Ikemen characters, this anime really suits me.. . In my opinion, the storyline is not too convoluted, and ...
Esse anime é fácilmente um dos, se não o melhor anime que eu ja assisti, ele consegue ter boas lutas, uma boa história com uma conclusão bem feita, e ainda te ensinar várias coisas úteis por meio de lições que tocam os seus sentimentos.. . Você também consegue criar uma conexão com vários personagens em poucos episódios o que te faz se identificar e gostar de muitos personagens.. . A animação do anime te prende desde o primeiro momento, quando te é apresentado a alquimia, os efeitos são bem feitos e da pra você compreender tudo que está acontecendo sem se perder em meio a eles.
I get why people would call this "isekai trash" and the like, but I honestly found it extremely entertaining. I'd say the closest comparison that comes to mind would be with One Punch Man. But where OPM takes a more introspective look at what it means to remove anything from existence with one punch, My Instant Death Ability takes it the opposite direction. For the MC, terminating someones life subscription is on the same level as brushing teeth. It's just one of those things you do. To that end a lot of the fights involving him could be said to end anti-climatically: after all it's ...
This is the best sports anime of all time.. . From an inspiring zero-to-hero type story to the climatic fights, this anime does everything right. Not only does it pay homage to the sport of boxing, it does so while creating an inspiring and great story.. . If you like crazy fights, great sound design, boxing, and inspiring coming-of-age stories, then Hajime no Ippo is for you.. Ippo is a timid, schoolboy who is pure of heart. He is picked on because he is poor and has to spend most of his time helping his single mother with the fishing boat business. Seeing Ippo go from a scared boy ...
The story is good, slow and easy to watch... This is nowhere the best out there but the way they tell the story every episode is so refreshing.. maybe because I got so used on watching shonen for a long time... . Art and animation is good .. nice sceneries and background... Nothing extravaganza just plain good old pure animation. . Frieren is one of a kind character and has grown on me.. now one of my favorite characters of all time ... Getting to know her throughout the whole series is a pleasure with a great side characters ...
This is next best thing that happen to fantasy medium since Lord of the Rings. It is simply that good, for anyone that can appreciate High fantasy genre. There is simply no competition for it, and we might wait years to get something on this level of quality. Definitely must watch series. Outstanding animation, art and music. Story goes fluidly from emotional, funny to high action scenes. There is this constant nostalgic feeling seeing how actions of past heroes like Mage Flamme or Hero Himmel shaped future of the world and small details and stories they left. Feeling sad for how Himmel and his relationship ...
Season 2 of Re:Zero isn't just good, it elevates the series to a whole new level!!!. . Remember that feeling of frustration with Subaru's untapped potential in Season 1? Season 2 throws him a fascinating challenge in the with a certain someone. This encounter forces Subaru to confront the true depths of his "Return by Death" ability, and explore its potential for both good and bad. This unironically answers the smartass question "Why subaru doesn't use his skill to be OP?" discussion in a satisfying way.. . Those quirky habits of Subaru's that might have seemed like flaws in Season 1? Season 2 reveals them to be ...
Every so often an anime comes out that you'll remember forever. An anime you can keep in your pocket when your friend asks for recommendations. Sousou no Frieren is one of them. It masterfully blends outstanding animation, character development, excellent pacing, action, sorrow and subtle humor into a single masterpiece.. . . I could not find a single aspect of this show that I did not think was done to the highest levels of quality. One of the easiest 10s I've ever given.. . Is the story unique? If it was predictable, did you enjoy it anyway because you like this genre/set-up? Very unique. Do you think the art style ...
This show is your typical looser mf with no friends and social skills and them mfs say the mc is like me lmao,. that aside this show is alright or it exceeded more than that I thought it was gonna be bland at first thinking that it was overhyped but it reached the bounds of my expectations its actually good in terms of comedy and Bocchi's development on which we all look forward to. honestly shes me fr but without talent my dad might be a musician but I only got the looser part without the talent:0 well I give it a 9 ottta 10
if you are into a romance with fewer cliches and stuff this is for you, It is a romance unlike any other it actually focuses on their love towards each other although the pacing is quite messy you'll understand it. and it is quite adorable it's not like your typical anime with ecchi stiff sure there are a few but they don't go overboard with fan service.. This is the first Korean anime I watched based on a webtoon and I jumped in blind expecting it to be trash cuz of my hatred towards it but turns out it was okay not the best but it ...
Cách các nhà cái xác định Odds qua Lịch sử đối đầu. Lịch sử đối đầu là một yếu tố quan trọng mà các nhà cái sử dụng để xác định Odds cho mỗi trận đấu. Lịch sử đối đầu cho thấy thành tích thi đấu của hai đội bóng trong những lần gặp nhau trước đây.. . Dưới đây là 20 đoạn văn ngắn giúp bạn hiểu rõ hơn về cách thức nhà cái sử dụng lịch sử đối đầu để xác định Odds:. . 1. Lịch sử đối đầu là gì?. . Lịch sử đối đầu là thống kê thành tích thi đấu của hai đội bóng trong những ...
MAN such an amazing show that will never shine bright cause of the season 2 that will never come out. Just know that the end of this is for the climax of the next ark. I loved season 1 the artstyle is actually genius because it highlight human characteristics and overall uneasyness but off putting at first. It was a great watch but ends without a boom. a silent killer. this main character is something else. its really something i struggle putting into words he seems dumb and stupid (because season 2 and i reapeat will never come out) but that made the show for me. ...
Made in abyss is could be your number one for so many reason. Everything from the world, to the artsyle, to the story, to the. . soundtrack could beat any show that is out there. I absolutely love every villain (or at least tveryone implied to not be so great). . because the show take them seriously and are a real powerhouse. And in terms of the main character while being unimpressive at. . first really warms up in the later episodes for me. this will never stop being my top 1 nothing can compare if you havent watched it do. . but i understand that its not for ...
"Spy x Family" is a manga or anime centered around the concept of a temporary family. This theme seems to address a void for readers or viewers living in modern society where the number of single-person families is increasing and interpersonal connections are weakening (at least in East Asia). Additionally, the adorable and charming characters seamlessly blend into the genre's characteristic warmth, crafting a heartwarming narrative. Personally, I believe these elements are crucial aspects of the original work.. . However, the extraordinary success of this animation isn't solely attributed to having a solid original work. The seemingly insane quality of the animation reflects the staff's unwavering belief ...
tl;dr: A fantastic, though somewhat messy, ending to Violet’s story.. . This film is a sequel to the Gaiden film, and thus takes place several years after the main series. The focus here is on the relationship between Violet and her major, Gilbert Bougainvillea. Many seem to be upset that the end of Violet’s story goes back to focusing on Gilbert and call it a step back in her character arc. And I can see where they’re coming from as a core part of the main series was Violet growing to be an independent person that no longer simply followed orders but acted on her own desires ...
Oreigaru is a weird show. Honestly I can't even remember when I started the show because I dropped it in season 1 during the tennis game episode. I thought it was boring, corny and completely mindless.. . It's very slice of life - most of the show is just characters talking, but this is where the show shines. The entire cast is fleshed out and given screen time, side characters included. The cast you're introduced to in season 1 is completely different to the cast you see in season 3. Hachiman grows from a weird, edgy and introverted loser to a somewhat popular and much happier guy. ...
From the beginning, the plot's originality as well as the characters' innocence and kindness is what hooks me. The straightforward romance development makes it a warming, light-hearted, slice-of-life piece – you won't find any major twists or mischievous drama here, but you will find some intense feelings. That being said, despite content advisory classifications of "PG-13", the Ecchi elements are constantly and intensely present within the piece, contributing significantly to the plot's tension building.. . The story revolves around Wakana and Marin. Wakana is an introverted boy aspiring to be a kashirashi, while Marin is a free-spirited girl passionate about cosplays. Unfortunately, in the first season, both ...
This is peak action. . Story? nah, not really, should have more in order for fights to feel more impactful at times, but still haven't seen action like this in so so so long that it's incredibly easy to overlook its shortcomings, being a lack of character development and being rather predictable at times, using storytelling techniques which make it obvious what will happen next.. . Animation? yes. . Sound design? yes. . Treating employees with dignity? no. . Do you like action? then don't wait around, it's worth the buildup from a rather slow first season and couldn't recommend more for fans of battle shonens, even if it feels like it's doing things differently ...
Overall very cute anime, wouldn't say it does anything to stand out though, even with its interesting and funny set-up.. Characters are fine, but only a couple of them feel like they have any depth whatsoever, the main character and his friend are the only ones that you feel more attached to through the story.. Soundtrack is not memorable, some episodes use it well and enhance scenes with simple tracks, while other episodes have a loop going for way too long creating a feeling of staleness to these moments.. The actual problem with this show is its inconsistency, some episodes have really good animation with good pacing and ...
If you imagine the most ruthless American action movie, where there is no justification, but only senselessly cheerful gunfire - you'll get a little closer to the essence of "Black Lagoon". Blood for the Blood God! And no rigor. It's interesting to see how pious and most likely absolutely friendly to the law Japanese people, see the underworld and the "bottom of life". Cardboard mafia, slightly caricatured murders of about the same quality as in Russian TV series about cops in the late 90s. While watching Revy will constantly throw in unfunny jokes and allusions to action movies that you hardly watched, to music ...
A work's success is often dictated before its debut. Such is the case for "Sousou no Frieren" (which roughly translates to "Frieren [at] the Funeral"). Every element of the series is done by highly talented individuals, and it shows. From the up-and-coming director Keiichirô Saitô (known best for "Bocchi the Rock!") to the well-known composer Evan Call, there is no shortage of quality to be seen in Sousou no Frieren. This show's uncontested success can be divided into several factors: Storytelling, characters, audio, and graphics.. . The 'make/break' for this show (as well as the main criticism of negative/mixed reviews) is the pacing. ...
This is for season 1 (24 episodes); at time of writing this season 2 was only announced.. This show does some trickery with us in regard to conjecture. We should not act on conjecture, but sometimes we must, it is very complicated and in reality, you often do not have all the information needed. I believe they could have finished this anime here, but there is lots of potential for future seasons.. . Cons:. -questionable vibes sometimes. -writing felt off. -Rear Palace, Pleasure District, et cetera is off-putting. . Pros:. -Diverse and fun characters. ...
Very good anime that is suitable for anyone 13+ both male and female audiences. For male you can enjoy cute beautiful Yumiella Dorkness and for female you can enjoy lots of handsome guys that are typically found in Shoujo Manga. The main impression of this anime is that it is quite funny. The number one reason is this MC Yumiella Dorkness that is already OP when starting the school. But she is humble, kind of kuudere type. In addition to make things funnier, Yumiella has "broken common sense" and so she often does something that makes everyone else panicked with her OP skill although she ...
I NEED EPISODE 11.5. . I hope the movie will be the 11.5 ep. . recommend 10/10. . Masterpiece. . . ⚠ This review needs more information!. ...
Not much needs to be said here. It's a top tier ecchi fanservice show. Lots of tentacles, yuri, bdsm, among numerous others. This show went above and beyond the manga and ramped up the lewd levels, which was very much appreciated.. . The characters were enjoyable, especially Utena, the main character. Her voice actress did an excellent job considering she's very new to the industry.. . The art was excellent given the circumstances, with fanservice being one of the highlights. The series has already been released uncensored on HiDive with small segments of audio being written over for the blu ray release, so the visuals are all ...
Now I have completed the anime, I can really say that I'm satisfied.. . As I mentioned in my preliminary review, this anime has a unique topic because of portraying everything like a game or dungeon to pass, calling every social interaction a misson and trying to level up. Some of the members thought that this doesn't belong the general society just the ones who play video games. But I think, this anime not just focuses on the gaming part. At the first season, okay, gaming sessions were a little bit more dominated but that's because they wanted to express the life Tomozaki had. This second season ...
The anime is good and amusing in comical sense. Someone that hits "forward 5 sec" button while watching anime, it will be great anime for you, as you will be able to see the overdramatised moments fast & enjoy all the good parts the anime has to offer like : a girl that hates you fall into love with you, people misunderstanding your actions to be evil which is funny and many more things.. . Someone that doesn't skip a bit, might think the show to be bit slow. So fast watchers that skip a little will enjoy the anime a lot.. . From :. someone who ...
Binging through this was a blast.. . I'm really happy with the dub voice acting which is extremely key when you need jokes to land instead of solely relying on slapstick humour. The voice actors who voice acted for Dot (spikey red haired kid) and Tom (sports leader who talks about bamboo a lot) really stood out to me. They really gave the impression that the voice acting cast really had fun with their roles. Tom and Dot's dub voice acted lines were written really well, they really suit their character. Also seeing how Mash deals with the predicaments given his unique circumstances compared to everyone ...
This show was quite literally the most needed show of the season, IMO. It is not the most groundbreaking BL, and the storyline is not the most realistic; HOWEVER, the character development is real, the emotions throughout feel like you are watching a true love story, and the characters grow in a way that makes you love it more with each episode. I'm sad it is only 12 episodes; however, that is all it needs. It does not need more episodes or another season, it is perfect the way it is, and closes beautifully. I will be returning to watch it again because it is ...
People who are writing bad about it and not recommending in their reviews to watch must be idiot. I mean I can respect there POV but don’t go writing about something which is really good.. . After watching a lot of anime's you easily get bored when you don’t see anything unique or something anything which might pique your curiosity, interest. This anime was one of them. Those who have played lot of games still play them will enjoy this thoroughly.. . An anime which is all about your MC finding a god tier game and absolutely getting hooked cause it doesn’t have bugs glitches and stuff. (Bro ...
My pick for the most surprising anime of the season. I found myself loving this one for a variety of reasons, but first, I’ve got to talk about that premise:. . Top Gun with aliens invading a la Independence Day but giant robot Kamina from Gurren Lagann comes to save the day.. . That sounds like a mess, and while it kind of is, this is a show that revels in the mess. It leans in hard as the robot Bravern diagetically blasts his theme music from its cockpit (projecting his opening animation background behind him like a boss), proclaims that his pilot Isami is its soul mate, ...
Helck is a fantasy anime with a rich world building and character development. I went in blind and I thought Helck was just another generic overpowered fantasy MC, but his entire character is slowly revealed throughout the story which makes it interesting and avoids him becoming a stale overpowered generic MC. Helck can be funny, mysterious, and many many more, which we get to watch and unravel his relationship to the world the more it progresses.. . Really enjoyed how they didn’t shy away from really having good funny moments, to even revealing much darker moments whenever needed all throughout the story. I say it was balanced ...
One of the best series to ever blessed the anime industry. Sousou no Frieren breaks free from any fantasy anime that we are accustomed to see every season. The show is simple with complex elements which makes this a unique watch, moreover due to the Seasonal-Isekai anime releases, Sousou no Frieren is the needed breath of fresh air that the fantasy-anime needs. This show is a masterclass in everyway, starting with the comedy element. Sousou no Frieren delivers the funny elements in a traditional-realistic way, it doesn't exaggerate; it delivers a funny line using a monotonous tone; it takes advantage of facial expression to make ...
The third season of Classroom of the Elite is very similar to the previous season. While the story and special exams remain interesting, they still feel very rushed. Watching this anime feels like a story trying to rush through the boring stuff as quickly as possible to get to an interesting part but in this case the boring stuff it's rushing through is actually interesting and it's a shame that the anime has such high pacing.. . The story in the third season continues where the second season left off but shifts away from Ryuuen and starts focusing more on Sakayanagi and Ichinose. Smaller characters like ...
I just watched this anime from Ani-One Asia last week.  At first, I was worried that this anime would be in an all-female genre with unique characters.  At first, when I first got to know this anime around 2020, I found this anime on LINE TV. When I watched episode 9, there were a few nude scenes.  Until now, I have seriously watched all 12 episodes. In my opinion, these 12 episodes give me a very satisfying feeling.  And each character can be a good indicator of the future.  But except for Hana-chan, she was delayed by 1 year in school because she had mumps.  ...
Oh mama. Now this is another surprise. I thought there should be something good about this anime that it has such a high mark on mal (for mal standards), and guess what, there was something about it. A shoujo anime that I enjoyed, even tho I can say I am a bit biased when it comes to this genre, even tho I haven't watched many of them shoujo stories, this one was really well made. A strong female MC?? A strong male character??? A good story that makes sense in like 90% of cases (the rest of the 10% is just me not being very ...
Brave Bang Bravern - *OP song plays, churns up* "Bang Bang, Bang Bang, Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang, BBRRRRAAAAAVVVVEEERRRRNNNNN!!!" *Explosion SFX* You have my sincere congratulations for being part of the spiritual revival of a long dead franchise.. . What defines a dark horse? The Cambridge Dictionary describes it as such: "a person who is not expected to succeed in or unexpectedly wins an election, race, or other competition", or how the Mirriam-Webster Dictionary worded the definition even better: a usually little-known contender (such as a racehorse) that makes an unexpectedly good showing". And in this season, get ready for a wild goose chase of a show ...
Score: 9 - My rating is based on how much I've enjoyed the show, not necessarily an objective evaluation of the quality.. . Gushing over Magical Girls is, in my opinion, an ecchi show done right. You've got partial nudity, erotic themes and just enough lewd sounds and on screen behaviour to push the envelope without delving into porn.. But the single most important part of ecchi is fun and the show always makes sure to make the scenes humorous in some way and this is where I have to disagree with the people complaining about the characters, because you're not meant to get off on this.. . While ...
~~ A HellBent Half Arsed Review™ ~~. Overall Rating: 8/10. . ----- Reason for watching? -----. Magical girl and Yuri are 2 of my favourite things, was curious. . ----- Reason for finishing? -----. Thought it'd be hot but boring like most ecchi, was shockingly wholesome with an awesome cast of characters. . ----- Story: 6/10 -----. It's aight. Got a fantastic hook and premise, something I've wanted and even toyed with writing myself for a long time, but beyond that not a ground breaking plot by any means (for the first season at least). I'm definitely interested to see where it goes, whether it simmers as a raunchy slice of life or some off ...
Ishura is a greatly underrated isekai themed gore filled battle anime that surprises with amazing visuals.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 9/10. -----------------------------------------------. . Ishura employs a slight 3D effect to its art, creating at times slightly unnatural visuals, but ultimately provides a superior visual quality to most other anime.. . The animations and visual effects are great, leading to some amazing combat scenes. From magical cannons that evaporate entire city districts, to swordplay between masters of the art.. . ...
Oh yeah, BIG MEN DOING MAN SHIT is back and better than ever. After 17 hears, the story continues, this time with decent animation and a better budget. It's more man than ever! If you don't watch this, you're missing out! So give it a watch so you can grow some hair on your chest and then some testicles from the hair and then more hair on the testicles.. . You know, there's this awesome line I remember from the iconic 80's action movie Commando with Schwarzenegger that I believe perfectly describes Baki as a whole:. . "I can't believe this macho bullshit!". . That sums it up best if you ...
Undead Unluck is the recently adapted anime of fall 2023 and is at the end of the season. It has adventure, comedy, and the supernatural as its main genres. It is written by Yoshifumi Tozuka. The production is managed by David Production, and the music is by Kenichiro Suehiro.. . Plot. . The story revolves around two main characters, Fuko and Andy. Fuko, after reading the conclusion of her favourite romance manga, was about to end her life of misery and loneliness. Andy, the other main character of the story, saved her and motivated her to live. Fuko reveals about her supernatural power of unluck that anyone she touches ...
'Classroom of the Elite' is an anime about a nonchalant kid who secretly has maxed-out stats for everything except human emotion. If you are like me, you will enjoy the anime for what it is (also cringy Edge Lords), but you may need more time for a critical anime reviewer.. . The art style is standard, except the characters have beautiful eyes. Although Ayanokouji's traits may be unrealistic, at the end of the day, this is an anime; therefore, anything is possible. At the end of season 1, you can predict the primary outcomes of the show (this is where enjoying it for the ride comes in ...
So, you like magical girl shows? Then look no further, this anime has everything that's good in it. Cute girls? Check. Great characters and friendships? Check. Amazing fights and powers? Check. Good villains? Our protagonist is one of them, so ABSOLUTELY check. Character development and wholesome moments? Well, check. Great Music? Check. Comedy? Please, I was laughing every single episode.. "-Okay, okay, that's all cool, but what about the plot? And why is there an ecchi tag?" "-Well, the plot is... interesting... and what ecchi tag? I'm surprised this isn't hen... never mind, nothing".. . . Disclaimer: let's just say that this anime isn't for everyone, but if you ...
Tbh. I dont have much to say simply sayed its a masterpiece that has to be watched, even if u ask me the anime itself isnt that great, the Film is Peak af.. The development of the characters in the Film aswell as the Soundtracks etc. Was perfect and i believe many people who once watched it can agree with my opinion.. . The characters reacted properly in the dedicated situation and there where a good backstory.. About the artstyle i would like to say that i loved it but i assume that this is my Personal opinio and as i sayed previously the anime didnt had any ...
Mahou Shoujo ni Akogaret (2024). . This show isn't good because of the story or anything deep, it is just easy to watch and funny to see. The show is as perverted as you want it to be whilst also being hilarious at times. The show requires little to no effort to watch making it a good start to 2024.. . The animation is great for now, will it age well? Perhaps not so much but otherwise it is a great ride. The style is very generic but has rewatch value.. . The sound is standard, nothing crazy but the voices are done superbly. I honestly think if the ...
How very unique!. . Had to say it! call me the romance guy, I've seen many romance anime but in this case I can confidently say a new skill point was added to my romance ability tree. This one not only was a rare pink point, it was also very sweet tasting and I managed to unlock a new unique ability too, the ability to learn sign language!. SPEECH 100. No wait.... SIGN 100. . Not ruining the fun, I will continue... Romance anime generally reminds me of high school, cute girls doing cute things, childhood friend and also: I can't tell her I love her cause I suck and she ...
I don't get why all the hate.. It's an Ecchi Anime with good story and great Animation.. Yes there's slavery, blackmail, almost rape, forceful sences. But the MC likes that shit so i say it's okay.. But to be honest though the only girl with good character is Tenka's team.(Anymore would be spoiler but Tenka best girl). If you want to watch Tiddies with high quality this show is for you.. (My rating would be an 8/10. I gave 10 cus people rating it low). Extended review:. Animation: 8/10. Action: 7/10 (not bad). Ecchi: 7.5/10 (They show skin but MC'S wired fetish isn't that erotic). ...
I haven't read LN so I don't know how much they left out but for me a very good continuation of the second series. MC is starting to show and reveal more and more how much he can do. At the same time we get to see more of the side characters and learn about the past not just the main character. The last few episodes have kicked off a big game and I think we have a lot to look forward to.. . As far as the art style is concerned, I guess I wouldn't have anything to complain about, although there was the occasional frame ...
Frieren is an extremely beautifully crafted anime that is made of love, passion, heart and soul poured into every frame. I would like to go on a little tangent before I delve into my full thoughts on Frieren.. . From the epic narratives of Vinland Saga S2 and Jujutsu Kaisen S2 to the enchanting worlds & mysteries of The Apothecary Diaries and Heavenly Delusion, this year has been a testament to the diverse and evolving landscape of anime. Every anime resonates differently to different demographic of audience or audiences with different life experiences and background. Therefore, there's no such thing as an objectively best anime of ...
One of the best villianess anime's ever.. . The show revoles around Rishe, a strong-willed protagonist whose on her 7th life and is determined to break the cycle. She's independant, sassy and smart. Bloody-minded to a fault, and these characteristics make this show so compelling, she makes sure everyone knows where she stands and what she will and won't do. Simply put, she's kickass and wonderful and you absolutely want to see how she'll get herself in and out of trouble.. . The people around her are all also smart but she has literal lifetimes of experience she isn't afraid to draw upon. The rest of the ...
This isn't really a 'villianess' show in the strictest sense, it's a slice of life comedy about being overpowered and fitting in when you have little to no social skills even before your power difference. I highly recommend it, it's genuinely funny with great characters and many heartwarming moments.. . Let's keep things simple, because the show does. If you want deep worldbuilding, clever subtext and an action packed plot this isn't for you. If you want a slice of life comedy with a fantastic protagonist whose wonderfully clueless this is absolutely for you. I enjoyed this as a great counterweight to the also-brilliant, but deeper, ...
The production is consistent and reasonable, but it's in the plot that this season stands out, maintaining a constant intrigue throughout all episodes, surpassing by far the previous seasons. Although the first season has an excellent first half and a disastrous second half, except for the last episode, and the second season presents an exciting final arc, along with some sporadic episodes or scenes, it's in the third season that the quality remains consistently high. However, the climaxes don't reach the same elevated levels as in the other seasons. Nonetheless, there are excellent character and relationship developments, along with the best hook of the work, ...
i loveeee class s media and the girls school setting so after watching the trailer for "yuri is my job" i was super excited for it to release :D my high expectations were met as this was a great anime \(｡☆ ▽ ☆｡)/ it has compelling drama that revolves around a relatable cast of characters and the romance was v nuanced and intertwined. there were some fun moments sprinkled in too !. . sumika’s character stood out to me the most. her want to keep romance out of cafe liebe, her backstory with the old members, her complicated relationship with kanoko…all of these things/events weigh on her ...
This was quit fun to watch. Sure the music was quit repetative, but the story was easy to follow along. The animation was quit beatiful. Altough what I missed was that they would explain what the lump was, that was a bit confuding. Also not much action going on, but again it wasn't that bad. The characters are likable I guess, not that much character work, but still a fun and entertaining journy through time definatly didn't regreat watching it. And again for the music not saying that it was bad, just repetative, and definatly not that whimsical as other Yasuji Murata works, specially as ...
Between this and Do it Yourself, it's clear that Studio Pine Jam is the group to beat in the slice of life genre. This has a lot of the same aspects I liked about DIY, the fun, memorable characters, the clean vibrant animation (there's not as much sakuga in this one as in DIY but it's still gorgeous), and the genuinely soothing atmosphere. The show rides an incredibly fine line between sticking to a forumula and keeping things fresh. There's just enough structure and repetition to create the rhythms that allow running gags and character development to work, but every segment feels like a creative ...
Oh man, this show was a great watch. I don't regret it all. The main thing you should get from it is that it's mature. The characters feel real - not like the anime tropes that have been replayed a million times. I will say that this show is more like slice of life with plot on the side rather than the reverse. It was fun to watch, but it didn't blow my mind plot wise. The animation is beautiful, and so is the soundtrack. Solid choice, but so far a slow burn when it comes to plot.. . For anyone that doesn't have the patience ...
Area 88 stands out as a top-tier OVA series, featuring distinctive hand-drawn animation and character designs that evoke the essence of the 1980s. The series' visuals reflect the artistic style of the era, adding to its nostalgic appeal. Each character is portrayed in a compelling manner, with unique appearances and personalities that contribute to the series' allure. Alongside captivating characters, thrilling action sequences, and a compelling storyline, Area 88 is elevated by a remarkable soundtrack that intensifies the viewing experience, particularly during its adrenaline-fueled aerial combat scenes. Moreover, it explores various subplots, further developing characters and providing insight into their motivations and decisions. Area 88 ...
Madoka Magica has been a favorite anime since I first watched it! Everything flows so nicely together, the characters have such lovely feelings and emotions and at some point you feel like you can feel their feelings or can relate with them at parts. The witches also have a lot of character and they have this sort of look that makes you drawn into them but also scared of them at the same time, and the transformations are also really cool to look at and have charcater in a way. The one reason this isn't a 10/10 is because at points it feels like there's ...
This is a hidden gem that many people are missing out on. I know there many people in the community that hates everything about this anime but I don't think it deserve all the hate its getting. Yes the show is nothing special compared to the other great anime out there but thats the whole purpose of adapting this for the season. I think the anime did a fantastic job on the story imo I was hooked the whole time. I'm able to see the mc develop throughout the anime even if its a little for others.. . The anime has a lot of gore as ...
This was a really, really beautiful film, heartbreaking and devastating at times but so full of kindness and hope and love. As someone who also was a very unconventional child that needed an idiosyncratic, accepting environment (and was so generously afforded this), this story really affected me emotionally, spoke to me on a deep level, and was significantly moving. This is a real story, about a real school in Tokyo during World War II that encouraged children's freedom of expression and independence, run by a wonderful, forward-thinking man named Sōsaku Kobayashi who so genuinely loved, understood, and valued children.. . Japan is a *very* rule-based culture – ...
Quick questionnaire:. - Do you like good action regardless of story?. - Do you like watching content like Rooster Teeth's Death Battle?. - Do you love polished, high-speed, bad-ass action cutscenes w/ sword and gunplay such as the ones from Devil May Cry?. . If your answer is yes to all, then Ishura is an anime for you! Definitely a MUST WATCH for action-enjoyers!. . In a world where the "The True Demon King" which united all living species against a common enemy has now been defeated, how will the different nations maintain peace with all the remaining battle-crazed warriors and dangerous creatures still around? The largest country, Aureatia, answers this by ...
Once again, not the kind of anime I would usually watch, but to get my seasonal count above where I wanted, this was added to the list. And where to start? I'll be rating this in the context of it being an ecchi and judging it based on those standards. While I've only seen a couple of ecchi anime besides this, I think this one is pretty peak.. . The plot, while nothing amazing, does its job in progressing the characters in what I feel is a more character-based anime. The characters themselves are all enjoyable, in my opinion. All of their dynamics work great together and ...
This anime makes you WANT to play the otome game to find out what happens next in the story but also tells you enough about each character and their backstory. Their personalities were well portrayed and their behaviours are explained, even if briefly.. . I liked that you can see character development / resolving their own problems in this anime, you can see that they have been enlightened and learned to see things in a new perspective.. . Overall I enjoyed the plot - there were some episodes where they talk a bit too much between the baddies (the conversation is quite predicatble so I did skip a bit).. . Would ...
Don't Toy with Me Miss Nagatoro is an easy to watch romantic comedy with some cute characters. By the end of the first season, a healthy relationship has developed between the main characters and healthy friendships develop with ancillary friends. It's a wholesome series with some cool cast members.. . It's easy to write off the whole season when watching the first few episodes because of Nagatoro's initial bullying of Naoto, which was drawn out a little long in animated form compared to the manga. In the manga, in Japanese, the dialogue in the first episode at the library plays out in a better way than ...
Having never read the manga before watching the series, this show launched an interest into the manga series for me.. . The night time aesthetic and mood matches the slow burn of the series well. It's one of those shows where 25 minutes feels like an hour but without feeling like a snore-fest, holding my attention the entire time. The characters are interesting. I'd classify it as a mystery romantic comedy.. . Vampires are abundant in fiction but the series is unique in depicting the night time living of vampires, and night-time living in general. The cinematography is well done, with some slice of life depictions ...
Is it better than the first season?. . Yes.. . . Is it the best of this season?. . No.. . . ...
If you're into alternative history dramas, this is a great one. It intersperses little pieces of historical context for the era, but diverges from history in an interesting way. If you're interested in gender studies, then give it a watch, because it's realistic in its depiction of gender disparities, for both men and women.. . The pace is fairly good, and it holds interest. There's a diverse cast of characters with a web of drama between them, in different geographical locations. The way it weaves a present and past story, slowly revealing the mystery of how culture ended up in the present tent by depicting ...
Let's dive into the wild world of Ishuzoku Reviewers, an anime that certainly doesn't shy away from pushing the boundaries of ecchi entertainment. As a self-proclaimed connoisseur of sexual humor and fan service, I found this series to be a delightful romp through the realm of interspecies pleasure.. . First things first, let's address the elephant in the room: the abundance of sexual content. Yes, it's there, and yes, it's prevalent. But what sets Ishuzoku Reviewers apart from your run-of-the-mill hentai is its ability to infuse these risqué scenes with a surprising amount of depth and humor. Sure, the plot may not be groundbreaking, but it's enough ...
Mahou Shoujo ni Akogarete is hands down one of the most unique anime experiences I've encountered, earning its place as a solid 9 in my ranking. While i dont care about ecchi elements ( i only care if they are with kinda a "meaning"), this series masterfully integrates them into a compelling plot and well-developed characters.. . Yes, the sexual content is abundant, as expected in ecchi anime, but what sets this one apart is how it balances these elements with a genuinely engaging storyline and memorable characters. Despite the potential pitfalls of focusing too much on fan service, Mahou Shoujo ni Akogarete manages to keep viewers ...
I've seen many isekai and reincarnation stories over the years. The more recent ones have developed somewhat of a bad habit of excessive power fantasy and heavy wish fulfillment. It's a guilty pleasure to be sure. But every so often we get a story that offers a bit more.. Gekai Elise is an anime adaptation of Doctor Elise: The Royal Lady with the Lamp, a Korean web novel that was later given a webtoons adaptation in 2017. My first impressions of the anime were strong enough that I decided to pick up the webtoon and read ahead. I read a lot more than watch anime, so ...
This is among one of the most amazing isekai world gundam-like anime with fanservice as priority. If you are into 25 ep long of tons of FANSERVICES and fascinating journey into new world, then this is for you.. . While it has tons of fanservices, this anime has a GREAT STORY, plot, and character development. A really enjoyable anime. There are many interesting females, each has her own strength and weakness. It is rare to see anime that has both H and great story at the same time. Usually ecchi animes are bad in story/plot and just throw a lots of nudity and jokes. Don't be mislead ...
Nice Artwork,Nice Storytelling,Nice Dialog,Nice Comedy. if you love romance,its recommend to read the manga after Anime. because the Anime is just 1/4 the whole story. one thing that dissapointing in this anime Is just that the anime was not fully completed. but beside of that the Anime was very good,for me how the studio present the story was very good,and the artwork Is so much improved than the manga. and the story Is very light,its very good for someone that tired and wanna watch something light and good this Anime is the answer. . so im really recommend this Anime for you,oh yeah and the Opening and Ending is very good ...
For most, shows like Family Guy and South Park push or exceed the line of acceptable television. Though not all of their content make it past the censors, their unapologetic shots at religion, the LGBT community, and the disabled make them subjects of marked controversy, and are even outright banned from syndication in parts of the world. It's hard to imagine there could be material worse than that, short of porn.. . Then, there's Panty & Stocking. A show so glaringly rife with profanity, toilet humor, and sex jokes, it doesn't just make the previous two look like Sesame Street by comparison, it questions mankind altogether. Who ...
This anime is so gay, and I fucking love it. Seriously, Cherry Magic is an anime you need if you just want to experience a great drama/romance that is unapologetic in its themes. The main couple of Kiyoshi Adachi and Yuuichi Kurosawa is probably one of the best couples we’ve gotten in modern romance anime, and the biggest aspect behind why has to be the stark contrast of their lives. The contrasting lifestyles between Adachi and Kurosawa put them in scenarios throughout this show that challenge the bond between these two, which ultimately further builds the dynamic between this couple, making their relationship very compelling. ...
A remake of the first song used in the Ojamajo Doremi anime where the main cast have aged as adults is extremely fitting to celebrate the series 25th anniversary, especially given that the series focus is maturity and childish innocence. Here, the cast is seen as adults (or at the least, teenagers), who are now shown still being friends with Hana, among other characters. I believe this was a great idea which could possibly allow for a sequel to take place showing their lives as adults, as this was particularly relevant to the themes of growing up and innocence and maturity in the series. Even ...
Plot. When MC celebrates his 30th birthday without losing his virginity, he gets the power to read minds by touching them (comically called cherry magic and MC labels himself as cherry wizard). With this new found magic, he realizes that his popular/handsome coworker has a secret crush on him. Romance ensues. There's actually two couples in this series. One is MC and his popular coworker. Another is MC's friend (an author) and a young dancer.. . Review. This is Romance + Drama set in a workplace setting. The story itself is pretty generic, with the cherry magic serving as a hook.. It has great pacing and makes every episode ...
If you are curious about this series and haven't watched the first season yet I recommend you check out my review of the first season or the top reacted on review for more information. The tl;dr can be summarized as "great show with interesting characters focuses on character growth/development through a gaming lens." If you enjoy character dramas with well-done romance/comedy and are intrigued by the gaming hook you should give it a try!. . I was honestly torn on whether to do a spoiler free review or not. I decided to have my cake and eat it too by creating this spoiler free review with ...
Anime of the season for me. . This anime took my completely by surprise with how unexpected it went.. The main character who's a very introverted girl who has a big passion for magical girls becomes a villain against her will in a very funny misunderstanding and then goes onto find out that she can enjoy being a villain by pushing the magical girls to do what they do.. . All the characters are made very well with each having their quirks and personalities which is rarely done right but in this case, it's done very well where the cohesion, the comedy and other segments of the writing is ...
This was one of my favorite anime of its cour. The protagonists were both so relatable. They had their own anxieties and hopes. Adachi's journey towards acceptance rang very true to life even with the magical ability to read minds. I really liked that it was not easy but it was not overly melodramatic either. I think that I would have rated this anime even higher except the secondary couple needed so much work. Their story felt like a kind of after thought and it needed a bit more fleshing out to be satisfying. I wish the effort that went into the main couple had ...
What the actual F was this show? Fantasy or Scifi? Isekai? Mecha? Romance? Gore porn? Serial murder documentary?. . My Instant Death Ability is one of the most ludicrous shows I've ever laid my eyes on. It defies simple descriptions.... . . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 7/10. -----------------------------------------------. . Pretty standard anime stuff. Nothing noteworthy, nothing terrible.. ...
Heartwarming/wrenching and refreshing!. . Honestly, you have to watch the original before this. As others have noted the depth of some interactions and their contexts in many cases are greatly reduced on screen, which given how much they've condensed -- well, that should be obvious.. . What these films do do however is breathe new life into events we're aready familiar with.. I must say, I still sobbed and cried throughout.. . The animation is smooth and fresh from start to finish and includes our favourite cast members.. . The music is outstanding.. ...
MahoAko is one of those manga I'd never thought would get adapted. Even if it did, they would censor the hell out of it to the point where it is barely recognizable from the original source material, or so I thought. And with a no name studio and a lousy PV out, all alarm bells rang lose inside me. But, even in this nightmare world that is the 20s, somehow, a show with zero animation budget managed to recapture the magic that many ecchi anime have lost in order to appeal to the overseas market/censorship bureaus. Indeed, I only needed to believe.... . Perhaps I should have ...
You're into kink & BDSM themes and want to pretend you're not watching hentai?. This one's for you. (*Bonk* Go to horny jail.). . If you're not into kink nor curious about it, stay away from this title.. . Each episode caters to 1-2 different kinks from bondage, impact play, D/S, punishment, exhibitionism all the way to infantilism.. Some portrayals are debatable and problematic from the message they're sending, other than that it's overall a fun watch.. . The show goes a bit over the top - especially considering it's supposedly 'not a hentai' (but definitely very perverted) - and warrants the audience being bonked to horny jail more than once.
Having survived the horrors that are the endlessly horrible Code Geass picture drama shorts, I thought I was scarred for life. I would always consume the latter with a dissatisfied expression and a hardened core. But alas, this cute and bite-sized series of shorts came by me. And it was such a great breeze of air.. . If you, like me, loved and enjoyed Friere: Journey's End, then I've got some good news for you. However, if not, then I have so many questions for you starting from what even got you on this page to begin with.. . Countless popular shows come with this type of special like ...
I love myself a bit of 'opposites attract' so naturally I was quite drawn to this. If you're into that sort of thing then Cherry Magic is totally worth your time. The back of the manga literally says something like 'Clean-cut hottie x Virgin with self-esteem issues.' How much more 'opposites attract' can you get?! Also, the side ship follows the same formula: Cute younger, extroverted dancer with bleached hair x introverted, older, tall, dark-haired, glasses-wearing author?! Yes, please :>. Also, from what I've read of the manga so far, IMO this is a pretty good faithful adaptation with some thoughtful, well-placed anime-only additions. Overall, ...
I watched this series because it exposed me to a completely different approach to characters and relationships than what I was used to, much more analytical, much more manipulative, focused on the psyche and how to penetrate it in order to fit in groups.. This series has a toxic message mixed with a quite accurate one, one of which is a valid reason for those who do not want to see it.. "You can't always be yourself if you want to be accepted by others" but at the same time "It's not right that everything you are is a lie.". . One of the positions is always driven by ...
"Gushing Over Magical Girls" is a lot of thing, but it isnt for the faint heart, as evident from the key visual itself. Centered around a girl whose adoration for magical girls borders on obsession, the series captures the essence of her passion with remarkable precision. Or should i say, her sadistic nature instead?. . . What truly sets this anime apart is its attention to detail in facial expressions, character dynamics, and the impeccable voice acting, all of which breathe life into the story on an entirely different level. Each episode unfolds with a delightful blend of humor and heart, leaving viewers filled with immense joy.. . . As we ...
Tl;dr it's a solid 8 and if you liked the first season, you'll like this one.. . 2nd Season of Tomozaki is here and it's been a 'second verse, same as the first' kind of experience, with our protagonist-kun still flowering socially among his Machiavellian class mates, diving through drama and friendships like a fish up a river, always fighting, always going forwards.. The story hook of the first season is nearly entirely gone, so if you expected development on the front that he's Japan's or even the world's best Smash player, that's not something the story wants to go into, despite it being a fairly significant ...
Bottom Tier character Tomozaki season 2 is honestly a really big upgrade from s1 in a lot of ways. It remains a series about self improvement and I really enjoy the main plots of Tomozaki, Kikuchi, Erika, Hanabi (Tama). Unlike season 1 being primarily about building up Tomozaki, we got to see multiple characters have their own self improvement arcs, which was really neat to see. I really enjoy the self improvement overarching theme of this series and it really fun watching other characters grow as people and not just the MC.. . Obviously there are a lot of socially awkward scenes in s2 as the MC ...
The anime is great. It's one of the most unique anime one would be curious and would consider watching it. First of all, it has great art style. Second of all, the plot is awesome. It leaves people who watched it with curiousity and excitement. The anime has a mix of mind games,bits of action and slice of life parts(just a bit though). It is definitely an anime one would not regret watching. It feels sad but also kind of happy that this season is done. The fact that viewers realize something they don't for every episode definitely adds up the greatness of this anime. ...
This Anime has made me realise, how great it is to be in love.. . I like how the beginning shows the viewer, the difficulties when you like the same gender. But that didn't stop Adachi. As far as he tried to deny Kurosawa's genuine feelings, in the end he couldn't.. . The anime conveys their feelings in such a lovely way, you get butterflies from just watching!!!. . Even the little substory is as realistic as it can be. The way the characters act makes my heart melt.. . If you need to watch a heart-warming romance anime, that potrays same gender love in their own, joyful way, this anime is ...
Tomozaki is a strange series in a way; a lot of anime are about an outcast character like Tomozaki doing absolutely nothing to change and just magically becoming popular. It's strange yet refreshing that Tomozaki has to make an effort to improve as a person to get out of his funk, but the first season of Tomozaki missed the mark in a lot of ways. It was just barely decent enough to get me to watch the second season, which turned out to be a significant improvement over the first.. . The second season is essentially split into two parts. The first part is definitely the ...
Wow just wow , finally a fucking perfect adaptation that's a masterpiece , an incredible story full of emotions , I don't have anything else to say because already reviews the manga , perhaps you wondering why I give 9/10 and manga 10/10 , just because the ost this anime has lack of ost I barely hear something they could just give a beautiful soundtracks that can make you dive deep in the story ,A beautiful art of work this manga not for everyone for sure , the amount of emotions that contains is insane , also it's so mature ...
Classroom of the elite season 3 is great for Anime only's and just about good for LN readers as it did have some good adapted scenes and lot of cut content which is to be expected for, It's not possible to adapt everything.. I believe COTE is popular because of 3 things, 1> Ayanakoji The GOAT, 2> Waifu's and 3rd one is the mind games and psychological aspects of the show. IF you ask me the anime covers the cool moments pretty well and waifu's and psychological aspects not so well.. Certainly I am truely an excepton as being the only being who dont give F about ...
I will start the review with this statement: This story is not for everyone and it definitely is not for the so called "tourists". It is indeed a borderline H at some points.. . That said, if you are a fan of ecchi like Highschool DxD, To Love Ru, Shinmai Maou no Testament, Ishuzoku Reviewers, etc., you are going to love this one (at least I think so). And there are a few reasons for that: the ecchiness is perfect (as I said, it is sometimes borderline H), it’s got a really good story (I can't describe it much since I don't want to spoil anything for ...
one of the aspects that made it a good anime for me was the ending i felt like character design of prince matched with arnold of 7th time loop though...but it was a good anime. I wont say story was very unique as many anime related to medical field are releasing like 7th time loop, kusuriya no hitogorita etc.. character design of all the males were appreciable but female very a bit off the mark i guess for me.. i dont particularly caught on all characters mindset so i wont comment although there wasnt much to catch on.. i find this anime good enough but typical medical terms and ...
We’ve done it. We’ve peaked. This is the culmination of 70+ years of Japanese animation. It doesn’t get better than this. Mahoako is the crowning achievement of anime. Combine two of the best things ever made, the Mahou Shoujo genre and BDSM erotica and you’ve got Mahoako. A sensual, but surprisingly wholesome experience that lures you with fan service and keeps you with the loveable cast and slice of life moments.. . While it might not have had the motion that Frieren and Kusuriya had, Mahoako was a force to be reckoned with in its own right. Delivering banger after banger episode, solid animation and ...
Chrome hearts mentioned ?!?! Instant 10!!!. . Thought the show was mid asf like first 6 eps but mashallah its act pre good. Characters are stupid low iq but thered no action if they were normal so ig its fine. Cgi iffy but expected from something from netflix ig. Some change or hearts nd that kinda make no sense but if ur here to have a fun watch this for u. Liked the way they were creative with how mc utilises his thing, kept it from getting too predictable. Height diff between good looking characters and the losers were insane, like theres no way im supposed to ...
Tomozaki-Kun continues to be one of the most criminally underrated series of this generation, which is crazy to me since it’s everything Oregairu is hyped up to be and better. Season 2 is a vast improvement in every way on season 1, which was already great. Tomozaki’s character development is apparent and you can’t help but root for the guy as he takes steps to become his own person in this season.. . I am admittedly biased about Tomozaki-Kun as it’s my second favourite light novel series however, even putting that aside, this season is amazing. When you realise that our boy has gone from not ...
Gekai Elise is one of the more original isekai, or should I say, “reverse isekai”, in recent years. What makes this one cool is that Elise is given another shot at life in her original world AFTER being isekai’d to Earth. This allows her the unique experience of combining both her original life’s knowledge and the medicinal skills she gained on Earth making for a really fun watch.. . Now, there’s going to be some party poopers who say the show isn’t accurate or realistic in its portrayal of some medical stuff and to that I’ll agree, but it’s ultimately anime not grey’s anatomy. I’m not watching ...
Cherry Magic! Thirty Years of Virginity Can Make You a Wizard?! - I'm 30 years old this year with my birthday passed as well (as of the time of this review). Can I sign up for the program to become a virgin wizard to enable telepathy into my life?. . As a straight guy, from time to time, I do love some Yaoi a.k.a Boys Love shows from time to time: Summer 2019's Given (which is a phenomenal and outstanding Yaoi version of Bocchi the Rock!) and Winter 2022's Sasaki to Miyano a.k.a Sasaki and Miyano, to name a few. And once again in yet another Winter ...
Ok don't go into this anime hoping for a story with a lot of depth and fleshed out characters and flawless animation. However, it's still a very fun and enjoyable show. Normally I need an anime to have those elements, but this show was the exception. The main character is hilarious, the main ship is super sweet, and the show overall is quite funny. I have not read the light novels but from what I understand it has a bit of a different tone and the anime differed on some parts. I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing though, the anime ending was still ...
Gushing Over Magical Girls - Step aside, Mato Seihei no Slave a.k.a Chained Soldier, I AM THE REAL religious, men of culture, degenerate show that has taken the Winter season by storm!. . Magical Girls. What comes to mind when you think of the now oversaturated Mahou Shoujo genre? Magical powers; magical girls with fluffy magical girl clothes; the ever-so-iconic Kyubey mascot character; the Yuri undertones like the classic Shoujo Kakumei Utena a.k.a Revolutionary Girl Utena; or even the ever-so-slightly dark take of shows like Lyrical Nanoha and Madoka Magica that meanders to the adult side and it being super edgy just because it can. And who ...
Ah yes, the magical girl genre. A genre so wholesome and beloved, from classics like Cardcaptor Sakura to Madoka Magica. There's no way such a cute and wholesome genre can be hentaified, right? Well, Gushing Over Magical Girls is NOT your typical magical girl show if you didn't understand that bit. From the start, it lets you know that this is going to be vastly different than any other magical girl anime you've ever seen, and that's because this one is a fan service anime, and they let you know because it's ramped up by 10.. . Now, I'm a huge fan of the whole magical girl ...
I yearn for a good fanservice anime that knows how to balance the act between sexual content and storytelling, but usually, such things don't often go well together especially when the story is so haphazardly done like Chained Soldier with little time to breathe in between. Of course, it also gets some pretty hefty backlash because trying to support a character that is constantly getting lewd seems to be something people find difficult to do (as for those who might haven't watched Kill la Kill) or viewers hating on a character for being too horny to be accepted like Mushoku Tensei's protagonist. Why am I ...
Loop 7-kaime no Akuyaku Reijou wa, Moto Tekikoku de Jiyuu Kimama na Hanayome Seikatsu wo Mankitsu suru, oh, what a mouthful of a title! This anime wasn't exactly on my radar, but with a decent following and score, I figured, "Why not give it a whirl?". . Picture this: our protagonist leads a cushy life until war comes knocking, and bam! She meets her untimely demise. But fear not, dear viewer, for she gets a second chance—a seventh chance, to be precise! Each time she kicks the bucket, she's sent back to a pivotal moment, rejected engagement and all. Talk about déjà vu!. . Now, our leading lady is ...
The first year is nearing its end, and with it is the last exams and special exams on the horizon. So how will class C end the year?. . Once again in this season are we following Ayanokouji and class C. With the final tests incoming and the class still not being one collected team, are new problems arising. Which once again is seen through multiple complex plans, drama and with a war of knowledge.. . The plot mainly revolves around Ayanokouji that has to take some more direct choices in the events, following the end of the year. We also get to delve into more of the side ...
Classroom of the Elite, Round 3 - We have now arrived at the end point of this excruciatingly fascinating psychological battle. But this is only just a year in relation to 2 more years in school, and the battle of the greatest minds...has only just begun.. . An arduous 6.5 years and 38 heavily compressed episodes later, the adaptation of novelist Shougo Kinugasa's Youkoso Jitsuryoku Shijou Shugi no Kyoushitsu e a.k.a Classroom of the Elite, has finally reached its ending consensus. Not gonna lie, it's sad to see a high-profile and prized series like this come to an end, but Year 2 of the LN has already ...
This is peak non sexual vanilla romance where boundaries are respected and consent is a must. We're almost down to the last episode but I can't wait anymore to put out a review. BL generally has a tainted reputation when it comes to the type of content being put out by majority of the anime or manga we get to choose from. It's shows like these that restore my faith in BL having the potential to be judged as a mainstream one (minus the animation budget) like any other romance story (because romance is romance, irrespective of any gender or sexual biases and stereotypes). Cherry Magic ...
I hope to add to this, in depth, in the future; but, for now I just want to simply say this: Coming from a 25+ year anime watcher with 700sh series watched, this anime has made my top 5 all time; pressed it might be top 3. I really don't know what more I can say to recommend this anime than that.. . One thing I do need to point out, though, the series starts off slow. I really feel like this series is a true spiritual successor of LotR, and it takes some time to get the world built and the characters developed. I started ...
Random and absurd slice of life comedy that can be relatable at times, each episode is totally random as it is mostly moe comedy that some times goes into full action mode where all the characters start getting serious for silly and hilarious reasons.. . Story:. Let's state the obvious, there is no overarching story and it doesn't try to deliver any message but that doesn't mean there's no character development as there are minor character arcs which doesn't ruin the heartwarming experience of the show, I especially found the story of Nano a robot wanting to live a normal life very heartwarming. this show have ...
Jaku-Chara Tomozaki-kun 2nd Stage - It's Round 2 of the social Game of Life! Shall we play a game of socialites? Because it's bound to become nasty this time.. . Back in Winter 2021, novelist Yuuki Yaku's Jaku-Chara Tomozaki-kun a.k.a Bottom-tier Character Tomozaki didn't exactly set the season on fire, especially in a season full of heavy hitters like Horimiya, Mushoku Tensei and the like. Yet, the majority who can really appreciate this show (like me) reeling into the MC's thought process into the human society's evolution from a NEET to a friend, it basically "Character Growth" the Animation on a small scale. Now, with Season 2 ...
Absurd, the feeling of watching this anime is indescribable.. . I'm watched the peak of fantasy anime, I've never seen anything like it. Starting with the ingenious proposal, although I play a lot of RPGs, I've never thought about the fact that for the party elves, everything we've done is in fact one thousandth of their life. This leads to the main factor of Frieren, taking advantage of time, creating bonds, valuing presence in the moment and understanding that there is no such thing as wasted time, timeless and beautiful lessons. In a world where most young people always think they are wasting time because of this ...
I loved the clash of idealism between Vash and Nai in their final fight. Nai is trying to explain to Vash why humans are worthless and should be killed, while Vash understands the mistakes humans make and wants to befriend them.. . I am a sucker for unique animation styles, and Stampede might be one of the most unique and creative ways of animating a show I have ever seen. The constant use of one-camera shots, the sound effects, the crazy angles, etc.. . Vash is a pretty sick character. Seeing how he uses his bright energy to hide the pain that he is going through is something ...
In the world of NTR/UG and other unholy things. this hentai is a holy water splashed on us from heaven!!. . Don't get me wrong there are other vanilla hentais available better story and stuff but this one is well balanced between ART STYLE AND PLOT. btw i'm not talking about the 2nd episode here just fck em. we are talking about the dojo one the real business.. . Lets talk about the good things in this one. . 1.Well Drawn Boobies. I'm not a big fan of super unnatural tits but since this one is well drawn i really loved it. It's like a Football pillow or something.. 2.Let's be real ...
Never have identified with a fictional character more!. . Hitori, our main lead, is an introvert with poor communication skills. She wants to make friends but is so scared of reaching out so will try everything else in order to peak other's interest.... only to chicken out and try to hide over analyzing every single interaction to death.. . More than that is the cast because even if you can't relate to our beloved introvert each cast member is unique and loveable in her own way. Ryou being my personal favorite since I do idolize that kind of independent woman.. . It's a coming of age story but ...
So Season 1 is finished, and now we're already on to The Second Raid!. . For those who want, you can also read my review of the first season, as this is naturally the continuation of it ^^. . Story - new characters, new villains, darker, conflicting emotions, and so on. For me, it surpassed the first season! 8/10. . Action - no more school genre, but more action instead! Whether through mecha battles or personal fights between the two main characters! 8/10. . Comedy - since The Second Raid is much more serious, you'll rarely come across it here. 4/10. . Romance - I don't want to give too much away, so see for ...
A cozy watch for a long time audience of this medium, but it's slightly unaccessible for the beginners.. . You can't deny, out of every tropes and cliches that Frieren has done right, you still need to be familiar enough with the formula to atleast walk in the same wavelength. This show built its own world above prior knowledges out of every Isekai or fantasy genres in anime. So forgive me, if i still can't shake the feeling that this is just a pretty good spinoff or an OVA from a preexisting IP.. . But on the other hand, arguably, that is the whole intention! Yes, this feels like ...
"Grimgar of Fantasy and Ash" is a hidden gem in the world of anime, often overlooked but deserving of high praise. Set in a beautifully crafted fantasy world, the series follows a group of characters who awaken with no memory of their past lives, thrust into a harsh new reality where survival is a daily struggle.. . One of the anime's strongest points is its character development. Each character in the party has a distinct personality, backstory, and set of motivations, making them feel like real people rather than mere archetypes. As they face various challenges and hardships, they grow not only in strength but also in ...
Omg I almost this good anime because of bunch of negative reviews. Thanks god I gave myself a chance to completed this anime. This is actually my first time writing review for an anime that should deserve some positive reviews. This anime is highly recommend if you want some slice of life + romance. Because people kept comparing this to Kamisama Kiss, it received so many negative reviews. The anime is actually decent to watch if you want to kill your time. In my opinion, at least the art is better than Kamisama kiss. So do yourself a favor and give this anime a chance ...
i should jut come out and say this 'i am not of this anime's level even after watching approx 300 anime ova movies etc' like seriously its concept, character design and action....uhh like this is some really legendary anime. 1.it was too unique of a concept to exist and it is soothing and enjoyabl.. 2.the character design and animation was tooooooo good for the industry of past 12 year like seriously if i comparer it to even todays anime it will win right of the bat without even a cliche. 3.this anime was too god for person like me to find any flaws
I can't believe I was initially hesitant on watching this, thinking it'd be another repeat of what Dungeon Meshi is trying to do, and me not being a huge fan of food/gluttony shows. I'm glad to say that the food bits (which I still think are the weakest parts of each episode) aren't a major focus despite what the poster may lead you to think, and that Goumon is the most wholesome show across this whole season.. . If anything, the main theme of the show is on appreciating the mundane luxuries in life. Things like walking at night to the convenience store with a friend, an ...
This is a really refreshing anime on the theme of Isekai Villains!. . Animation: Above average for the genre, but lacks expressions on the characters (our main character has zero expressions due to personality, but it stills makes the animation feel lazy).. Plot: Very interesting and well developed, doesn't really leave us with unanswered questions. The pacing of the story is good and brings forth each character's story a bit, while always keeping the focus on the main character. It has a lot of ups and downs, plot-twists, and even redemption for the character's wrongdoings.. Character development: Outstanding for the genre! It's definitely this anime's strong point! Each character ...
Villainess lvl 99 is an interesting take on the Otome Game Isekai genre, hitting all the right notes to produce a very enjoyable experience, if a little held back by its visual quality.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 7/10. -----------------------------------------------. . While the art is pretty nice overall, the animation does lag behind at times. There's a small amount of rather questionable CGI being used, but luckily it is very minor indeed. Many of the action scenes also lack proper animations, but as a whole it still brings just enough to create an enjoyable experience.. . The show also makes liberal use of cute chibi art for comedic ...
ENG/ESP. . Very entertaining and fun. . Animation: Excellent work by MAPPA both with 2D and 3D and as always in this type of anime where you have to show off more... it does (it's the fights where you have to show off more just in case). With a good and cute character design, I take this opportunity to say that it is a shame the overexploitation that animators suffer, I hope this issue improves... give them their respective days of rest, pay, etc.. They are employees, not slaves... this was a topic that was discussed during the 2nd season but I take this opportunity to say it here. . Music: Excellent throughout ...
Uncut peak. I know this isn't for everyone, but if you have the patience, you will find an incredibly ahead-of-its-time mecha classic.. . Some elements feel dated, and it drags as much as you should expect for this era and genre. This might turn off people used to modern seasonal, because this operates on the axis of 'great TV' and delivers a tone you don't see anymore.. It's a hard boiled show, closer to a war or detective show. The man with no name walks through a story of conspiracy and social connection he wants no part in. A wanted man who will do anything to survive. The ...
Although it may turn out to be a generic otome story where the protagonist enters a game, turning out to be the villain and has to escape the terrible end of her character.. . It turns out to be an entertaining story, easy to watch, the chibi parts are very cute and I feel that it comes out a little out of the ordinary since the protagonist is not looking for romance, she only focuses on completing the story by helping everyone level up to finish the story as soon as possible to live a peaceful life, although there are parts in which she implies that she ...
Art - 8. Story - 9. Comedy 8. Enjoyment - 9. Overall - 8.5->9. . Overall Thoughts. . I thought that was an excellent rom-com anime. The art is terrific, the characters are intriguing, and the balance between comedy and romance is excellent. The jokes are funny and actually made me laugh. The way they portray the romance within this story is very interesting. The characters are middle schoolers and have just become teenagers. They are still trying to find out who and what they are, and Ichikawa does an amazing job of representing the confusion that being 13/14 can bring. He doesn't know what love is and is just trying to figure ...
Don't get me wrong, this anime is a steaming pile of cow poo. But, if you come into it knowing that, and watch the dub, it's a hilarious experience, kind of like watching Birdemic or the Room. It's so bad that you can't help but laugh at it. The voice acting is constant monotone yelling, the animation is awful, and the plot is nonexistent. They use made up words and never explain what they mean, almost like they're talking in simlish. It's objectively horrible, but it's hilarious. Definitely watch with a group of friends and get super drunk while you do it.
This show very much feels like early 2000s Saturday morning cartoons. It's kid-friendly, with a fairly simple plot, and each episode has a mostly self-contained mini adventure. This show most strongly reminds me of Pokemon, but without all the fun creatures. There's a pair of bad guys who reliably show up every episode to interfere with our protagonists.. . On the other hand, there's a bit of mystery in the plot. The basic arc of each episode is that the protagonists encounter a mystery that needs solving, and these mysteries also (conveniently) lead them to these mysterious artifacts that they're interested in obtaining. . The ...
Dragon Ball is a masterpiece that has endured for decades, and it's not hard to see why. The anime has spectacular fights that leave viewers glued to the screen and iconic villains, especially Freeza.. . Vegeta has, in my opinion, the best character development I‘ve ever seen, going from a ruthless Saiyan to a family man while keeping his pride intact.. . And who can forget the mythical transformation into Super Saiyan? A landmark in pop culture, this transcendent evolution is one of the most iconic moments in the series, taking battles to a whole new level.. . Besides Vegeta the anime has a lot of other great characters like Gohan, ...
This is honestly my favorite show. I already read the manga twice, and now I'm watching the anime, and I still think it's fantastic. It is a cooking show, but I wouldn't compare it to previous cooking anime like Toriko, Food War, or Campfire cooking in another world.. . Cooking in this anime is integral to the overarching theme. The show is part monster biology, dungeon ecology, cooking show, dungeon crawling, comedy, fantasy. The show even has it's own encyclopedia called the Adventurer's Bible. That shows how indepth the writer goes into defining the monsters. I've seen a lot of people compare it to a DnD ...
tl;dr: A decent enough side story type sequel film.. . This film is a sequel to the main anime series, and thus the main series should definitely be watched before watching this. It is essentially composed of two deeply connected standalone episodes, though they’re less interconnected than I expected considering that they’re two halves of the same film. The first act focuses on Isabella York, a girl that was living an impoverished life until it turned out she was actually the illegitimate child of some noble and was then thrust into a boarding school to mold her into someone worth marrying off. She hates her new life, ...
Honestly the anime should get 10 stars alone just for how damn amazing madhouse did on the animation. While the story may not appeal to all as it's not some grand adventure to save the world nor is there any clear objective till several episodes in, it is filled some absolutely incredibly animated fight scenes that are worth watching. it also has little to no plot armor keeping characters alive when they should otherwise die as the mc, Frieren, is one of the oldest and strongest mages around and thus has no need for plot armor. that's not to say she has no flaws to ...
This shows pretty good.. . Starting from a ridiculous premise of following the life of an elf who has lost all of her loved ones through the passage of time the story is not an action filled adventure. Animation in this series is fantastic, the fight scenes are the best I've ever seen (in my opinion) but the fights are not what make Frieren so good. I'll organize the rest of my review into thoughts on the story and animation.. . Story:. "Frieren's" story isn't a huge arc focused on violence or some great tragedy, but a focus on the interpersonal relations of the characters and the mundane scenarios that ...
Short review: Ishura is a good-solid show featuring a fun and compelling battle royale between Dark Souls style bosses and characters. What made it work for me aside from the great production is the substantial story progression and thematic development. I am giving it a 7.5/10. It could have been an easy 8/10 if not for the sparse middle section.. . Expectation before watching: I knew nothing about the show or the light novel before watching the anime. I only had a vague sense about its generic isekai/fantasy setting which is the equivalent of toilet paper these days unless meaningfully differentiated from the run-of-the-mill stuff. I ...
a great romantic comedy. . The story is somewhat unique because the realization of their true feelings is revealed early. However, you will get blue-balled for some time because the characters keep missing each other, but disregarding this and taking the anime for its comedy will get you through to beautiful scenes and a great lead-up to a tremendous romantic payoff.. . The character's makeup is the same as any typical anime with typical categories, which is all right. Every character faces real-world problems and has had to overcome adversity either before or during when the show takes place, which is why the elite high schoolers become more relatable ...
Long time lurker, first time reviewer of MAL for this absolute MASTERPIECE by Madhouse.. . It is truly a well deserved #1 anime of all time, the story, the character development and the animation are all 10/10.. . I really wanted to create a review for this anime to offset some of the hater and absurd reviews I saw. It is so obvious when the reviews are disingenuous, these people would rated some ecchi obscure anime a 9/10 and give this one in a lifetime show a 4/10 with nonsensical reasoning.. . Frieren is one of those rare anime where it may not be the absolute best in every technical ...
Recommended to skip reading this anime synopsis and reviews. You will be surprise how well-crafted this anime.. . Story 8: I didn't read anime's synopsis and reviews. I just watch it randomly. In eps 1, I thought like some trash cliche anime where the heroine is too kind, looks weak, and meets some handsome guy. But I still hold-on until 70% of eps 1 where the whole scene that I have watched are inside visual novel game and somehow the real heroine is introduced at in the end of the episode, she is a villain-looks. It's really surprised me that made my neighbor mad because I sound ...
Naruto is my favorite anime so this review will be a long one.. . If I had to describe Naruto in just one sentence, I would say, "An Epic Journey of Ninjas, Friendship, and Self-Discovery.". . This masterpiece not only offers epic and thrilling battles but also presents rich and profound character development, engaging storytelling, and a lasting message of perseverance and friendship. As someone who grew up following Naruto, this journey was more than just an anime - it was a fundamental part of my own growth journey.. . Let's start with the fights. Naruto is widely recognized for its intense and exciting battles, skillfully choreographed and full of thrilling ...
Much like the saying; “What is your favorite Disney era?”, being part of the Anime community will surely have you acquainted with how every “generation” is associated with a big music hit, or artist, that made a name after dropping the hardest opening/ending theme song for an Anime, You have your LiSA, TK, Linked Horizon, The Pillows, and so many more great and well established names that are some times the face of the Anime they were involved in one way or another, but certainly, and especially in recent year, a name has been very well present, the kind of presence that managed to overshadow ...
In a vast ocean of anime, few manage to capture the pure essence of adventure like One Piece. From its thrilling beginning to its most recent arcs, the series continues to captivate me with its incomparable sense of exploring unknown islands, facing imminent dangers, and forging bonds as strong as steel among crewmates.. . The sense of adventure in One Piece is really immersive. The Straw Hat Pirates' journey through the Grand Line is an emotional rollercoaster, full of highs and lows, yet always keeping the flame of adventure alive. From the imposing Grand Line to the exotic and surreal islands, the world of One Piece is ...
One of the most exciting features of Hunter x Hunter is the sense of adventure we get from it. From dense forests to bustling cities, we are taken on an exhilarating journey through richly detailed worlds. With each story arc, we are introduced to new challenges, unexplored territories, and fascinating characters, fueling curiosity and the desire to discover more about this vast and complex universe.. . The power system, known as Nen, is one of the brightest facets of Hunter x Hunter. Its complexity and creativity elevate the series to a higher level. From elemental manipulation to unique abilities and brilliant combat strategies, Nen offers an infinity ...
Sadly the journey came to an end , I m usually not the biggest fan of the Otome villainess genre , not only cuz of the isekai/regressor elements but also the tropes that come with it naturally like the evil heroine , the reverse harem and more .. . Villainess Lv 99 manages to solve a lot of these problems with adding action to the mix ( which is very rare in these ) for some eps , but the majority of the time it is the high-school/slice of life and romcom elements that are prevelant . I was nicely surprised with the characters , Yumellia ...
Unwanted Undead is a very solid fantasy adventure that leans more into the adventuring slice of life, rather than any epic storylines. It does what it set out to do rather well and is enjoyable through-out.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 7/10. -----------------------------------------------. . The art is clean and detailed, and animations decent. The show does seem to have moments where they've decided against including scenes completely rather than spend effort trying to animate them. As such there aren't any spectacular battle scenes, though what we get is good enough.. . . Sound / Music / Voice Acting - 7/10. ...
Decent anime. It kept me entertained all throughout the show.. . Plot: Pretty much like the title states. MC gets reincarnated into a Otome love story RPG fantasy game that she played before except she's reincarnated as the villainess. Though through her life she decided to want to do nothing with the villainess role nor the otome's MCs and just reach max level showing off her power without meaning to. Though the more she tried to stay away the more she kept getting involved.. . I honestly though it would've been more like some other shojo love story anime, which I think I find I'm just not into ...
Highly recommend anime.. It's a good anime.. Those who likes Action & fantasy based anime then this anime is for you. Aftre episode 3 this anime is full of action with very good storyline. All the characters have their own unique story and powers. First at starting of this anime, like 3-4 episodes are not that much good. These 3-4 episodes gives the expression that this anime is revolving around a week Main Charector that becomes strong as anime progresses.. But the surprise comes when the Main Charector gains power's and becomes strong to fight the enemy. Here starts the main story which is full of action and ...
With villainess adaptations becoming increasingly common in recent years, they can start feel a bit repetitive at times. Luckily, Akuyaku99 does just enough differently to deliver a fun experience. Featuring one of the best girls of the season as an mc, some well done comedy and an interesting story. If you’re at all a fan of the genre, you’ll find this one entertaining.. . The biggest thing separating Akuyaku99 stand out from its competitors is the MC, Yumiella. Whereas most protagonists in this genre are based on the main character of a video game, she’s based on a secret boss and wants to stay that way. She ...
If you're looking for something fun to watch that doesn't have too much angst (although it does have some), this may be a good anime to try. It's also a good anime for people who can't get enough of the "reincarnated as a villainess" trope that's become so popular recently. That being said, there are a few details to keep in mind while watching it.. . . The first of these is the animation. For some reason the animators decided to use a mix of 3D and 2D animation for this anime. When the 3D animation (generally used for non-humans) is used in a scene with 2D animation ...
If you do not like the first episode, you likely will not like any of this!. Pros: Romance; inspirational young woman; German stuff (I think); various trades; shows example of someone put in very PTSD & Depression environment ROCKING IT; NOT a harem like you might think from picture (I like all the cute boys in harems, but happy to see this ain't that). Cons: Traumatic events (light; not horror or too dramatic); unrealistic (should be expected); Antagonist (?) can be both extremely charming/attractive, but also triggering; sexual assault (?). . I almost did not watch this because of the reviews/comments, but happy I did. The main character is ...
It was actually good. . It was actually just a simple plot which is nothing new but it expectedly so good. That I Just felt like watching it.. . The story was simple- "defeating the demon lord to live a peaceful life". Still Rather than have a serious tone it was actually funny. The best part was the progress in the romantic relationship for mc, she was a dense minded cute girl which made it hard for the male mc but the way there relation progressed was cute 🥰. Just like all isekai the racism was on whole another level 😒 which made the side characters annoying but at ...
Entertainment: 7/10. . Only the entertainment criteria is used for scoring since that's the most important aspect for me. . Art style: Good design, fight scenes were better than expected for a comedy anime. . Characters: mid since theres not a lot of screen time outside the 2 mc. . Plot: very mid for a comedy anime, nothing out of the ordinary happens, quite a lot of cliche moments to fill screen time. . ...
I don't want to leave a long review, TLDR: Absolutely unexpected banger. Great characters, great romance, nice fight scenes.. . The first impression I got was tht this was going to be another one of those shitty, episodic, painful to watch so called 'romcoms' where characters factory reset every few eps without any development, where they repeat the same gags over and over for 12 eps. Ngl, the first few eps are garbage. It just felt like a shitty Love is War ripoff, with RandomXD Please Laugh humor. I wasn't really surprised, I had 0 expectations on this one, I'd never even heard of it.. . NOPE. Shit pops ...
A person trapped in an otome game as the secret boss, who decides to just avoid the hero and her party, but is it that easy?. . Villainess level 99, is a show that follows Yumiella who regains her memory of being a normal person playing the otome game she is now trapped in. She knows she is the hidden boss, and decides to carve a path that will lead her life away from the hero’s party and give her a peaceful life.. . The plot revolves a lot about Yumiellas trying to live a normal life, which is way harder than it originally seemed to be. Suddenly people ...
Frieren in my eyes is literally perfect.. . I have been a fan of the manga for a long time, I still remember the day the first volume arrived in my local comic shop and from there I have always waited for the following one with great anticipation, and it is incredible how the performance of this anime can be so perfect and magnificent that it surpasses the manga itself and surprises you even when you already know everything that is about to happen.. The passion, love and soul that every staff person is putting behind this anime is commendable, I would thank them every day.. . Speaking about the ...
This anime is a nice commentary about how AI could influence our life in the future, and if that is a good or bad thing.. . The good part about it is how it explores different scenarios of "what ifs".. . That being said, it also had a "anime plot" that was really bad.... no conclusion, no explanation, no reveal of some kind of masterplan that it was hinted at. In that area it fails.. . Still, if you want to see the challenges humanity could have if AI becomes even better, I recommend you watch it. Just don't expect the main plot - anime part to be ...
Before watching, I thought that this was the worst anime this season, especially with the Echi and Harem themes which were definitely very boring.. . But it turns out I was wrong! Indeed, for the first and second episodes I was quite no understand about this anime, especially in the story and background of the incident location, slowly but surely I started to understand that they were in a different world and were tasked with protecting there.. . For Harem or Echi here it is still in a safe condition, not excessive, let alone making the audience horny, this is just my opinion, whether anyone else's.. This is different from ...
Yugioh Dark Side Dimensions is a movie that by all impossible odds should not exist, but it does. A movie that breaks the cliff ending tropes most franchises and anime shows end in. This is the Yugioh movie to satisfy all Yugioh fans of the original story.. . If this movie came out in the 2000's, it would be a cult classic. But because it came out in 2016, it does both good and bad in it's modern upholding, though surprisingly, it's flaws don't have anything to do with the actual lore itself, but the direction that the new movie plot went.. . This movie, if you asked a ...
One of the greatest well written saga of all time! aT FIRST there are too many episodes and then there isn't enough.. If you want to get into an anime with amazing world building, mysteries, adventure, world politics that mirror our own, amazing lovable characters, then one piece is for you. As someone who grew up with The big three (Naruto, Bleach, One piece) one piece definitely comes up and beyond with how well rounded it is. And one particular thing i LOVE of it are how the FEMALE characters are written! Yes, unlike every other shonen where the girls are written to be the ...
Villainess Level 99 - The smarts of a villainess, played like an actual Otome Game character who's nonchalant about its routes and goes on her own tune: I don't care (but deeply care), my way IS the correct way. *Pikachu face*. . "Reinventing the wheel". This has been a phrase ongoing and about for just about any kind of source work needed to inject a fresh look into genres that with so many potential formulas, has become pretty much copy-and-paste ideas, which give a sour taste at the afterthought. This is pretty much true in all sorts of media, even the AniManga industry, and especially when new ...
Apothecary Diaries is a a unique blend of mystery, intrigue, and historical fiction set against the backdrop of an ancient imperial court politics. This anime offers a captivating glimpse into a world of intrigue and power, with a clever and resourceful heroine who consistently defies expectations.. . The biggest standout of this anime is the protagonist, Maomao. Maomao is, in the simplest terms a unique blend of Gregory House and Sherlock Holmes - but a female protagonist done right. She is downright a complex character that doesn't always adhere to social norms or expectations. She often acts based on her own judgments and insights, even if ...
This is my first review, so forgive me if it's nothing spectacular :). . Firstly, I wanted to say that I probably had more luck than many others, as I only recently started the Full Metal Panic series and finished it completely within a few days. Maybe after 13 years without a continuation, I would have lost interest or lost hope that it would ever continue. It was unusual for me that I, who have already watched a lot of anime (503), somehow discovered this beautiful anime only very late. But now let's get to my first review ^^. . Story - clear and understandable until the point where ...
Sasaki to Pii-chan is uniquely a mish-mash of isekai-reverse isekai, which involves magical power system + Men in Black plot + Medieval type politics + corporate negotiation elements all in one anime. It's frankly a double edge sword - it either intrigues you or confuses the hell out of the viewers. In my case, I actually kind of enjoyed this anime and this unique premise.. . The supporting characters are kind of generic but developed just enough to keep the plot going without appearing too jarring - and the MC is an ex-corporate salaryman with a decent moral compass but without appearing dumb, naive or annoying - ...
The Misfit of Demon King Academy is an intriguing anime that takes the trope of an overpowered MC and plants it firmly within the walls of Delsagade, an academy designed to find the next demon king from among the descendants of the original Demon King of Tyranny. The twist? Anos, the original demon king himself, reincarnates 2000 years later, attending his own academy, only to find that history has been altered and his legacy has been forgotten.. . The anime delights with its unique blend of fantasy, magic, and school life, driven by Anos's charismatic and undeniably powerful presence. Anos is designed to be an all-powerful protagonist, ...
-Eisen: Himmel we need to defeat the demon king asap, Why are you wasting your time washing your ass, just wipe it.. -Himmel: if I'm gonna beat the demon king, I would like to do it my way. I would want to be clean.. -Heiter: AUfdsfa-fodshfaeoojnmbg (he is drunk). -Frieren: Corrupt Priest, Also I have a spell that just cleans your ass entirely after a dump. You want me to use it?. -Himmel: No, that's not the point, I would like to make a change, to the people I saved. I would like to make a difference, that's the hero way.. . -Frieren 50 years later: You made a change (crying). . Great ...
This is a music video for the first opening of Frieren. The animation in the music video is different from the animation used for the opening in the anime itself.. . The lyrics match Frieren's story very well and it's clear the song was made for Frieren specifically.. . The animation in the music video is a collection of scenes of Frieren, Himmel and shots of nature. There's also a few scenes of Frierens original party and one or two of the current characters. The animation quality is quite good and what's shown in the animation often matches the lyrics.. . The song is a song by YOASOBI ...
This beautiful and contemplative comedy fantasy anime tells the story of Frieren, along with her two teenage companions, apprentice Fern and warrior Stark, as she sets out to retrace a memorable journey.. . On the way, there is adventure and a lot of reflection on the nature of relationships and spiritual values such as kindness, joy, humility, justice and respect. The tone of the show is contemplative with lots of flashbacks but there are also moments of fantasy magic fighting action and relationship drama.. . The characters of Fern and Stark are fun counterpoints to Frieren. Where Frieren is detached and a bit in the clouds, Fern is serious ...
So i just finish watching Frieren.When before frieren anime anouncement i read the manga and not long after i read the manga Frieren Anime Just Announce so i very happy to know about the manga.. . And when Frieren anime just release i immediately watch the first episode of the anime and 7 mounts later this anime is finised and this is ny review. . Story (9). . Why did i rate the story 9/10?. So the story is simple about an elf that had a long life and struggling to understand human feelings. . In this review I won't give the synopsis you can read it in MAL. ...
Frieren doesn’t demand your attention in quite the same way as other masterpieces. The action, comedy, and heart-tugging you would expect are all there, but instead of relying on intensity to keep your focus, it’s understated in a way that means you have to actively choose to stay engaged. I’m really glad I made the effort, because as I did I kept getting more and more out of it.. . The show leans into some familiar adventuring tropes and then consistently goes beyond them, creating something very different from the shallow, generic template it came from. For one, the story begins after the battle with the demon ...
While this anime doesn't attempt to tell the love story of the century or break ground on any new concepts, The Foolish Angel Dances with the Devil has more personality and more character development than most romantic comedies I've watched. I'm absolutely not the first person to say this, but the first episode shows to some *ahem* questionable scenes to say the least. This is absolutely something you must get past, but I promise this show is well worth the watch!. . This show doesn't introduce any new concepts in the world of romantic-comedy anime. This is generally seen as a bad thing since it means watching ...
Absolutely wonderful and enjoyable anime. Chock full of all the rom-com slice of life anyone could ask for.. Seeing Senpai and Nagatoro gradually fall for eachother as the series progresses had me in my emotions for most of the anime.. There are some episodes where not much happens but the lighthearted, goofy comedy in those episodes helps fill the gap.. Can't wait to get the manga in japanese and looking forward to season three supposedly in late 2024.. The art is not incredibly detailed but beautifully simplistic. The romance is the meat and the facial expressions are the potatoes of this anime.. The voice acting was ...
"Tis Time for Torture, Princess". It's seriously one of the most unexpectedly delightful shows I've stumbled upon this winter.. . So get this: it's about a princess who gets captured by the Demon Lord's army, right? But instead of your typical grim and dark story, they flip it on its head. Instead of the usual torture, they treat her to all sorts of crazy stuff like gourmet meals, spa days, and even playdates with cute animals. I mean, how hilarious is that?. . But it's not just the premise that's great. The characters are so lovable and quirky, from the princess herself to her witty sword companion, Excalibur. And let ...
MY PERSONAL RATE:(10/10). . STORY:(10). CHARACTERS:(10). ENJOYMENT:(10). SETTING:(10). SOUNDTRACK:(10). PACING:(10). ANIMATION:(10). ART STYLE:(10). ...
An excellent season 2, I think it is successful overall. Little spoiler : I loved seeing the Red/Rit couple having a good time together and even getting engaged. Certainly Van and his little idiot behavior was a bit hard to follow but it's good that he ended up changing his mind and evolving afterwards (even if it was a bit long I admit) but it had to be because the demon king must be defeated after all.. . This season 2 allowed us to develop a lot of characters like Ruti, Theodora/Esta, Albert and many other characters. I really enjoyed seeing these characters change for the better. ...
Wow, that is all I can say after watching this show. The animation is amazing. The openings are excellent. The character development was so good. Fern had great character development. After watching so many animes, few have left the mark Frieren's journey's end has. The aspect of showing how valuable and how much people can take time for granted is a great new spin. Seeing how it affects Frieren and how she treats her companions in this story is phenomenal. I just thoroughly enjoyed watching this anime. I cannot recommend this anime enough. If any show deserves a 10 on MAL, it is Frieren! I ...
The AiKa saga never ceases to amaze me now that I'm taking the time to watch it.. . I'm impressed by the amount of stupid analysis you can read online from people who are paralyzed by the fan service and can't make a good story.. . AiKa R -16 is a prequel that tells us about the first big adventure of our famous protagonist. Without wasting time, we are introduced to an intelligent, adventurous, but above all, brave AiKa.. . Three important concepts can be highlighted during the development of the plot.. . The first is the formation of a trio of tough friends, AiKa, Eri and Karen. The author understood that he ...
I really thought that this is gonna be a normal Romance, Shoujo anime genre but it is not like I've never thought that the title itself really means a relationship between a real Angel and a Demon. This is the downside if you never interested in manga/novel and started off to watch the anime. The first episode on how they meet really not that interesting for me but the story really build-up to be a really great Romance, Shoujo and Comedic anime and I really enjoyed it so much. Their interactions really cute and lovely, at least for me. The animator needs to improve on ...
no matter what no one says i will defend this show with everything i have. i seen the tiktok jokes about the show and decided to give it a chance; i literally called out of work just so i can watch the 1st clue + s2 over the weekend and i can confirm that if u can get past the FEW questionable things the mc does then this anime is actually peak fiction. this anime single-handedly changed what i thought an isekai was. i don’t know whether it’s the production, the story telling, the animation, or what but i genuinely love this animanga
Sousou no Frieren is an enjoyable take on the fantasy genre with a unique premise and consistently high production value. It is an introspective slice of life show at its core that also incorporates action and a little romance. The action scenes are well done but the show is at its best during quieter, more intimate moments where it creates a cozy and nostalgic atmosphere. Watching Frieren feels like sitting by the fire with a cup of cocoa gently warming you and a soft bed waiting for you to fall into. The themes of the show remind us not to take our life or relationships ...
Frieren: Beyond Journey's End is a captivating and emotionally rich anime that takes viewers on a journey through friendship, adventure, and the beauty of life. Set in a fantastical world where immortality is both a gift and a burden, this series explores profound themes with grace and depth.. . One of the most striking aspects of frieren is its stunning animation and artwork. From lush landscapes to intricate character designs, every frame is a visual feast for the eyes. The animation brings the world to life in a way that fully immerses the audience in the story.. . But what truly sets frieren apart is the heartfelt storytelling. At ...
AMAZING :d. my life is ruined now that i have finished, there is nothing left for my future now that i cant even look forward to the end of the week with a new episode.. . I have always wondered what happens after the end. Even though the story continously caputalizes on the past, it is refreshing to see life just being lived (albiet in a magic world). Unlike alot of animes in the top 10 there is no purpose to the story there is no nessessity of heros to travel and save the world to defeat evil and create a new age, because that has already been ...
Returner's Magic is a show that's a mix of fairly common fantasy tropes that manages to put together a sufficiently interesting story and characters, along with passable production values.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 7/10. -----------------------------------------------. . There's nothing wrong with the show per se, but it doesn't really impress in any way either. Everything is pretty standard for a moderate budget adaptation.. . . Sound / Music / Voice Acting - 7/10. ...
Oh man, I was so so happy to see this manga to get an adaption and this adaption is superb. I love it. If you are looking for an anime that has comfy vibes, nostalgia, fantasy, elves that you can bully, for some reason an odd focus on feet and armpits and dialogues in which the characters are not going full BRBRBRBR ZA WARUDO, this would be your anime.. The animation and art are all around pretty good, the plot and characters are intriguing and engaging, the ending song is beautiful. I love it and you better love this anime or else I will do bad things ...
When deliberating (pointlessly mind you) why Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood has remained the most popular and critically acclaimed anime in the English speaking community, it becomes almost stupidly obvious as to why that you don’t need some kind of stuffy, overblown academic paper written by some scholar of 20 years to figure it out. FmaB has basically everything that a typical anime fan wants in their shit without any serious catches or pitfalls. It’s a long (but not too long) action-adventure story with a well realized setting, endearing characters, slick designs, kickass animation, memorable opening songs, the works. There’s a critic on this site that once ...
tl;dr: An anime with amazing production values and a really strong character arc for the protagonist, but a really weak supporting cast.. . “I love you.” Words so simple that one may think that they should be easy for anyone to understand. But at the same time words with so much depth that they are impossible to explain to one that does not. And for Violet, coming to understand these words becomes her life’s purpose. The only life she had lived was as a weapon. However, the war was over, and she had lost contact with Major Gilbert Bougainvillea, her commanding officer and the only person she ...
This is one of the anime sequels I've been delaying for several years after the Internet spoiled its end as soon as it came out.. . It is impossible not compare this season with the previous one. Although the thrilling intensity and drama of the first season remain, something doesn't feel quite right about it. The way it comes back from the breaking point of the first season finale is somewhat disappointing. It is a step back after a poorly justified deux ex machina. Then, the extremely fast pacing from the first season starts again so that it becomes exhausting to watch it while trying to catch ...
I truly enjoyed this season even though I'm not a fan of mecha animes.. . The writing is fantastic. It allows the viewers to deepen into the mind and feelings of the main characters, especially Lelouch. All of his fears and strategic thoughts as well as his mental instabilities. It is shocking to see him go from behaving like a caring brother to completely losing his mind falling into the temptations that come along with power. The best thing about his character development is that he's not the always good character fighting for his beloved ones, he also shows traces of selfishness and aloofness, regretting some of ...
Frieren within the fantasy genre is different, it is a journey, there are no villains, there is no big problem, the anime tells you that they are in a time of peace and they show it to you, it is not just empty dialogue.. . Instead of focusing on a big problem, they prefer to focus on the connections and bonds that are formed between travelers. What the passage of time means for a long-lived species and what it means to treasure the bonds she made with a specie that, for her, can disappear in the blink of an eye.. . I thought it would be a sadder or ...
Sometimes you need a change of scenery. After years of exclusively working on hentai titles, Sawayoshi Azuma presents his first "regular" story here - and one has to say: the "career change" was worth it.. . The story revolves around the young demon Masatora Akutsu, who is sent from hell to earth to find a new leader (a so-called "idol") who will motivate the demons to confront the angels from heaven, because although while the angels seem to be exorcising demon creatures every day, no one there really seems to be getting their asses up. . . He disguises himself as a typical high school student and meets the young ...
I won't say that I fully recommend this anime, but it's not bad to watch, just enough to fill the time.. . As an Isekai themed Fantasy anime, I think this anime is very mixed, At the beginning of the story there were many strange things and there weren't even any explanations, for example when they first got Kenja's powers, the students were able to adapt quickly for their first 3 students who have gained Kenja powers come to attack, fortunately here there is a little explanation that they have already been to that world and trained their powers, but unfortunately there is no explanation of how ...
This anime has only one purpose, entertain. The only thig that you can expect from this anime is turn off your neurons and enjoy.. . The only thing that have sense is the beginning where they told us that an entire class got summoned to another world and all of them were given with an ability (classic isekai). Here is when the things start to make no sense. We know our MC, Yogiri Takatou, who has the ability of instant death, but is not a death that attempt against your mortality, is something more powerful a death that attempt against you existence. Now Yogiri and Dannoura ...
This was recommeended to me by a friend and my god is this anime the best I've seen in years, the lore and emotion behind this, not even including the insane work A1 studios has done with animating and creating this masterpiece. If you love Isekai, enjoyed Gate and Tokyo Ghoul this is a MUST watch anime for 2024. The anime has started out with an amazing story in EP1, beautifully layering the protagonist and has continued throughout the season, unlike most other animes that start with an impeccable introduction episode but then 'fall off' further into the story.. . . TDLR, if you enjoy the Isekai genre, ...
Violet Evergarden has become one of my favourite animes. The story starts quite strongly with an interesting concept but has some pacing issues shortly after it as it tries to find its feet. Once it does it just delivers on such incredible characterisation, stories (both main and side) and sound. The animation and art are stunningly beautiful which pairs so well with how beautiful the sound and music is throughout. Violets character just grows so perfectly but I can see why some people may dislike her Mary Sue-esqueness when it comes to finding out what human emotions mean. It does seem to come quite natural ...
Kingdom 5th season will get you hyped every time. It's all about fighting, strategy, politics, and ideals. There are so many tense and crazy moments, it will get you onto the edge of your seat if you are invested. This season highlighted a huge fight with the Qin army with the commander being a previous warlord. As you can imagine, almost two thousand years ago, there were a lot of atrocities everyday, let along during a war, and with an army full of former bandits. There will be moments it is over the top. As with any war, it is just a huge chess match ...
Brief Intro-. Not very well known apparently but exceedingly good. Just a cultivator's adventure in a world full of danger. His only goal is to become stronger and survive. If you watched the earlier seasons, you have a gist about how things will go but in case you have not, here is a brief background. MC is cautious and realistic. He is average or below average in terms of cultivation ability, as seen by his poor spirit root, but has this insane treasure that allows him to speed up plant growth which are used to make cultivation pills, medicine, etc.. . Difference Compared to Other Seasons-. This season ...
Dosanko Gal wa Namara Menkoi is an anime that delivers exactly what is expected of it.. . In this story we follow Shiki Tsubasa, a high school student who is moving from Tokyo to Hokkaido. Arriving there, he soon meets a beautiful girl named Fuyuki Minami who helps him with the challenge of adapting to the new environment.. . The story of this anime follows the pattern of animes of this genre:. 1º a slightly shy protagonist with almost no personality, making it easier for the viewer to put themselves in the protagonist's shoes.. 2º extremely beautiful girls, with breasts so big that they make you wonder how they manage to ...
Tis Time for Torture Princess is an unexpectedly delightful anime that turns the traditional concept of torture on its head. The Princess, Commander of the Imperial Third Legion, finds herself subjected to the most unconventional forms of torture by the demon lord's army. From gourmet meals to spa days and the company of adorable animals, each episode is an inventive and humorous take on what constitutes true suffering. The princess is then coerced into divulging the kingdom's most trivial secrets.. . The anime shines with a diverse cast of characters, each bringing their unique form of torture to the table, enriching the story with their backgrounds and ...
How this anime feels is the first sip of coffee in the morning, hearing the trees rustle on a spring day, hearing the laughter of close friends. Or to put it more plainly, this anime is a warm, heartfelt, ironically human show that is an standup example of its genre (as a slice of life).. . This show is very self-aware and knows what it wants to do, then executes it well. Throughout the anime I found myself yearning for more character development of each side character, not because they were boring but because from a few seconds on screen, the anime made me want to get ...
I only found this because it was recommended, and it's been one of my favorites this season. Yea, it's cute and food related, but it's full of surprises and a demon lord who's a better boss than 95% of the ones in the real world. Torture and her sidekick are original and hilarious, and the cast of supporting characters provide the princess with everything she's been missing in her life. And she returns the favor. It's a "feel good" anime that's fine for kids and adults and one I'm glad there's a season 2 announced.. . Yes, most of the characters are kids and most of ...
Whoa! A pleasant surprise. A fantasy anime that is well paced, has a pretty interesting story where I wasn't able to always guess what's gonna happen next, and a really well done presentation of it. A slowish like one, but it felt perfect for this kinda of anime. The vibe, mood, the MC, the other characters, all blended together to make something that felt always short when it came to episodes, even though I binged watch it... I could only imagine the pain of waiting a week for the next episode. This left me smiling and wanting for a next season!. . Story: 9. . At first I thought ...
This was my hands down favorite anime of its cour mostly because not only is this one of my favorite manga of all time but the anime did such a great job with the material. While there are gags, the greatest strength of the comedy aspect of this series is that it is first and foremost absurd. Sometimes things are play so straight I giggle giggle giggle and other times they're so over the top I'm howling. Yet, comedy isn't the only strength of the story. It also has a lot of heartfelt moments like a slice of life anime might have. That's part of ...
Kanaten on the surface seems like it might be just another generic romcom. After all, it is obviously based on the centuries old template of Romeo and Juliet, with the forbidden love of enemies, an Angel and Demon, falling for one another, and with the initial reaction to this anime I was concerned the adaptation had been massively screwed up. Having been following the manga this is based on for nearly five years, I can safely say that isn't the case. This adaptation kicks ass and greatly exceeds my expectations.. . The most simple description of Kanaten would be a romantic comedy with action elements. The romance ...
A story of a devil and an angel that starts as enemies but slowly grows closer, and forms a new strange connection.. . The Foolish Angel Dances with the Devil, is a story that follows the devil Akutsu and the angel Lily. They start out as enemies, both hiding in the same high school, but from their competitions they slowly start to form a new relationship.. . The plot involves Akutsu trying to recruit someone for the devil army, while Lily is fighting devils. Each one of their plans starts getting intertwined, which leads to more and more trouble, while they try and keep their special relationship secret. The ...
A breath of fresh air for the pokemon franchise. . The plot follows a girl named liko and her friends that travel on an airship looking for answers on liko's pendance while they are also hunted by some weird villain group (team rocket's replacement).. . The art style is a big improvement from the previous 2 pokemon shows and outside of comparing it to the other pokemon shows the animation is great. . The characters are all very likeable, liko is a very decent protagonist and the rest of the cast is also likeable, it has friede, roy, dot, molie and a few others, the only character i dislike is nemo ...
Story: Much of a new genre story, Unexpected twists and turns. Adventurous for sure.. Characters: the respect, coordination, waiting, wanting, giving and spirited all are up for the whole movie.. Art: it's great that all those spiritual sensation made through the vision of the anime artist.. Fitting: as like most Comixwave productions involves cat as their privilege of honorable tradition hereby it shows the exact timing where it's the purpose of most of the main leads taking them to their destination throughout the journey. Love cats!!. Overall: Typically the music, the soul and the humility all go hand on hand with this anime movie, it ...
Story: who wouldn't love to travel even if it isn't tourism, traveling is fun... Especially in groom sticks and growing imagination. Who wouldn't want a friend who's up right there to give space, make u up and coexist with you, who wouldn't love cats, who wouldn't love such a movie that could show all of the universal love in my different forms.. Characters: love kiki but moreover Ursula has my whole heart. She does all of the things that an artist yearns for lifestyle. Importantly interacting with nature to the core.. Yeah, not to leave off the guy lead he's cool he's a cyclist awww ...
Story: one fine story of Aircraft, war and leadership.. Characters: first the n blue stone magic of sheeta is one of my fav beginning. Her art is a lofi goody... Pazu is a good guy, active, and an opportunist. All of the ghibli movie characters will have something to learn from, more importantly love!!. Art: definitely laputa's depiction will create likability for anyone who new to aviation but has the desire to.. Plot twist: villian roles do create drama yet there's more fun at the climax. Just give it a go! If you're the one who's anyway to cling onto your loved ones for protection ...
Story: As the gist turns out to tell on the communication. Yeah it's pretty much important and there are many other movies portraying that yet this one is quite different.. Characters: relatable to the girl Main lead, I felt similar ways of getting hurt by people due to language barrier (non native speakers could relate too).. Somethings are left as said unnecessarily. Somethings aren't bothered because of people's insensitivity and things that's to felt gets withered. This anime had shown all these with much validation !. Some emotional genre anime couldn't make you regain your control but these would definitely make oneself to learn self acceptation.
I've never been to Hokkaido before but upon doing some research, it's said the destinationis been known for "rich agriculture and seafood resources". Watching Hokkaido Gals Are Super Adorable made me wonder just how the gals in this show can make a reputation of their own. It begins on a cold freezing day when 16 year old Tsubasa Shiki meets Minami Fuyuki.. . It seems love at first sight. Unlike some traitional rom-coms, there's an overemphasis on their first meeting. The first episode spend a great deal of time on their chemistry. Despite coming from completely different backgrounds, the two are drawn towards each other like two ...
Story: A person with artistic skills seeks nature to support him rather than luxury or materialistic support. This is already such a masterpiece. I had gave thoughts before trying but the truth is its one of those anime where a wholesome of life is giving hope!. Characters: Obviously main lead sensei made such a cool role in it. Had got to know how men could handle kids in far pretty way at times than women. Also those kids, village people (island residents) and all the ones made such care alive. It never felt like an artistic show focused for artistic.. It is really awesome. I ...
Hokkaido Gals Are Super Adorable! - Who knew that rom-coms not based in the stereotypical city of Tokyo would be just as adorable, if not fun?. . Let's face it: even the most recognizable of genres will even have a moment of staleness, and one such genre most affected by will undeniably be the romance genre. Like fantasy and Isekai AniManga, romance can be done in so many ways that when you have seen one, you've seen it all. That however, is not the case for mangaka Kai Ikada's Dosanko Gal wa Namara Menkoi a.k.a Hokkaido Gals Are Super Adorable!, more than just a promotional advertisement for ...
First: childcare along with slice of life genres are basically far enough to make one happy.. Story: pretty emotional story plot along with all the cutest moments that one could have with children. Characters: first preference is karino, bcz he's pretty honest at his career with manga. Next sure is kotaro the way he address everyone with sir and lady regardless of same or above age people. Respect, fun, humanity, kindness, love everything is explicitly beautiful in this story .. Episodes: I just finished this anime in one week but worthy of all the 10. None of the episode is lagging or boring..everything is very much ...
As a self-proclaimed connoisseur of fantasy television series, I must confess my undying love for the show "The Adventures of Frieren the Elf". From the very first episode, I was captivated by the mesmerizing world of elves, dwarves, and magical creatures.. . One of the standout features of the show, however, was the main character, Frieren the Elf. Not only was she a fierce and brave adventurer, but she also possessed a unique trait that set her apart from the rest - her incredibly sweet and alluringly smelly feet.. . From the moment Frieren removed her boots in the first episode, I was completely enchanted by the scent that ...
'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess - Yikes to torture, Welcome to comedy (is subjective)!. . Every season, we get too many shows delving into the serious space, and it feels that there aren't as many shows that are of the KonoSuba variety: a pure fantasy comedy that can allow breathing space of fun and excitement, just for the sake of comedy. And it's even MORE rare from a series that comes straight from the juggernauts of the Shonen genre: Shueisha themselves. Introducing to you, from said publisher's Shonen Jump+ (FYI, where the currently most popular series of Masaoki Shindo's Ruri Dragon is seralizing in): mangaka Robinson Haruhara's ...
Made in Abyss is an Sci-fi anime that, no matter your taste, you will probably like it. Even tho the characters are kids, the anime is not only made for kids.. . Unexpectable plot with chill exploring moments and some frightning ones as well. Amazing ambiance (ost, scenarios), cool characters and an well structured world.. . Im not an huge fanboy of the series but i can understand why it gets so much love, it is very well written and original, but i find it to be a nice experience to have, surely recommended but it feels like its missing something, its feels like they are just vaguely walking ...
I started watching this anime when it came out, and I was intrigued from the first episodes. I was especially interested in Maomao. At first, the age difference between Jinshi and Maomao was too much and I thought that the relationship between the two could be a romantic relationship in the future. When I started reading the manga, I learned that the age difference is not what I knew (this is also learned in the anime). That's why some people said it was a silly series, but it wasn't.. There are different mysteries in every episode and that's why I can say that every episode is ...
The fact that most anime fans one:. think this season is "boring" and will likely not finish it and two:. don't seem to realize that this is the only proper Seinen manga adaptation we have had in over a decade is all the reasons you need to know as to why I no longer associate with the anime fandom.. . This is seriously the only anime aimed at an adult audience that has been released since Cowboy Bebop and the fact that the man-child anime fandom doesn't seem to catch on to that fact is really embarrassing and why I don't associate with ya'll.. . The fact that ...
Solid all the way the around. It's a no isekai fantasy which is rare these days. It's similar to Goblin Slayer but not as dark. There is no grand conspiracy or world ending threat for the MC to overcome. In that it's similar to a slice of life. It also doesn't have a harem theme either which is great in my book, there is a romantic interest but that's as far as it goes.. . The one weakness of the series is that while the supporting characters are interesting not a whole lot of time is spent with them. There isn't a party with different personalities to ...
For anyone to know, I'm the type who watches different kinds genre of anime and that includes hentai or ecchi.. . In my years of watching hentai, this is the first of its kind where the MC specifically didn't just go around fucking around girls.. . For context with no spoilers, MC's family runs a bathing house and this house is used by both his male and female classmates after their practice in volleyball. Pretty much the reason why girls even go there because of this volleyball Practice.. . Then of course, if you saw the visual cover. There is two girls, orange head girl is a somewhat tsundere + submissive ...
6 - Inoffensive isekai slop, with some nice pacing and story beats - It has some heart - Not bad, not great. The score of '6' is what I give it relative to other things, my enjoyment of it was a '7' and I never felt like I shouldn't bother with it whenever I saw a new episode pop up.. . Story: High school student turned protagonist in a fantasy world to become the 'Ring King' who needs to convince five princesses to give him their paired ring, in order to fulfill the legend and beat the baddie. He's into the main girl, who's into him.. There are ...
Simply put this is The Maze Runner: The Anime ( it begins and ends similarly to how the 1st TMR movie did, kids live in a walled enclosure, they are experimented on, there's a mysterious virus and the outside it's a dystopian world, so yeah... many similarities), a second season is needed because the story was nowhere near completed after watching the last episode, so many things were left unresolved and unanswered.. . This review needs more information! ok dude, I guess I have to type more eventho I was done.. . Is the story unique? well TMR is unique and this anime is unique, but when ...
(1st-half thoughts). . There are 2 things that I believe one should be aware of about this Anime before watching it:. The first is that it's a very wholesome show... with a tiny bit of unannounced gruesomeness. Don't get me wrong, the vibe and story of the show is definitely intended to be light-hearted and funny. But if you have a dislike for anatomical dissection, blood, and such stuff, you need to be wary that you'll see those things at some point in the show. Not often, but it has some. Might wanna check it first before letting kids watch this.. The 2nd thing I think everyone should know ...
It's a pretty decent fantasy shoujo/romance, she isnt a villainess, thats about it.. . The female lead is a failed attempt at stitching together several traits, unique, strong, relatable, quirky, always correct, independent, etc etc. Perfect is an understatement when used to describe her, this just reduces the stakes and makes it somewhat boring. I usuallly hate the term 'flawed character' as its often used to describe irredeemable abominations (looking at you, akito), but there are several characters that become so much more human, interesting and relatable with a few flaws. One moment she is whoopin ass, solving problems, clearly stating her boundaries, and fortifying her ...
So This anime was about started something big this was the season 1,. the presentation was very good, the romance very good, and the comedy was good,. this anime was about hardworking and dreams, this anime give you a lessons that making your dreams true was not an easy things. Not like others anime that have their dreams reached in just 1 - 3 years,. not with Bakuman, The MC and his friend was worked really really hard. Even in the end of season 1,The MC was get failure. There is Two things that really good in this Anime. 1.the Character Improvement every character in this anime ...
This anime was very good for someone that want to relax and watching some simple anime story. So the anime was about a city boy that go to farm school at country side. And then he learns many life lessons and found a love. Why this anime is good?. It's because this anime was giving you a many good life lessons, how it's look to living at country side. Trust me watch this anime. . But one big problem is just, the anime isn't completed, and for me imo the ending was not very good so I will give this an eight. . That its , I really recommend you to ...
Just Don't think anything and enjoy the feelings, enjoyment and scenery. . Trust me this anime was a very good anime where you can enjoy it without something weird or epic at the anime, this anime was simple about an introvert City Boy that having problem and went to countryside. . So the feels was make you to feels how a countryside feels and the anime was very good at present it to watchers. . For me when I watch this, I just found 2 things that bit problem for this anime. . 1.this anime was focusing on the comedy so if the comedy was not your type or your things of ...
thank goodness headphones exist or else the bone chilling wouldn't be as impactful - just how the artist intended.. I was prepared knowing that Dark Gathering (DG) is pretty horror-filled but oh my god i was not 'prepared' prepared for DG at all - if viewers can just be patient and push through the first cour of the anime (which isn't too difficult to do imo, the episodes are all pretty intriguing enough to sit through) - shit just hits the ceiling man - DG is NOT for the faint heart or stomach.. . The horror is absolutely macabre enough to twist your brain chemistry but ...
Sousou no Frieren is a beautifully crafted tale about a young (though millennia-old) elf learning to appreciate the little things in life when her scale of time is decades instead of days. In kind, this anime spans many years, focusing on events and moments that stood out to her. This poignant premise coupled with powerful storytelling and an all-around stellar production coalesces into a brilliant work of art and entertainment.. . Visuals: 10/10. Madhouse hasn’t gone this hard since No Game No Life: Zero. It’s immediately evident from the first few minutes that Sousou no Frieren is crafted with care. The animation of characters’ eyes and hair gets ...
BlueLock is a gem.. . Bluelock is the story of 300 (slightly femboy) soccer players (who are all strikers) put into a building and in the end only 1 can prevail to play for Japan's national team. And if they don't make the cut they're out. For good.. . Our main character is a boy named Yoichi Isigai who wants to surpass his limits and become the best.. . Im just going to clairify before we continue in case you're lost. This is a sports Shonen. If you don't like Soccer or sports just stop reading .. . Like soccer? Or a little bit interested? Let's continue!. . The show ...
They are the couple who are made for each other one ! specially female lead is needed in male lead's life ! so that he becomes kinder ! anyways female lead just does her overpowered things which is the main plot of this show which is nice to see but that reduces the moments of chemistry between male lead and female lead which is kind of unsatisfied ! don't get me wrong when there is romantic moments between the two they were so good ! hope there will be more in next season if made! so as for me it's - 6.6/10 ! the poster ...
ENG/ESP. . Very entertaining, fun and interesting. . Animation: Very good work by David Production and TMS Entertainment from the character designs to the 2D and 3D that look very good during the fights although in some episodes I noticed certain "errors". An example: A certain character has something that 2 seconds later he doesn't have, they are silly details but they add up when talking about it and/or in anime in general. . Music: Very good soundtracks in general, Openings and Endings, I especially prefer the first OP , this one is in tune with what they show in the videoclip. . Characters: It has quite a few characters with their characteristics, abilities ...
first couple of episodes were not that interesting for me to be honest aside from the female lead moments! but the second half throws a twist and it gets better and at the end everything becomes good ! but the downside of this anime is action scenes! they are honestly a bit boring and bland for my taste ! the side characters were sometimes annoying but they were handled pretty well in the second half ! the animation is decent but pretty bad at times but acceptable given that they are less in overall! so as for me it's - 6.5 stars / 10 stars! ...
Ngl a lot of people go around saying "Oh it's def not deserving of #1" or "There's plenty of better anime." And the more I think about it, the more ignorant those takes actually are. It's actually no surprise why frieren blew up so much. Anime has just been largely industrialized, just assembly line pumped out, largely due to the rise of Mappa it feels like the passion of anime has been lost. Freiren is just genuine, and people can feel it. You could just tell the animation team was driven, and free to express their love for their craft in this project. They weren't ...
This anime is a very casual experience with a little something for everyone, there is some slice of life elements, some cool battles and memorable heartfelt characters that give off the energy real people would. Most named characters in Sousou no Frieren feel like complex characters akin to people. Once they have been introduced characters seem simple but usually give off the energy of main characters. They all seem like real people with real thoughts and emotions, people you'd like to actually have conversations with and go on a journey of your own. Enough gushing about the character writing though.. . Sousou no Frieren is a story ...
I will die on the hill that this anime is one of the best of the season if not one of the best slice-of-life animes made. Mark my words, and this anime will become an instant classic if picked up for another season. The story is amazingly made, and the characters and arcs are perfect. I watched this show to prepare for bedtime, and when I did, it gave me a new outlook on life. It is probably dramatic to go that far, but I don't care because I cried more times than I would like to admit while watching this anime. Yuzuki-san Chi no ...
This is one of those series that leave you absorbed after its end.. I want to start this review with the construction of its world, there are very few animes that have such a complex and well-crafted background of their world and Shinsekai has both of these things.. The characters, without being so charismatic, fulfill their role more than well, they are all more than necessary for the plot.. A well-crafted script, the dialogues and scenes will not let you take your eyes off the screen, everything is so intriguing from the first episode to the last and the soundtrack accompanies the sequences very well.. The weakest section of ...
It is now 2024, and Dragon Ball and Hunter x Hunter have exploded in popularity in the anime industry. Regarded as some of the best in the industry, it makes me feel upset that most people aren't actually aware of Togashi's YuYu Hakusho as much as I think they should. Combining Togashi's masterful craft of storytelling and characters, as well as battles that rival onto Akira Toriyama's Dragon Ball, YuYu Hakusho is a work that everyone should experience at least once in their anime-watching careers - especially if you're a fan of the old eighties and nineties style of anime. For those who adore Hunter ...
Definitely not perfect, some of the characters can be annoying sometimes and the humor is a hit or miss, it's really good sometimes but other times it feels out of place and cringe. Probably my favorite anime of all time though I don't care what anyone says, the fights are peak and emotional and it's like almost every side character in the show doesn't get left out they all have amazing character development throughout the show. The plot might be basic but it's executed almost perfectly in my opinion.. . The only complaints I have is that sometimes the humor gets repetitive and ...
"I CAN FIX HIM: The Anime" number 26315.. . That's it, that's the whole anime is about. I don't usually write a review but when I finish the anime it got me thinking that it's one of the "I can fix him" anime and it's just funny to me.. . There are so many villainess reincarnation anime recently, but this anime has nothing to do with that so I'm not sure why it's called "villainess", but of course every time there is a "villainess" anime, the villainess isn't going to be a real villainess, which we have seen many times for the last several seasons (or few years), ...
Hell's Paradise is just awesome. Please watch it.. . Full disclosure: im also biased because I've read the manga and finished it.. . Hell's Paradise is the story of a legendary ninja called Gabimaru the immortal who is sent to this "paradise" along with several other inmates and retainers (who are literally executioners) to find the potion of immortality and in return they get a pardon for their crimes.. . The setting? It's in the 1600s. The 1st episode takes place in Japan but the rest take place on the island rumored to be a paradise.. . The anime has heavy Chinese influence and Buddhist mythology is also incorporated ...
It's about time anime added more representation.. . In this anime, we have white women, who are only shown as side characters in movies and real life.. . Karen is the main character. Though she is Japanese, she emanates the spirit of white women everywhere, and she makes me proud.. . If dogs could understand anime, would they enjoy this show? I don't know; I don't speak dog.. . However, if you are an anime degenerate, this show is mandatory watch.. . ...
An overwhelmingly feel good romance anime displaying a variety of approaches to relationships. The series waste no time in getting right to the point of where things are going. There aren’t any wasted episodes on wondering about “what-if” for too long.. . Only reason, the rating isn’t a solid 10 is due to one character seeming too perfect throughout the series. Not to say the character doesn’t have flaws or needs to have more of them. It’s just something which stands out compared to the other characters around them, who are constantly working towards overcoming something.. . Still a really good watch for anyone looking to try out a ...
I don't really feel the need to write a proper review for it and yet I am writing something. Hear yee! Hear yee! A show that everyone is gushing over is actually really good. Pick up your jaws from the floor, people. But seriously, what else is there to say that wasn't said before? My thoughts are but a drop in the ocean... Although... How else would this ocean come to be?. . Frieren took the audiences around the world by storm. A warm, comfortable storm, profoundly beautiful and beatifully profound. My expectations were very high and I was still left impressed: from impeccable presentation to themes ...
As the ending song said, "And you alright? I'M NOT ALRIGHT". . I think during my entire life, I teared up or almost teared up saying farewell to an anime maybe twice before and in both times, it was the finale for the ending of the series. But surprisingly I almost did tear up watching the final 2 minute of frieren. It felt like a complete story yet it has soooooo much more to give. I can now say, should it remain on this quality, Frieren will undoubtly go down as one of the best in anime history. Ma shaa allah. . I'll try to keep my review short. ...
I liked it overall. Good character development, you do care about most of the characters and their motivations make sense contextually; lots of grey, not so much black and white. Hollywood should take a hint from works like this on how to effectively write characters.. . It has a pretty art style with Miyazaki-esque colors and is fairly laid back. The action scenes were pretty good, but most people aren't watching the anime for the fights, they're watching it for the chill sipping-something-hot-while-wrapped-in-a-cozy-blanket vibe.. . I look forward to Season 2, although I've heard that the writing does decline somewhat. I suppose we'll see!
The idea of aliens is one of the most popular ideas in a mass culture. Probably because people ask themselves the question: is humanity really the result of natural evolution on earth? Could it be that someone created us? And if there is no God, then who? These questions have been around since the 1960s and will be relevant for many years to come.. The idea of this anime is so deep and scary that we can't even believe that we can watch its screen adaptation. Today, television in Japan is trying to bring new restrictions, almost imitating China, believing that cruelty is bad for ...
~~ A HellBent Half Arsed Review™ ~~. Overall Rating: 9/10. . ----- Reason for watching? -----. gay girls innit (gigguk recommendation). . ----- Reason for finishing? -----. The most invested I've been in any anime in a while. Also gay girls innit. . ----- Story: 6/10 -----. The story is fine. It's certainly no masterpiece of fiction, but it does what it needs to do and has a few cool twists and turns. I don't really care that it's not immensely complex nor is it realistic in any sense of the word, it's fun when it's fun and it's dramatic when it's dramatic. The plot moves forwards which is more than I can say about ...
Wow... Nichijou is a masterpiece of an anime. It's more like a "What the hell?" anime in the most amazing way. As it is a slice of life, already not much is to be expected. But, it is an amazing anime. The animation is absolutely amazing. This anime is purely an example of Kyoto Animation's extraordinary work. The anime being funny, cute, and episodic is truly a feat I've rarely seen pulled off well. Nichijou is a one-of-a-kind anime. I have never seen anything like it. There is no plot, and just follows the life of highschoolers, and it is somehow the best anime I've ...
The Apothecary Diaries is a wonderful adaptation and makes the needed changes to fit a visual medium. The creative team, which includes director Norihiro Naganuma, and character designer Yukiko Nakatani, reimagined the characters to best suit this new format. The casting of Aoi Yuuki’s portrayal of Maomao is nothing short of phenomenal, and you can somewhat tell the team made changes to enhance her performance by having a lot of expression.. . The setting of the series is based on fictionalised Imperial China. Despite being a fictionalised version of that setting, the author and the creative team involved do want to maintain cultural and historical authenticity. This ...
Frieren: Beyond Journey’s End is truly something special. The initial simplicity of its concept blossoms into a crescendo of inspirational and heartwarming lessons. The inevitable passage of time, overcoming regret, embracing fear, and practicing open communication are beautifully interwoven into endearing messages throughout. Consistently gorgeous artwork and breathtaking arrangements help to cement the emotional impact of each scene. Through deliberate and patient pacing, the story is only enhanced with an open mind. Moreover, the production and creative talent behind this project are genuinely outstanding. Please take the time to watch this in its entirety. This is one anime that you do not want to miss.. . Time ...
watched first time when it was releasing then watched it again now 💋. . tweetei que o daisuke anda gay se veste gay fala gay age gay e então colocam três mulheres seminuas na opening pra fingir que ele é homem e mantenho minha opinião. um homem tão rico jamais seria heterossexual. . a abertura é bem legal sdd quando faziam animes com aberturas legais... hoje em dia nn se tem mais isso... o plot tbm é bem legal e eh bem divertidinho mas nada que me mantenha obcecada (mas eu fiquei c vontade de ler fanfic daisuke x kato sinto muito viu...) e a animação eh PICA ...
This story Will take you along on a yourney. Tho keep in mind if you do not like "old" animes from 90s and 00s, this might not be for you due to its typical style from "back in the days". . Story is about a boy Who is named teito klein, which is super funny cause in Norwegian its translated to "stupid-o awkward" 🤣🤣. His father dies and his being "taking in" by some angels Who are "ghosts". Yes this dosent make sense but its very Well explained in the anime and I do not wish to spoil. I honeslty liker the last 6 EP of ...
Frieren has a wonderful message. Appreciate the things you have in life now. Its a simple message but one we should all take into consideration. Being immortal she begins to lose her closet friends one by one regretting that she did not cherish the time she had and now travels with the students who are reflections of her former friends. Its a great story filled with a cast of colorful characters. The story cleverly mixes in the past as she reflects on situations to help solve new ones. The characters are all great, Frieren protrayed as stoic and powerful in reality is lazy, clumsy, and ...
An anime that anyone who has a love for fantasy stories or realms will love. It will also make you revive or develop that love if you don't already have it.. If you like fantasy anime where there's action, adventure, and emotional scenes, this anime might be worth watching. . The story is interesting and has well-made characters that you can care about. The animation is also very nice, with well-drawn backgrounds and beautiful fight scenes. Overall, Frieren is a well-made anime that is entertaining and enjoyable to watch and is among the best works of Madhouse in the last few years.
Being anime-adapted from a Visual Novel, the first season of Steins;Gate premiered in 2011, but even by today’s standard, it is an anime that is still being praised by viewers and critics. While Steins;Gate has been criticized for being tedious, or confusing, most people find Steins;Gate to be compelling and engaging for it’s storytelling, philosophy/themes, and for its characters.. . Story. Without going into specifics or details, Steins;Gate is a time-traveling story that is mystery-driven, complex, and emotionally impactful, and while the first part of the season starts with a slow pace, this pace is needed for world-building ...
Imagine a potrait of life,. With all of its beauty and vividness,. A landscape of memories.. With a tint of blue as regrets and melancholy,. Glancing over the whole landscape.. A sky filled with innumerable stars. Reminding us of the ones we loved.. A breeze gliding over white sand. Humming a lullaby of sleeping memories. Of those old and lost monotonous days.. ...
I love this anime. It’s beautiful, chill, epic and the animation is perfect !. The characters are unique and chara designs are very good. . I want that anime to stay number one in My anime list. Idk why but le site veux que je parle beaucoup alors je vais beaucoup parler.. . Oui oui je suis passé au français mais flemme de continuer en anglais. Je veux juste mettre mon 10.. . En tout cas une petite masterclass qui est aussi bien en manga.. ...
Absolutely amazing, everything was just perfect in this, the art style, animation, story, the characters, the character designs. It was strange going into it when it would take place after the main villain was defeated, but it ended up being so much more interesting without that looming threat. Going through the stories of the main characters and even the side characters was very interesting and emotional. It's hard to describe the feelings I got while watching this, but it was very peaceful, fun and very satisfying. I didn't know how much I needed an anime like this until I watched it.
TLDR: Cheap generic fun.. . An "attractive" older stepsister, Ichika, doting over her new stepbrother, Tomoya. No, it's not a hentai but it's Japanese and there is a dozen of these amusing 3-minute anime series with the same premise. I guess this is a popular trope. Basically, it is generic. The music, art, and animation quality are pretty standard. But it's not horrible and I don't get a creepy incestuous vibe. That might be the one thing that set it apart in that Ichika just wants to be a loving big sister. This almost gives "Oneechan ga Kita" a bit of wholesomeness; all be it in a ...
I am typically not one to watch adventure anime but I started it on a whim and quickly fell in love. Its ability to evoke emotion is on a whole nother level than anything I've watched. The animation is drop dead gorgeous. The characters are phenomenal as well as the soundtrack. If you want something super action heavy then this isn't it. But this is more about her journey and what she learns and the relationships she develops on the way. Is this the best anime of all time? To me it's not. I personally prefer apothecary diaries to this but frieren is definitely up ...
The reason I am writing this review is to provide another perspective as a light novel reader of this story and how such a perspective could change the outlook you might have on this anime.. Please note that I decided to put "Recommended" for this review having in mind you are a fan of this type of shows in the first place. If you aren't, perhaps you should read this review further and see what things you should keep in mind before deciding whether you should watch it or not.. . "Villainess" in the title:. Let's get this out of the way.. The word "villainess" was so far only relevant ...
This was one of my favorite anime of its season if not my most favorite. Every week I looked forward to watching the next episode and I'm really sad that it's finally come to an end. The characters are engaging and I liked the way by making the theme of the series everyone's day off, we got to see elements of the typical Power Rangers/Magical Superheroes shows that we don't get to see as much of in the proper genre. I also liked that the series focused on one of the main villains of their universe because it also broadened what the audience got to ...
Watched the whole show in one go today, which may have helped my rating, because this kind of anime tends to become a drag if you get it in the weekly doses of 20 minutes during the original publishing routine. But binging it was fun, because by binging you're living the moment and don't get to think about the deeper logic and contingency that, well, let's be honest, you don't find in any other isekai anyways.... . I am not sure what I enjoyed more: this spoof of a genre that I like, but which has been churning out so many forgettable shows in the ...
Tamayura changed my life, I saw many Slice Of Lifes but Tamayura moved me so much to the point of crying in each episode, its Soundtrack is so beautiful, masterpieces, the landscapes, the group of girls, Fuu with her passion for photography and how highlights that concept, it is stupendously beautiful, an anime worth watching if you like the Slice Of Life/Iyashikei genre. I watched all its seasons, its movies are beautiful, unforgettable anime, it is incredible what Tamayura can transmit, thanks to Tamayura it gave me the desire and reasons to travel to Takehara but there is no money, and if I had it, ...
It feels like an eternity since I've been given such a phenomenal anime with a well thought out plot, great art and animation to accompany it, emotional thought provoking moments... more than that, it feels so mature in that it doesn't baby me with your typical anime tropes. No obnoxiously screaming kid protags, no overly ecchi scenes meant purely for fanservice, no moments where I have to groan and just deal with whatever stupidity is put before me-- Just a fun and emotional journey that is pure story and human feelings.. . I'm not going to go into too incredible detail, but if ...
Out of all the "villainess" anime to come out within the past few years, 7th Time Loop is by far one of the most interesting that I've watched. I don't have a lot to say about this anime other than it's a very cozy and cute romance. The dynamic between Rishe and Arnold and the progression of their relationship felt natural. This show likes to take its time to flesh out these two characters so that we can actually feel something for these two. The drama in this anime worked well and is non-toxic, which definitely kept me invested each week. Again, I don't have ...
I started this Anime with no expectations really, I was just looking for something to watch because i was bored but this might just be my new comfort show, four girls trying to go to the Antarctica, each for their own goal, facing morale dilemmas and situations that could change their friendship, count me in. it was a beautiful yet kinda sad but funny and comforting show, the scenery was pretty, the music perfect. the background stories of the four main characters but also side characters were sad but just made you love the characters even more because of what they went through, you could ...
If you liked the exploration of blessings from Season 1, then I think you'll like this season too. Season 1 asked the question "Do you have to live as your blessing dictates?" and answered it through Ruti overcoming the life consuming blessing of the hero and gaining the freedom to live as she wants.. . But what if the person with the hero blessing actually wants to be the hero? Season 2 features Van, the "new" hero, and instead asks "Is simply doing as your blessing dictates enough to fulfill your role?" The clash in ideologies between Van, a devout follower of the Almighty who confers blessings, ...
I'll try to make this review as quick as possible as I quite enjoy reviews that are straight to the point. I really really enjoyed every aspect to this movie but I don't think everyone will like it as much as me. The movie looks and sounds AMAZING as is the bones standard and really captures the mood of Tsuneo saving up to pursue his dream of traveling abroad. I really applaud the use of light breezy backing tracks and the occasional sentimental sad ballads when we get to the main drama of the movie. Overall the soundtrack doesn't stand out because it doesn't need ...
Mr. Villain's Day Off - Even villains do need their days off of rest time as well.. . Slice-of-life comedy series are easy to do, but when you have Iyashikei series (like Yuru Camp) doing the same, it becomes hard to separate the truth from fiction. And in the Winter season, boy, do I have the perfect couch potato show for you: mangaka Yuu Morikawa's Kyuujitsu no Warumono-san a.k.a Mr. Villain's Day Off.. . Do you desire rest from the world's never-ending troubles of work? Well then, how about the work of good vs. evil? These two things never ending clashing that well, and this is the problem for ...
Are you tired at your unloved job? Do you want to take a vacation? Or maybe you also want to relax watching anime? Then Mr. Villain's Day Off will be a real silver mine for you, and if you also like pandas, it will even become a gold mine.. . The Slice of Life genre has been changing the concept from anime to anime for years, but the essence of the genre remains the same - to relax the viewer and take his mind off the murders, fights and other elements show's on which you need to focus and turn on your brain. There are works ...
7th Loop serves as a shining example of how to write a compelling villainess story, as well as having one of the best female protagonists I’ve ever seen. If you’re like me and a big otome fan, you’ll really enjoy this one as it excels at all the usual story beats, while managing to be a breath of fresh air for the genre too. Unequivocally one of the best shows of Winter 2024.. . So by now we’ve had the concept of an evil villainess getting another shot at life done multiple times to varying degrees of success. What makes 7th loop cool is that as the ...
Imagine a show released on the same season as Sousou no Frieren and just as acclaimed. Fall 2023 anime slate was stacked, and this show and Frieren were the two twin jewels of that batch. Probably because it had something different to offer and did it very well.. . Kusuriya no Hitorigoto or The Apothecary Diaries is so good but it's so hard to pin down everything good that's going for it, but I'll try to list a few things why this series has become one of my favorites. I hope it will also help you decide if this show is for you.. . 1. It scratches that Sherlock ...
So the story is something that i was totally interested honestly ! it's the fanservice and the fact it's a harem of this year ! there are better harem anime than this in this year but they don't include proper fanservice like this one ! plus the main lead is not that bad if you compare to those other typical harem protagonists! so after completing it i have to say it is decent enough ! there were some illogical and dumb moments here and there but they were overshadowed in the fanservice! plus here there is actual harem going on i mean this not that ...
7th Time Loop - The Otome Game-ish villainess trope has never been so deeply refined like this: a congenital and deep-rooted analysis to get the best circumstances possible...by marrying your worst enemy, just to live a carefree life.. . 4 years on since the start of the Isekai-ish villainess sub-genre, it has seen many changes to go from strength to strength. Gone are the days of the Otome Game feature (though still prevalent in shows like this season's Akuyaku Reijou Level 99 a.k.a Villainess Level 99) of Spring 2020's HameFura, and in comes pure fantasy element shows like novelist Touko Amekawa's Loop 7-kaime no Akuyaku Reijou wa, ...
Time loops. Probably one of the oldest trick in the book when it comes to plot devices. It makes its way into this show known as 7th Time Loop: The Villainess Enjoys a Carefree Life Married to Her Worst Enemy. Now imagine yourself in the shoes of a character who has been stuck in a time loop 6 times trying to escape a certain fate. This is the story about Rishe Irmgard Weitzner who tries to find out the truth.. . The english version of the title is translated as: 7th Time Loop: The Villainess Enjoys a Carefree Life Married to Her Worst Enemy. It's exactly how ...
After dying the sixth time to the same war, is it time to try and handle the situation directly.. . 7th Time Loop, follows Rishe who is a noble that originally was betrothed to the crown prince of her home country. But after seeing the prince breaking the engagement off for the 7th time, she decides to go and try to live a more carefree life this time. What she did not expect was running into the crown prince of the country who started the war she had died to six times. Even more surprising was it that he asked to marry her.. . The plot then revolves around ...
I watched this show while it was airing and found myself drawn in by its strong character writing, eye-catching visuals, and subdued humor (a far cry from the over-the-top gags I often expect from anime). As the episodes went on, the mysteries got deeper, and I began to appreciate the intentional shot compositions, the fun callbacks, and even the slick opening themes. There was a lot to love about Kusuriya no Hitorigoto.. . I don’t want to overhype this show, because it’s not for everyone. But for me, it hit all the right spots and quickly became a personal favorite. I highly recommend giving this show ...
Siscon. Brocon. Lolicon. Isekai.. . Sora and Shiro are an unstoppable inseparable sibling gamer duo.. They are challenged by the God of Games of another world and then summoned into that world.. Fighting on behalf of humanity they must defeat the nations of the other races and earn the right to face the Gamer God.. However humans are the only race with no magic affinity. Putting them at a huge disadvantage and on the brink of losing.. . The main characters are interesting and entertaining.. . Both characters are geniuses. Sora the older brother is great at planning and manipulating. So is great at dealing with people.. Whereas Shiro the 11 year old who ...
Dungeon Meshi was my favorite for the best new anime of winter 2024 and it did not disappoint.. . Dungeon meshi is a typical fantasy world with guilds and dungeon expeditions, but it approaches it all in a way I haven't seen before (I'm not saying that something similar doesn't exist), instead of fighting, the anime focuses on cooking.. I like this refreshing approach to dungeon exploitation, each monster encountered is described in detail, as well as the method of its preparation.. . The cooking isn't just an addition to make the anime stand out, this anime actually spends a lot of time delving into how to cook ...
I love the holistic belief that magic, psychic powers, and magical girl powers, are all existing simultaneously. Some have speculated that they're more or less the same energy, and simply called upon different ways. Psychic powers are encoded into your DNA. Some anime portray this as genetic inherited abilities like in Naruto. Other anime will explore learning new abilities by training chakra or qi. Some abilities are unlocked by performing a ritual or witchcraft, which may require a vessel, possession, sacrifice, scroll, grimoire, arcane circle, rune, or some other way to embed the "code" of magic into a physical form. Chanting a spell is like ...
The Apothecary Diaries is a pretty good anime overall;. The animation, sound and art design are really on point. The theme and historical-feel are really nicely portraited in the show, something interesting always appears on the screen to keep you hooked, and the problems that the main character faces are rarely similar one to the other.. . The show has elements of drama and mystery with a very ample cast of interesting characters with their own goals and interests. Some elements of comedy do appear to bring levity to the show and to dishing out the personality of the cast. The plot has a lack of a 'big ...
I found the premise to be an absolute 11/10 genius concept,. while the execution was about a 9.5/10 until about half way through.... ...and then a solid 8/10 from there on out. (No spoilers, I won't say why.). . All in all, 10/10 once-or-twice-in-a-decade masterpiece!. If you haven't seen this yet and don't mind a darker story with a satisfying ending, you're missing out!. . ---. Okay, site won't let me voice my opinions without more info but it's late, im tired, and my review really doesn't need elaboration, so.... "Copy/paste then tweak the prompt" time, and hope it checks the boxes of the over-zealous pre-post auto moderator!. ...
Frierens portrayal is just raw dogging life with no edgy story, character insert or overwhelming grand narrative to be hokage of the village. Very well made animation that goes above and beyond the manga material. I would say to enjoy this, you would have to be versed in a few different genres to understand why things are done so well.. . The issue I see with people's hang ups with Frieren is driven from their own lack of understanding about wha makes the show enjoyable because they are watching it with the mindset of "when does it get good?" Or devoted FMA fans that can't tolerate it's ...
As one of the earliest fighting shonen, Saint Seiya inspired many series to come. It has elements like the Golden Power Up that inspired one in Gundum and might be the thing that someone inspired even the Super Saiyan, it has a tournament arc, has side characters with popularity that exceed the main character and a story structure that is used by shows like Bleach. In particular Bleach resembles a lot on Saint Seiya and can be considered a spiritual successor. Both series have male leads trained by a female character, have to fight people from an organization they are associated with, a traitor subplot ...
Please ignore my personal rating of a 6, I enjoyed it and you should watch it too.. . Not a big fan of the early episodes to be honest. Keep in mind this was written with the release on Season 2.. . The characters are the worst part of the show. The protagonists are reduced to simple tropes, the primary villain doesnt even show up physically until the second season. The side characters however, while interesting in their respective premises are reduced to mere plot devices or a throwaway chatacter meant to evoke melodrama in an otherwise dry part of the season. Thematically it doesn't fare well either, the ...
After 12 weeks, I'm finally going to write my thoughts on this sumptuous season, because there's a lot to say about it.. . I'll start by complaining about 2 things in particular. First, the overall rating of the series. How can it be that this season receives such a catastrophic rating, knowing that other, much worse anime receive a much higher rating(I'm not aiming at any anime, except perhaps the one with 7.55 for this season). What are the fans doing, seriously?. . Animation: 6. AD: 8. . Nevertheless, despite my disappointment on this point, I do understand the rating, which allows me to move on to my 2nd complaint: Voln's animation. ...
The story of Frieren is a beautiful and emotionally riveting tale that deeply touch my heart. . Frieren taught me a lot about how valuable time is and how to enjoy it with the people i love and cherish every single moment I have with them. . Every single aspect of this anime's animation, visual effects, and cinematography has been carefully crafted to perfection by the talented animators at Madhouse Studio. It is truly a masterpiece. . Overall, Frieren is a truly unforgettable experience that delivers an emotional impact while also providing a thoughtful exploration of profound topics.. . 10/10 I highly recommend this anime to everyone
Lets get this out of the way since everyone already know what I'm about to say, Frieren: Beyond Journey's end, is the best anime that I have seen in my entire life.. . At the age of 20 years old, I started watching anime when I was 9'ish years old, (pretty late hah) my beginning favorite anime's were things like Fairy Tail and Yamada-Kun and the 7 witches. For manga's it was Rosario vampire and also Berserk. I was all over the place. Over time I started to gravitate towards the *ISEKAI* genre, and essentially found my new favorite genre of anime.. . Gonna make this short, Frieren: ...
A beautiful light-hearted cozy feel-good romance anime with a warm atmosphere and relatable characters.. . Story 8/10. The story itself isn’t anything crazy or out of the ordinary. It’s rather simple yet beautiful which really proves a good story doesn’t always need to be extraordinary or anything special but it’s a story with a heart. It follows university student Yuki who has a hearing disability since birth and then she meets another student Itsuomi and they fall in love. I’m not sure if it’s a hundred percent accurate when it comes to representation of those with a hearing disability but for me personally I found it interesting ...
An absolute juggernaut!. Do you like anime with simple plots and predictable events? Standard characters? Move along, this one's not for you.. It should have a "mystery" tag too. It's a complex story with many twists and turns, yet it flows so naturally with amazing music, visuals and characters. The slow pace and easygoing style works perfectly. The "quiet moments" are riveting.. Don't let the low score fool you, this is a terrific show. Well worth the investment, you DO have to pay attention!. . Not really spoilers: When 5 friends in a small town/city have their summer break before their senior ...
A great fantasy tale that is original, compelling, and stands completely on its own.. . This show is character driven. Each character is given time and space to explore within the world. There are not many 1-dimensional characters here.. . The plot is original and full of enjoyment. The premise is novel and the story is handled well. It is paced slowly, but each episode is unique and contains interesting moments. This show is not action-packed. Frieren enjoys the slow moments, and does not trudge through them toward the next fight.. . Do not watch this if you are looking for a standard fantasy Shonen. It does not have the usual ...
Frieren is the anime adaptation that has done everything right. You have a detailly created world and a non-generic storyline. Each episodes are rich with good pacing. You won't feel it is rushing or time wasting. The characters are all likable. Even for those characters that appear only in one episode along the journey still leaves a strong and deep impression with their own side story. Flashbacks are made with perfection. Not too long or too short but just right and always put a smile on your face or thought provoking.. . Animation needs not to be top-notch all the way from start to finish. But ...
As one of the first of this season that I had started, I also decided to make it the first to complete. With this marking my 230th anime I've actually finished, I can say that as per usual - especially in this day and age - the basics are high quality. Music, ambience, world appearance, character designs, voice acting,.. There's two downsides only, really. The opening isn't the most catchy, which is fine.. but the pacing is a bit of a rollercoaster ride. The first 1-3 episodes were quite attention grabbing, but then it dwindled, with the last episode being another highlight point. Everything in ...
Frieren is probably the best fantasy anime. It's just beautifully written story and well written balanced characters, amazingly animated and overall well polished piece of art.. . The characters are well balanced. Frieren is really strong but she doesn't show it off like overly strong character in every other fantasy anime. Every character has their own unique story.. . Every moment in the anime is absolutely beautiful in every way and memorable. It teaches to you to appreciate the simple things in your life and cherish them.The story hits you really hard and really deep yet it's so comforting and refreshing. Frieren is just perfect, visually, musically and ...
he is most certainly solo leveling. i love the part where he solo'd all over all of the levels. best anime of the year, easy 10/10. great story, animation, and characters. there's literally nothing negative that comes to mind when i think about this show.. . i've never seen a magic system work quite like the one in this anime. it is very video-gamey, but at the same time it feels organic and well-rounded.. . sung's character growth is very satisfying and timely without being overbearing. he is a compelling character with a realistic motivation and actions that a real person would take.
Cour 1:. . Besides Frieren, Apothecary Diaries is the most hyped up new anime to air during the Fall 2023 season, and I can definitely see why the source material was received well. What makes this anime one of the best of this season has to be because of the main character in Maomao. There is so much character work for her, I don’t think there’s a single moment where I was not bored of her character in this half of the season. Maomao is funny, smart, while also having motivations and desires that add a level of grounded-ness to her, and because of this, we get ...
It has been quite some time since a new series has grabbed so much interest and hooked viewers, eagerly awaiting the next episode. Kusuriya no Hitorigoto, or The Apothecary Diaries, managed to gain a lot of traction and has easily become a favourite for many members. However, is it worth the hype and praise?. . Short Version:. The short answer is yes, very much so. The story is unique, unpredictable (in a good way) and really allows watchers to enjoy putting the puzzle pieces together while falling in love with a wide cast of characters. Many aspects are believable and felt real including relationships, situations and the answers ...
I can see a kid who born in around 70s going crazy watching but in this era of crazy anime pouring down from everywhere it is pretty below average or maybe average i guess. but when i start watching this i said to myself just reset your brain and watch it like you only watched few anime in your life. to my surprise i really enjoyed it. it's not crazy good or masterpiece or anything but it's pretty good. there is no much of a story or anything for this one but you can have a good watch at this one.(THIS IS NOT EVERYONE'S CUP ...
Apothecary Diaries is yet another attempt at making an anime around a niche profession, this time medicine. While multiple similar shows have been released in the past couple of years, this is the first time I can definitively say that they ACED IT.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 9/10. -----------------------------------------------. . Absolutely beautiful. Some of the most colourful and detailed Chinese style environments you're likely to see in anime. The animation is also well done, the everyday activities of the characters are smooth, and expressions tell entire stories.. . In addition, Apothecary Diaries has some of the BEST chibi comedy bits I've seen in anime in a long ...
If Frieren is a journey seen through many lenses and varieties of experience, then The Apothecary Diaries is a character, one who dissects her surroundings and cuts to the core of those around her.. . Maomao isn’t just a rich character in her own right (though I have a lot to say about her). She taps into the richness of other characters in the show and finds ways to bring out far more than you would expect. While not every side character gets a moment to shine, there are so many named characters with distinct personalities in this show that it’s kind of mind-boggling, and part of ...
Kusuriya no Hitorigoto is an anime with a good story and that stands out for having a great protagonist guiding the plot.. . This anime is a historical romance/drama in which we follow Maomao, an apothecary who after being kidnapped is sold to work in the cleaning services of the imperial palace, but after helping to solve a mysterious case using her knowledge as an apothecary, she is hired by a high-ranking concubine of the emperor and also ends up being called by Jinshi, an extremely handsome man shrouded in mystery, to solve problems in the palace using his knowledge and power of deduction.. . The plot is usually ...
It's weird seeing an anime that makes me not want to read the manga.. . The team for Frieren did such an amazing job, with animation, background, music, and character animation and acting that when I was reading the manga, it felt lacking. There was always something missing; I'm guessing it was the magic the anime team put into it.. . While the story is not over, the anime is such a nice entry point to the story. You'll go to the manga with a different view of the story that is unfolding on the pages.. . Everyone can enjoy the story of Frieren and many will love the characters ...
This one really surprised me, I'd been hearing it was pretty good so I decided to add it to the list of seasonal anime I'd be watching and its turned out to be what I'm sure is a standout for this year. To start Maomao herself is a really greatly written main character. She has many sides to her and they all jive with each other so well and culminate in one of the best female protagonists I've seen in an anime. While the overarching plot has been nothing extreme the way its presented and takes you through it keeps you captivated and gasping at ...
"Travel not to find yourself, but to remember who you’ve been all along.". . Set in the midst of a cold winter morning during my first-grade year, it unfolded at a one-story house. Sleeping in a pitch-black room, completely hidden under blankets. As I wriggled during slumber, I eventually woke up from the cooking racket in the kitchen, then gradually arose from the bed and sat on my knees with my eyes closed for a prolonged moment. Next, my mother called me to eat breakfast in a gentle, but direct, voice. I got up and started walking towards the shimmering light with squinted eyes. When arriving at ...
PEAK!. And to think I only started watching after seeing a 3 second long clip of the Dubbed Frieren saying "kill yourself". some of the side characters introduced in 2nd half of the show did sometimes bring the experience down by being generic anime character stereotypes and most importantly by taking precious screen-time away from the main cast, but it still wasn't enough for me to not give it that 10/10 score because of all the good that it did. This is that rear case of a show with very intriguing premise actually delivering.. I'm hoping the success of this show inspires more laid back shows with very ...
Frieren is an anime that's very pleasant to watch. I don't think Frieren has the best animation, best characters or best story but it doesn't have any major flaws either and is able to tell a calm story that you can't help but enjoy.. . Frieren's story is about an elf mage with a long lifespan going on a journey with some companions in a world where the main evil forces have been defeated. It's a pretty nice story that's told in a way that respects the viewer and doesn't feel the need to explain things that are obvious from context. The main driving force in ...
[MINOR SPOILERS]. "To live is to be remembered. You just need to change their lives, just a little bit.". Ultimately, Frieren is about living, its about the beauty of us and our relationships, the importance of memories and how others change our lives for the better. Frieren is an elf that could live for many human lifetimes, not being able to put in perspective the fragility of human life, the weight of loss and grief. She lives with this burgeoning regret that she did not understand her companions well enough, and now that they are gone, there is no way she could do anything about it. What would ...
One of the nicest romances I've watched in a while.. . Is the plot and characters unrealistic? Yep. But who cares, you're watching anime. This show hits on so many good story writing points. From the pacing, to the character interactions, everything has a very romantic yet poetic atmosphere. Yes, there are some loose plot points, and yes there are some overused tropes. But even then all of these elements mix to create such a heart squeezing story.. . I really do want to commend the author of this story. Its often hard to find good consistent motifs in anime these days. This story takes a page out of ...
Okay, but how can you not have an amazing time with this? This short music video celebrating Pokémon Day is an absolute delight! The animation is fantastic, gathering a hodgepodge of ultra talented indie animators to show of their awesome dance and anatomy animation. All the styles are great, and the choreography is delightful. You only want to see the Pokémon? Don't worry, we have all the starters from all the gens, and they're all doing adorable dances too (we see you Fuecoco, you did a great job)! The song is fun, upbeat, sugary sweet, and makes you want to dance.. . What more can you ...
So first off I would like to start with this: Rin was literally me. Whenever I saw Rin do something, I would think to myself. If I were in her position, I would do the same exact thing. This show has captured my essence even without knowing who I am. To me, this is an indication that the creator of this show is a genius as he knows what average people like me think like. He might be a bigger genius than even the legendary Yams. 10/10 would watch again.. . Yes, I'm familiar with "Isekai Cheat Magician." It's a Japanese light novel series written by Takeru ...
This anime was so relaxing to watch. I've been searching for a fantasy like that for a long time.. It is slow, calming and comforting. There isn't really any plot twists or huge exciting fights.. It's just about the characters working, progressing and living in general. But not in a boring, monotone way. Somehow it manages to make it interesting and worth to watch.. . I adored Rentt and Lorraine's dynamic. At first I was really scared it's gonna take a dark turn and become a harem anime, but it didn't and I'm so unbelievably greatful for that. Their relationship feels so mature and respectful and I'm ...
Apothecary Diaries stands out as a enchanting gem that not only excels in multiple aspects but also captivates you by its nature... 💎. . • The art direction and animation of Apothecary Diaries is nothing short of stunning with it's honestly breathtaking attention to detail in any and every character design, from their attire to how they act, be it a lowly servant or a high ranking noble; you can always distinguish them just from these few traits alone.. • Music (ost) is also a true standout, perfectly complimenting each and every scene of the series and immersing the viewer into each one of its narratives. 🎼 <-- ...
I think this series has some legitimately great elements. Yuki is an absolutely loveable lead and her experience as someone who is deaf makes the series, as does the incredible watercolor palette that washes over the series in its emotional moments. This series literally thrives on her joy and I was here for it every moment it played out on screen. I was also invested in her trepidation and the various difficulties she faced interacting with a world that is just not built for someone who has to read lips to get by. It’s great to see a narrative about a character like this that ...
I read some reviews and y'all can you stop yapping? Like fr stop fucking coment if you don't like this type of anime, wtf are you doing here, and secondly NO ONE ASKED FOR YOUR OPINION, SL is the first manhwa hwo had this type of story, hwo was popular, so stfu and go read "My first gf was a gall" type shit.. . I think this is one of the best anime/manhwa hwo someone can watch/read.. I higly recommend it.. . Good characters developing, Sun Jin Woo beeing badass and all the side characters have their roles.. . The art and animation is fantastic, it could be better, but it's good, ...
Hooked me from the opening, the plot is nothing i would call a masterpiece as it is for the most part episodically with a few multi episode arcs, but what kept me watching was the animation that flowed so well from comedic to dramatic beautifully.. . The characters themselves are the ones that made me fall in love with this anime, the main character maomao, intrigued me from the start, instead of self righteous or damsel like stereotype she felt like an actual person, an intelligent person but still a person, her main goal is not some grandiose quest to reach the top or anything like that ...
Who dosent like dimentiontravling? I do, and if you do or not, i would still recommand watching this one!!!. . Story is Nice and interesting,. And when you think you understand and figurer everything out of the story they strikes you down with the biggest plottwist at the end.. . With love, fighting, magic, Sword this movie has IT all!. . Some things i find a little weird and dissapointing is the power of the Princess. Like, where Did IT go ? Or was is not supposed to be represented more powerfull?. . The way they created this is some part drawn some part computer animted but with a Nice combo. ...
This is one of the rare shows that made me think that its better in adaptation then written, perfectly done with everything down to even voice acting.. At the start its kind of slow because they are getting you into the story, but it doesnt dissapoint afterwards.. Story is really unique and you get to know the characters really well, kind of slow at the start but the pacing is very good when it gets going.. Art style is gorgeous and it fits the story perfectly.. Fight scenes were incredible and really well done with the animations, not too much just perfect.. Characters were done really well, so well ...
Absolutely recommended.. It starts a little slow, but it's all worth it.. It's tense, it's dark, it's satisfying.. It gives you much to think about when you are not watching it.. The story is unique, the art style is a little different than other animes I was used to but fitting of the story.. The characters were well rounded, even though they were just young children, everything made sense.. I do think others will enjoy the series, however it is not for the faint of heart.. It will tug on your heart strings.. It may make you cry. But that's no reason to not enjoy a ride such as this.
I loved this anime so here are my thoughts,. . 1) Story - The thing I love about Journey's end is the main focus is on developing the characters each episode and building up their stories through setting and backstory rather than trying to capture its audience through the sole use of action. The effect this creates is one where the average episode is a relaxing-easy watch, with often sentimental and melancholic undertones that eventually builds up to a few scenes where we do get some combat or high-tension scenes that doesn't feel forced on the viewer but natural to the show. . 2) Combat - The combat scenes ...
💖✨ I'm here for all the magic this masterpiece brings into our lives! The flow of each episode, the manga's faithful adaptation, the voice acting, character growth, storyline twists, and the emotions that tug at your heartstrings... it's like a symphony of tiny details coming together to create something truly enchanting.. . 💖✨ I never imagined an anime could be this mesmerizing!. . Story / Characters 10. . The story unfolds in a mystical land inspired by ancient China, brimming with secrets waiting to be unraveled. Picture a tale set in the 15th century, where the attire of its women mirrors that of our captivating series. Our heroine, a young apothecary ...
If you don't like slow/slice of life anime this isn't for you. Started watching this during a hard time in my life and it really helped me out. The animation is great and the fight scenes are incredible. Definitely a slow burn but this is a show you watch to see character growth. The premise of starting the show after most would end is really incredible and it handles the idea of immorality well. The negative comments are mostly from people who only watch Shonen, so if you are looking for an action-packed hero's journey type of show you may not like this.. . Overall, ...
A very wholesome movie about a very shy introverted boy and a not so why outtroverted girl with low self esteem.. He expresses himself through poems and haiku, and she is a streamer Who is a little bit more straight forward yet not so satified of how whe looks..her streamer name is smily, which is a little ironic yet iconic in this movie. They crashes into each other and switches Phone by accident, and the story begins.. . Its a intereting movie i actually would recommand IT. Its not too romantic yet not too dramatic, but its still lovely.. . Now go and watch IT before ...
This anime was a pleasant surprise right from the start. The cases presented, especially with Maomao and Jinshi, were really well done. Jinshi's playful side added a nice touch to the series. The way they showed the courtesans was respectful and interesting. The connection between Jinshi and Maomao kept me interested throughout. The side characters in this anime were a perfect addition to the story. Each one added depth and flavor to the overall narrative, blending seamlessly with the main characters. From the courtesans to other supporting roles, they all contributed to making the world feel rich and vibrant. It's rare to find such well-developed ...
Humans are frail creatures. Never escaping their final fate, and yet always clinging to their lives and loved ones when the time comes. Maybe it's the brevity of existence is what makes us so eager to leave something unforgettable in this world. A legacy, whether artistically or scientific, will always be one of the most desired goals of mankind. But why leave a legacy if, after leaving this world, nothing else will matter? Humans are indeed frail creatures, aiming for a goal they won't witness. And still so passionate about it.. . Sousou no Frieren is a story about humans. About how their names can still ...
It's one of the best story I watched on media. Truly magnificent story telling with no absurd scenes no harem no ecchi no overpowered main character whom no one can beat. It's story of it's on kind I never experienced a fantasy anime to be this different. Art style make this more amazing with Yoasabi music this one is one of the kind anime.. . Story is unexpectedly unpredictable you don't know what will happen or what Frieren is thinking. Every character in story is well written with perfect job and screentime for each characters that makes every story and episode complete.. . There is one thing I liked ...
This anime right here is a feast in terms of storytelling, drama, fun shenanigans, you name it-- it has it all.. . From the very start, Apothecary Diaries grips you with an interesting cast of characters. Maomao, an eccentric apothecary who gets abducted into the role of a maid forced to pay off a debt for freedom. She keeps her head down and plans to silently get through her term without bringing focus to herself. But she just can't help poking her head into mysteries that only she has a knack for solving... leading her into meeting Jinshi, the head eunuch in charge of the inner palace ...
Supremely Wholesome. Story: 7/10 B-. Animation/Art: 8/10 B-. Sound: 6/10 C. Characters: 8/10 B+. Acting(Subbed): 7/10 B. Enjoyment: 7/10 B. Overall: 7/10 B. . TLDR:. This anime is very wholesome and heartwarming. While I don't think it has any special quality that can be called a masterpiece it certainly has many strong points and overall as a show has very little especially wrong with it. The story is simple but isn't the main focus. The main focus is on the relationship between the characters and the growth of Frieren as she begins to understand emotion better. In the character department this show is undoubtedly excellent, each one has well defined motivations, is understandable, and is ...
Some times, It is not about delivering a New experiences or storyline, but How you do It, and thats where this story excel at. It brings nothing New, with city boy Meeting country girl after moving, in a Very bucolistic approach seen in many other animes.. . Present a small but Very charming set of characters, MC deles into a Very light and chilli slice of life kinda Roncon.. . The fact that this anime doesnt try hard throwing the girls at each other to compete for the MC and Focus on their relationships in a Very light way combined with the touristic aspects of each Episode ...
This series is totally a masterpiece although I don't enjoy watching anime with sad or depressing situations but I stick with this one. The message they portrait is one hell of a wake up call if you understand the gist of it. This anime motivated me to work hard and keep my body healthy I genuinely felt sorry for my own cells like I just took it for granted that this is my body but the truth is a lot of living organisms makes it possible for me to enjoy life but we easily forget about this and engulf ourselves in drugs and alcohol which ...
Isekai is one of those genres that I love no matter how bad it is. While I don’t watch harem isekai since those are just a young teenage boys wet dream, I do watch anything isekai. All that to say I’ve seen and read ALOT.. . This one is a cut above the rest. Does it still have your cliche isekai troops and story pacing? Absolutely yes. Is the plot cutting edge? No it’s your classic demons vs humans. But what makes it refreshing is how Usato uses healing magic. I wouldn’t even begin to be that creative with healing magic. That alone makes it an enjoyable ...
Superlatives:. It's identifiably anime in both medium (obviously) and how playful it is - the main character sprouts cat ears. This is not a gritty drama. But it is genuinely excellent. Recency bias is probably talking here, but I can't remember an anime quite this good. Due to a lot of its tropes and vices, even otherwise really well-written anime have aged badly and are rightly are not polite discussion topics today. I don't see that happening with this one. Of widely-distributed anime, this is one of the most nuanced, well-written I've seen.. . Good:. -Storytelling fundamentals. -Sober handling of its subject matter. . Mixed:. -Characterization. . ...
Plot: (10/10). Its the only anime were the slow pacing improves the story immensely, it helps expand the world, have more character interactions, explore magic more while slowly leading to frieren's goal (not going to spoil it). The flashbacks are all great, it shows frieren interacting with the party of heroes (usually relevant interactions with the plot of the episode).. . Animation: (10/10). its flawless. . Characters: (10/10). Frieren is has by far one of the greatest female casts in all of anime (this and kingdom are top 2), it has frieren who is a very good protagonist, fern a good side-kick (she is frieren's robin), the girls i forgot the names ...
Type the name of your most despised adversary into a search box of a website that only appears at midnight--sharp--and condemn that person straight to Hell. No passing go, no $200 USD collection, no get-out-of-purgatory-free cards. This sounds marvelous, like a dream come true and a business model that would easily overtake Amazon, SpaceX, and Facebook combined, if not for one tiny caveat in the fine-print of this arrangement: by consigning your grievance's soul to Hell for eternity, you are also committing your own to Hell after you experience a natural death. Curses come home to roost after all, or so I've heard.. . Hell Girl is ...
The plot is nonexistent, and while there's a bit of a back story to the main character, it doesn't really explain much. But I think the anime is not really about the plot.. . Too many things going on with the anime that it really does feel that there's no story here whatsoever. Kind of like pieces of stories of different isekai anime randomly put together. It's a very fun mess. I cringed, but I had fun. This is more cringe than Eminence in Shadow, to be honest.. . All in all, don't take this anime too seriously and you'll be fine. This is the type of anime where ...
Honestly, when they announced this anime it flew under my radar. I would never have imagined that it would be one of the best anime I've watched in a long time.. . It's even difficult to go into details about why this anime is so good, since its greatest quality is the experience of spending time with the characters. Technically, this anime is very well done, truly a visual masterpiece, but it is also not one of the most demanded in this regard, however, when needed, the staff was extremely competent. The flagship here is the narrative surrounded by mysteries that is masterfully done (the author and ...
An apothecary that ends up working at the emperor's palace, forced to help with the daily duties while keeping her love for medicine and poisons in check.. . In The Apothecary Diaries do we follow Maomao, who ends up working at the emperor's palace as a servant. She slowly starts climbing the ranks and gaining more freedom in her job. As she works she also starts meeting new people and being recognized for her abilities, which makes people start using her knowledge as an apothecary.. . The plot is very much based around the drama and problems that come from life in the emperor's palace, this includes power struggles, ...
Sousou no Frieren is an anime that doesn't need action to tell such a compelling story with extremely well-developed, realistic characters each with distinct personalities, ideologies, and entertaining interactions with others while still retaining relevant themes present throughout the series. Despite that, it employs wondrous animation in epic fight scenes equally well paired with enchanting music that truly brings you into such a world of magic. Each episode tells a tale of a small part of their journey yet they are all necessary in telling a meaningful story. They enhance what we already know and will come to know about Frieren, her thoughts, and her ...
Honestly, you know exactly what you are looking for in these kind of animes that dont take themselves too seriously. It is all about the cheesiness, beautiful girls, Risqué scenes.. . This anime provides all of this whilst not exerting the samey MC loser trope. He is typical but also hás some growth throughout hte anime, and Thankfully not a pervert 24/7 or stuck UP. Just an easy going mc. And within his role, I dont find think boring or irritating. All the girls also evolve somewhat during the 12 eps. It is enjoyable! Cheesy but enjoyable. The only downside is some scenes being Very undetailed.. . I dont ...
The basic plot of this show is what would it be like to live in a fantasy setting like Lord of the Rings long after Sauron is defeated, and in this show, it's from the perspective of an elf who will live for millenniums. Her view of time is elongated and she does not have the same concerns with time as humans do. She's patient and can be lost in her world of finding rare spells, but finds new purpose in trying to enjoy her time with the people she has with her. The last episode summarizes these ideas well as the journey with all ...
“A sign of affection” really transported me into this world of gentleness, love and kindness.. Usually I'm not a customer of this type of "romance" anime, but Yubisaki was able to make me appreciate it and not just a little.. The characters are all really touching and endearing.. . Each episode I spend with a smile on my face (which very rarely happens with other work).. The humor is very well delivered.. . The anime is beautiful, the colors are magnificent and the music in the romantic scenes is a delight for the ears.. Yuki (the protagonist) is really too cute.. . The choice of a deaf character is a very good point on the ...
"The Apothecary Diaries" or "Kusuriya no Hitorigoto", an anime that pleasantly surprised me and, in my opinion, ranks among the best anime of 2023/2024. The anime is set in imperial China and tells the story of Maomao, who was kidnapped and taken to the emperor's palace. From there, we begin to learn more about her personality and traits, along with the unfolding of the story, revealing an intricate web of interconnected events and mysteries.. . Technical Aspects:. . Plot = 9.8/10. . In my view, the anime presented no flaws in the plot. The way events connect and some mysteries are gradually unraveled shows meticulous and insightful writing. It's been a ...
Personally one of my favorite Anime's of all time. An absolute masterpiece in my eyes. Very few shows can gain that sort of respect from me but this one checks all the boxes, and its a show I recommend to nearly anyone because its quite different from other anime's and stands out but is still absolutely amazing, this is a must watch for anyone who watches Isekai even if you haven't it's still amazing.. . The style alone of this show is on par with all the best shows you've seen and is a newer style of a show and it starts off with a bang ...
The unwanted undead adventurer (what a name) is a pretty chill show, and despite its shortcomings, its something that anyone can enjoy because of its writing and character representation.. . Animation:. Certainly not the best animation around or of the season, but it certainly does the job. For what its worth, its pretty fancy when the fighting gets exciting, but in general its pretty fitting of the show. There are some hiccups every now and then, but they aren't that bad and are negligible at best.. . Visuals:. the scenery is pretty nice in all of the places Rentt goes through, even if some are mundane ...
A Sign of Affection is cute and wholesome shoujo anime. There's isn't a lot to delve into other than this is a very cozy romance story that really likes to take its time to flesh out its characters. I really like how this show isn't afraid to slow down and just have us spend time with the characters, giving them necessary depth in order to not only make us care about their everyday lives, but also the relationships they form throughout the course of this series. The art style also does a great job adding much needed characterization to those whose depth can't really be ...
"To continue moving forward, remembering the pain and the weight.... Isn't that how lost things remain?". . ...
So, I came here knowing what to expect since I've been an avid fan of the manga since its release. And to be honest? This is one of rare moments where I can proudly say that it really outdid my high expectations for the show.. . Frieren's manga is already one of my top faves ever since, and it is there for a reason. I've always loved slice of life and comedy genre, so when I read Frieren, the chill, heartwarming wholesomeness with occasional hype really captured my interest. It became one of my reading pleasures not long before I started. And then came the anime announcement. ...
Kusuriya no Hitorigoto is hands down one of the best anime I’ve ever seen. Boasting some of the most gorgeous character designs and visuals, as well as masterful direction. But that’s not what makes this show great. Its characters, mystery, historical setting, down to earth story and pharmaceutical aspects make it one of a kind. It’s a perfect example of simplicity being the ultimate sophistication and is rightfully highly regarded.. . At the end of the day, Kusuriya is very much a slow burn historical mystery anime with a lot funny character interactions. It starts slow with Maomao being thrown into life in the palace initially against ...
Here we have a beautiful anime, one that warms the heart.. . Yubisaki to Renren is a precious and essential anime that addresses a romance between two very peculiar characters that captivates you from their first interactions.. The romance here is well developed as the episodes go by, without any disagreements or confusion that I only dislike in this type of anime. Everything here is direct, transparent and transparent for those who are watching and that really won me over.. . It's not the pinnacle of technical quality, but it doesn't need to be, it just needed to do well the main point of this anime, the romantic interactions of ...
Pon no Michi, a typical CGDCT 1 cour show. Being someone who doesn't normally watch this genre, I found myself wholeheartedly enjoying it more than some of the bigger titles this season.. . It's not everyone's cup of tea, or even close to it, but at the same time, it's lighthearted and enjoyable. There have been some reviews complaining about how most of the girls have similar personalities, but it's a 1 cour show (12 episodes), and that doesn't leave much time for background or much development. The characters are likable despite their lack of development (besides them all becoming friends), ...
Having grown up in a household filled with family that loved Chinese period dramas, they were virtually inescapable for me. Someone in my family was always watching the hottest new period drama, and eventually, I also began to watch them with my family, and I got hooked on them quickly. At this point, the tropes in those shows were all too familiar to me, so count me surprised when I watched *The Apothecary Diaries*, and almost immediately thought of what a breath of fresh air this was. It has probably the best female character of 2023, and while it definitely was overshadowed by a certain ...
The Apothecary Diaries - A masterclass at how to do a mystery-drama series, yet sprinkle in some tough thematics and establish a hidden ship within the midst.. . If you'd told me 6 months ago that novelist Natsu Hyuuga's Kusuriya no Hitorigoto a.k.a The Apothecary Diaries, would, like the hype that came from Sousou no Frieren a.k.a Frieren: Beyond Journey's End, come to be a strong AOTS contender, I would have chuckled it off to think that a series based on a fictional country in Imperial China during the Tang Dynasty, would be a good show and nothing more. But nope, this 2011 Syosetu work-turned-2014 LN series ...
I'll try to keep this short. This anime is the most basic shoujo romance ever, and I LOVE IT. They might as well throw in the iyashikei tag.. The male lead isn't an abusive, emotionally stunted, mopey indecisive fucktard; the female lead isnt a naive, happy go lucky idiot who cries every few episodes, and has the mental capacity of a grape. There is no drama, no misunderstandings, no useless filler, no desperate attempts to squeeze out a few more episodes without any development. This aint the usual romance we are used to seeing, where it takes 2 seasons, a dozen misunderstandings, a few rivals, ...
Just watch it!. . If You feel boring. It's OK. You can drop it.. . But when you grow older, just watch it again, you will understand why this anime is masterpiece.. . This is the first time I have wroten some review beside steam review, because I feel like I need to. I will keep it short.. Sousou no Frieren is diffirent from any anime I have watched for 30 years. This anime is sad, bittersweet, slow-burn but it's so real despite it's a fantasy fiction. What I love about Frieren is how the dialog is written, it is so human and smooth. There is no big drama or stupid ...
This is a peak cinematic moment for all people alike. Best of all, it can literally be found on youtube amassing over 7.4 million views. The storyline, characters are simple yet an enriching story and laugh for families with a light-hearted mood to it. Although, retrospectively as an adult I believe that this is really lacking in animation quality but nonetheless to children it is a banger. Would recommend to give it a quick watch by kinda skipping scenes or 2x to experience this classic once again. Peak 2010s year of the dragon typa shit.. . I believe that character building is needed tho as a lot ...
First off, Pon no Michi, or Way of Pon, is a show that a lot of people on the first watch would be confused for, but if you stick with it to the end, it's not bad. The show itself is ummmm, obvious about mahjong, but not really. While Mahjong is the main thing about this show, it's more of a refrence that appears one or twice within each episode.. . The beginning is a little slow, with introductions for the main cast, but once Haneru (black red hair girl/ qq nino clone) joins in, the show becomes much more enjoyable and fast ...
Undead Unluck is a great battle shounen but it suffers from a beginning that displeased part of the public but mainly because it was distributed by Hulu.. . In this story we follow Izumo Fuuko, a young woman who, upon meeting Andy, discovers the existence of people who can deny a rule in the world, she is Unlucky as she denies the luck of those she touches and Andy is the Undead as he cannot die in any way. With this information, both go on a journey to free themselves from their powers and end up encountering many challenges and hidden truths of this world.. . Starting with a ...
If I've learned anything in my 20+ years of viewing anime (from the glittery Sailor Moon and scuffed knuckles of Dragonball Z), it's that there is a hidden depth and charm to a narrative which requires either multiple viewings or an attentive mind. Also, if an Asian dude with an anime channel says a manga is good and then spends about 20 minutes explaining why, it's probably really good. Probably.. . I also learned awards shows are so full of the most mainstream, low-effort content and most people won't bother engaging with something if it doesn't jingle keys in front of their face every fives seconds. ...
Wow. Simply Extraordinary. The magnificent world created by Yoichi Takahashi has yet again gazed our eyes. The deft, unique and world-class manga that has inspired many around the globe returns. As I opened the television, the new theme song alongside its introduction hits with a new, exhilarating yet nostalgic feeling. The storyline, constructed by Takahashi as per usual and expected was sublime, engaging the audience with the use of various different anecdotes and backstories as Tsubasa and his teammates faces a new challenge. Characters that had appeared in season 1 was well-developed, such as Hygua, Wakabayashi and Masaki. Taking Hygua as an example, his personality ...
Sousou no Frieren is an anime that is an anime worthy of the praise and rating that it's getting, but read the synopsis and watch the anime. You will get the feeling of how this anime got soo much love and affection, in an environment where most people are looking for a fast-paced, to-the-point storyline, and action in every other episode.. Yet somehow, someway people have loved its approach of slowly building up the story, the charm of enjoying the journey, being able to relax and feel satisfied after watching an episode, and when the action scene arrives, being mesmerized by the sheer scale of ...
Communication is one of the most important skills we can develop in life. Being able to convey our feelings to others and truly understand where they’re coming from is crucial. That requires a mutual language, though. So when a series like Yubisaki to Renren comes around and deals with the issue of a deaf person handling every day life and going outside her comfort zone to communicate with a love interest, it’s a no brainer I’m going to be interested. While it’s not without its flaws, it’s definitely peak shoujo and does handle adult relationships well.. . Like I said, Yubiren isn’t perfect. If you’re expecting the ...
Although I started this anime on recommendation. Two years ago they recommended the manga to me and I didn't start it. Without a doubt this is an anime that will leave its mark. Since it addresses many topics that people overlook. You just have to pay attention to the story and how each moment tells us.. . If you are looking for a fantasy story about a trip and its memories and how precious each memory is and the new ones that are made along the way, it is undoubtedly an anime that will make you value things a little more.. . Frieren is a unique character that will ...
Got A, Strange Magic.. . The anime fantasy genre has taken a beating by shovelware chancers and wish-fulfilment peddlers who would often turn their half-baked video game mechanic-plagued (slavery white-washing) fantasy sandboxes into the same uninspired swill the industry has been pumping out since Sword Art Online came along and ruined everything. There are always exceptions of course, but it takes something like Frieren: Beyond Journey's End to remind us what truly incredible fantasy anime can be.. . Of course, Frieren had a head start with its story being an adaptation of the incredible manga. The Hero’s Party triumphantly returns after their victory over the Demon King and ...
The main story is about an office worker and a pet bird he bought.. Imagine if you took all fantasy tropes, put them in a blender and let it blend.. What you will get is Sasaki to Pii-Chan.. It involves multiple elements of fantasy anime.. Somehow they managed to keep it coherent and interesting and enjoyable.. If they did not take it seriously, this would have been the ultimate parody anime.. But since they do, it is a good fantasy anime.. The MC nature and back story are developed.. But there are many side characters to keep track of who will be underdeveloped.. . ...
A Sign of Affection - Romance through Sign Language, it's such a (cue the Sign for sweet) feeling of affection.. . What's the best way to show the affection of these 3 words: "I Love You"? Countless ideas have been shown time and time again about how love breaks boundaries, and one of them is not through words, but through expressions of the hands, called sign language. This is especially for people who were born deaf, and even people like them are worth loving, as stated by the closest example of which is Fumetsu no Anata e a.k.a To Your Eternity female mangaka Yoshitoki Ooima's Koe no ...
"A Sign of Affection - Love is as blind as it can be deaf. What is love? Would you like me to explain it to you? *extending my hand forward in a "like" gesture*. This simple "like" gesture also means "good.". . We all know that love comes in many different forms. Some love their extended family, some love watching anime, and some love their partner and love looking at the starry sky with them in their arms while on a date. Sometimes, talking to people on the subject of love, the question arises "can all people love"? And no, there is no acute question of asexuality ...
Fans of the anime A Silent Voice, which also explores deaf themes frequently draw comparisons between this show and it. I have to admit that these two shows are very different even though. While A Silent Voice delves into the depths of depression and the journey towards appreciating lifes beauty, A Sign of Affection focuses primarily on the experience of being deaf albeit with less thematic complexity. . A Sign of Affection stands out from the shoujo anime genre which is hard to find these days by straying from the clichés. This series adopts a novel approach by emphasizing the value of authentic communication especially through ...
This is a fantasy isekai comedy over-powered protagonist anime.. The chaos is so amazing.... This anime wastes no time on slow expositions or dragging on battles.... Characters come and go.... Viewers get value for each moment.. . There are a lot of strong forces that want to go their own way.. But they end up colliding with the Main character.. . The screenplay is great.. ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2024!. . Story (10). The story is about a woman who has an unluck skill and meets with an undead man who can't die. Later on, they have a mission to save the world by doing several missions. But there are other groups that have different goals and mindsets to kill God itself and didn't do the mission. Not only that, there is quite a plot twist on several episodes near the end which makes the story more complex.. . Art (10). The art in this anime is excellence! I love how they animate the battle scene and it looks very smooth! I ...
We're all familiar with the hero's journey, where we observe a young sword-bearing hero rise from humble beginnings, gathers a party of allies, and travels the world to defeat a great evil threatening all of humanity. They've been around since the time of Greek myths, and even now, we still get stories about heroes fighting evil across all forms of media, because that premise is instantly recognizeable. Some are done well, some are done badly. But recently, some writers decided to ask the question "What happens after the heroes defeat the great evil?" Most stories end right as the villain is defeated, but have you ...
This anime answers the question, "What happens next?". . After defeating the demon king, Frieren and her party return to their normal lives. However, for the long-lived Frieren, she perceives time differently, and as her former party-mates grow old and wither, she lives a carefree life guided by her whims.. . From the very first episode, death comes. Though it may come at the end of fulfilling life, it can be an emotional scene.. . By eschewing tired old tropes, the show subverts expectations of a fantasy story. The art as it appeared in the manga is already excellent, capable of portraying such emotional scenes on the page with lush lines. ...
Sousou no Frieren" emerges as a stellar anime adaptation that elevates its source material to new heights of engagement and comfort for viewers. MadHouse studio's execution is masterful, with sound effects, music scoring, and background tracks playing pivotal roles in enhancing the viewing experience. The anime's visual storytelling is epic, crafted with beauty and an eye for detail that can turn an ordinary tale into a heartwarming journey through the seamless blend of visuals, music, and narrative delivery.. . The series transcends the typical fantasy world narrative by not only presenting a unique story but also by inviting viewers to immerse themselves fully into its world. "Frieren" ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2024!. . Story (9). The story is about a group of school students that got teleported into another world where each people have unique abilities. But not all of them have abilities and people who have abilities make boundaries to those who don't have and leave them. One of them is still sleeping and when He woke up, He has abilities to instantly kill anything. That's where his journey becomes interesting after fighting lot of monsters and bad people.. . Art (8). The art in this anime is very good! I like how they animate battle animation and lot of effects they were ...
“Sousou no Frieren” is a tale that challenges the conventions of the fantasy genre itself by starting its narrative at a point where most similar stories end. The plot focuses on life after victory, exploring the consequences and changes that follow an epic triumph. The story unfolds through the eyes of Frieren, the elven mage, who, unlike her mortal companions, perceives the passage of time differently.. . The work addresses profound themes such as mortality, memory, and the meaning of life, presented with a sensitivity that invites to reflection. Through Frieren’s perspective, we are reminded of the briefness of human existence and the ephemeral nature of our ...
a must-watch for story-driven anime lovers. . Steins; Gate, a treasure trove for story-driven anime enthusiasts, is not for the faint-hearted. While some viewers may find the pacing challenging, it is quite the charm of the anime's build-up. The gradual unveiling of the future gadget(s) capabilities, intertwined with the butterfly effect of single decisions, is a concept that truly comes alive in this anime.. . The art style in Steins; Gate is present, but it didn't elicit a 'wow' from me. However, this is not a drawback for a story-driven anime. Using a dull colour palette may raise concerns about its longevity, but it's important to note that the ...
In a time where most anime heavily rely on shock factor and flashy scenes every episode to create buzz, this is a breath of fresh air. It's like watching keno's journey without the trauma. It's clearly a power fantasy with OP Frieren but you rarely see the extent of her power. The pacing is great. Doesn't push you forward or drag you. Never had this much fondness for any anime since I don't even remember when. I was trying to read all the bad reviews to make sense if I'm just hyping up but then I thought, what would Frieren do? Soo yeah. I won't ...
Sousou no Frieren or in its English title frieren: beyond journey end.. . Yes... as the title suggests, this anime has a plot that goes beyond the end of the journey. If you read this anime category without reading the synopsis, I'm sure you will react "how come?". Because this is what happened to me when I watched the anime without finding out what category it was in and what it was actually about?. . What I know is that this anime is popular with pro and con opinions on the internet, so I've been exposed to mild spoilers and I got a glimpse of this anime. It's a ...
The Unwanted Undead Adventurer - The underrated show with dark fantasy vibes that I yearn for in a traditional fully laden fantasy show, that I didn't know I needed until now.. . I love traditonal fantasy stories, even more without the pizzazz of full-on action that reveals a side that's not talked about much, or even featured in AniManga. Shows like novelist Kanata Yanagino's Saihate no Paladin a.k.a The Faraway Paladin, and the recent mega-hit of mangaka Kanehito Yamada and illustator Tsukasa Abe's Sousou no Frieren a.k.a Frieren: Beyond Journey's End. And now, to fill the void that left me just thirsty for more traditional fantasy, in ...
I like a few things like chained soldier, an action comedy and also the sexual part of animes like this, you might say I'm crazy about sex, no, I don't even my lust rises with these kinds of animes, think for a moment that this anime doesn't have these sexual things. . Is it possible at all? you can? Well, we assume that you have to. Well, do you think this story is still there? Only action is important???. I think the anime was very good and beautiful, but it's a pity that many of the events that happen in the manga don't happen here, and ...
This is my first ever review on MAL and it will probably be my only one.. In short, "Sousou no Frieren" is undoubtedly one of the best pieces of media I've ever experienced.. I return every week because of the brilliant use of flashbacks and time. The show's pacing is one of the best if not the best. The characters are incredibly well-written and unique. Though mostly focused on the mundane as Frieren(our protagonist who struggles with emotions and relationships) retraces the hero party's journey, the show evokes powerful emotions from its viewers. The show handles the op protagonist trope very well.. I hope you can give ...
We don't treasure people sometimes until they become memories. The show embodies this truth in a most beautiful way by not making it sad but as the stepping stone towards something even more beautiful all while bearing them in the heart and enjoying the present. A literal feast when you are fed up with life that's just work and no play. It's a fantasy but so embedded in reality that it feels like us as we experience that nostalgia.. . The mc being an elf sets well with the premise, like many others who ain't elves but idly live out without realizing that life is meant to ...
Boy this was awesome.. This anime deserves the world in what it brings to the table. While it never really made me cry tears or whatever, nor did it emotionally haunt me for months on end, there is possibly no other anime that can surpass this show in showcasing how effective anime can be in storytelling.. . To preface my review, let me ask you one question, what is the meaning of time for you, and what would you do if you had infinite amounts of it? That is the question that (at least the first part) of Frieren aims to answer. The show centres around Frieren, an ...
What do people want when they watch anime?. Some might view it for entertainment, some for escapism, some for good battles, some for philosophy or projection and some for vibrant worlds… In short the reasons are numerous but rarely does a story balances most of these aspects and creates a tale that speaks to the hearts of the viewers. However Frieren beyond journey’s end is such a tale. If there is a media piece that is the materialization of the word balance, it’s Frieren.. . . Frieren is about a journey taking place when the greatest threat of the world is subjugated with Tolkien inspired elf who goes on ...
Dang anime is actually the best harem where the mc actually gets something from girls and the harem plot is actually understable and logical.. The mc character and his development is very interesting to watch but gets boring all the way.. . If you want to enjoyable a normal harem,fantasy show this is for you. Not very complex or heartbreaking moments just enjoy without thinking much.. The girls are wifuu material. The pace is perfect not fast or slow.. Animation is pretty good.. The author is same who made akame ga kill so i hope he don't do that kind of shit in this anime specially with ...
I discovered this anime a long time ago, but only now wrote a review, before I wasn't too interested in writing reviews about anime.. . Just sharing a little experience, that this anime was quite popular in its time, especially on Facebook, there were lots of posts about Saiki, but I wasn't at all interested in watching it, the reason is very simple, because seeing the visuals of Saiki himself which looks strange and eccentric, expressionless, two alien-like horns on his head.. . However, because I was looking for a comedy themed anime, finally this anime was on my watch list, and Wow, it turns out this anime ...
Sousou no Frieren shatters the mold of typical fantasy anime. It transcends the usual tropes of epic battles and grand quests to deliver a sad and introspective narrative. Stepping beyond the expected hero's journey, it paints a melancholic yet hopeful portrait of a life grappling with the weight of immortality.. . Story: 10/10. The narrative follows Frieren, an elf with a lifespan stretching far beyond that of humans. Decades after a victorious war against the Demon King, she embarks on a quest to defeat the demon king alongside her former comrades and return victorious. Yet, the victory feels hollow as she realizes the impermanence of human life and ...
*Begin in the future*. . ~~. . Modern animation for a story almost 40 years old already, and a prequel at that. One can't help but be in awe at the longevity seemingly exhaustless for the Gundam franchise. I get spawning shows casting different characters from different timelines or Sides, or another sort of universe if there are (I wouldn't put it past them) across the years due to the inherent expanse of the series, but revisiting the origins from such a long time ago and amassing more important details so as to increase its breadth is quite simply a power move. A fresh new look for the ancestral ...
I am usually not a person that was very interested in high-fantasy stories, but this one was different. The pacing of the show never felt off, even when they would spend months in one location and only a few days in another. It has a perfect blend of action, slow moments, and comedy, which makes characters shine in their unique ways. I related to Frieren especially, because of how emotionally distant she was, and despite that, she still has people who care about her a lot, and she cares about them just as equally, albeit in ways that some may not understand. If you are ...
Side Quests: The Anime. . Frieren is a masterpiece from start to finish, it hooks you from the very first episode with absolutely stellar animation and one of the greatest anime soundtracks of the year, and absolutely does not let go until the final episode.. . Thematically, Frieren is a simple anime: cherishing the simple yet profound things in life. It does not introduce ambitious plot elements nor does it stray from is message. Frieren dedicates all 28 episodes, most which have a pacing so slow most Shounen action fans would have nodded off by the time the opening ended, to highlight this.. . Why then? Does Frieren have a 9.35 ...
Cour 1:. . With the hundreds of battle shonen anime airing this season, Undead Unluck stands out amongst the crowd. This is mainly due to the fact that the anime does a great job balancing out all of the crazy action typically found in this demographic of entertainment with some meaningful character work and plot progression. To be honest, that’s what makes Undead Unluck a great battle shonen series, as everyone, even some minor side characters, have a lot going for them and are given ample screentime to make us care about their struggles. However, the heart and soul of this series comes down to the two ...
I want to start by saying that I think Sousou no Frieren is very underrated.. . I think it's an extremely well-made anime, exuberant quality and I'm particularly happy with it because it denotes the return of quality from one of the most legendary studios, the great MadHouse.. . But I think there was hysteria in the fandom of this anime and I don't know how to explain why. Of course, it's an incredible anime and will definitely make an epoch, but I don't think it's an anime worthy of being on the same shelf as icons like FullMetal Alchemist, Hunter X Hunter and others that participate in MAL's ...
The title "Beyond Journey's End" does sound appealing, doesn't it? While I typically oppose altering the literal meaning of Japanese titles during translation, in this case, I make an exception. "Beyond Journey's End" more effectively conveys the essence of "Sousou no Frieren" manga/anime than "Frieren at the Funeral" does.. . The title indeed suggests that the anime serves as an ‘After Story’ for a particular journey of Frieren, the story’s protagonist. It’s important to note that Frieren is an elf who does not age physically and possesses a unique perspective on time, relationships, and interactions, differing from humans. These two pivotal aspects form the foundation of the ...
heyheyheyheyheyhey - "The Unwanted Undead Adventurer" convinced me more than I had feared! After it was recommended to me several times by people who have very different tastes to me, I wasn't expecting much.. . "The Unwanted Undead Adventurer" is about the adventurer Rentt, an experienced adventurer who has never been able to reach a particularly high rank. One day, he discovers a new passage in a dungeon and hopes to finally climb the ranks or become rich - but because of this, he becomes careless and dies. Shortly afterwards, however, he wakes up again as an undead, while his former acquaintances are immensely worried about him.... . I ...
Good show. I get people don’t like the slow burn or the lack of explanation behind the races, classes and history of the world but I think it’s really not required for the story that is being presented. It’s the mystery of the world that gives this show its charm and the fact that people want more action and info dumping within it baffles me. I would recommend this show over most other fantasy shows for the simple fact that’s it’s somewhat grounded by comparison. Yes Frieren is OP but it’s just because she’s been around as long as she has….
A masterpiece that perfects every possible iteration of ambience. You fall in love with the characters, the story and the world, and it is all heavily complimented by the music, animation and pacing. A slice of life fantasy that has a slow pace that you find yourself welcoming every episode, just to obfuscate it's ability to produce incredible fights and action sequences. You find yourself addicted to the 'side quests' and slow pacing, but excited for the next opportunity for this anime to ostentatiously display a masterful encounter between two well developed characters.. . This genre is not for everyone, and I think that is the only ...
"Memory is the only weapon we have against death." - Milan Kundera, Czech writer.. . Frieren is an elf who was part of the group of heroes that defeated the Demon King. After the end of years of battle, the group disbanded and each returned to their home, but time passes differently for the elves, and little by little Frieren saw his companions die of old age. However, along the way, she encounters diverse characters, each with their own stories and perspectives on life. Through these interactions, Frieren begins to understand human feelings, something she regrets not enjoying relationships with her former ...
This feels like the start of the new standard for a lot of anime movies. Good setup, good inclusion of the main cast, a good villain, and a big fight to cap it all off. Animation is solid, and you can notice the extra movie budget being used in some of the fights. Even if this is filler, it's worth the watch for some of the outfits the cast gets in this; absolutely dripping.. . The plot was alright, handling the usual blueprint and featuring some decent side characters for the movie. Bringing in a villain unused in the original canon was nice and was a good ...
"Even if you're not there, I know I'll be able to find it.". . Frieren: Beyond Journey's End is healing. It's acceptance. It's progress. While simple in concept it carries with it a universal message about life, time, and action. Every episode packed with subtle meaning, Frieren set out to tell a story and in doing so, told a million others with it.. . This story takes place in your basic fantasy world. With magic, dwarves, demons, elves, and all the things you come to expect when you hear the word "fantasy". The Demon King reigns over the world, and a party of heroes comes together to go on ...
If I had written a review when I started the anime, let’s say around episode 6, I would have started it writing “Frieren is a sad elf”.. . But now that I have finished the 28th and last episode of this 1st season, I changed my point of view on what Frieren is about. If grief, times passing, and learning human emotions are definitely important themes that are central to who Frieren is and to the story of the anime, my conclusion after this first season is that Frieren is before everything else a reminder that small, everyday events matter.. How a singular meeting in front of a ...
Let’s start with the most useful information for everybody. Sousou no Frieren’s first episode has a transcendent scene. It occurs near the middle and the associated OST is named “One Last Adventure.” Please enjoy it. Anime series are long. Not every anime can be made for you. At 3 minutes max, transcendent scenes are for everyone. Particularly ones that make sense out of context like this one. Music is essential in a transcendent scene. Words fall to a backdrop. Moments like this are why we watch anime.. . Footnote to the first paragraph: There is a link to a clip of the first episode’s transcendent scene in ...
When I first saw this anime air, I thought nothing of it, only to realize that it immediately gets placed in the top 20(I think an 8.93 or something like that) by the first episode. So I started watching it by the second week. And it was ok in my opinion, while watching it for the first time. I saw the ratings that people gave this show and I was like, well I guess people really like these slow anime. I wouldn't go so far as to call this boring, but a chill one. And I mean no disrespect at all by calling it slow, ...
"Tearful goodbyes aren't our style. After all, it would be embarrassing when we met again.". . Watching the credits begin to roll on the final episode was a surreal feeling, knowing this journey I'd been taken on was over (until season 2), and now it is time for reflection. Where to begin? From beginning to end, this has been a great anime, and I would say it has the potential to become one of the greats if future seasons can maintain this quality.. . Frieren: Beyond Journey's End begins at a point where most shows have already ended. The big evil is gone, the heroes have returned home, and ...
Cour 1:. . This anime is so perfect for me. What I appreciate the most about Frieren: Beyond Journey’s End is that it’s authentic; this anime isn’t trying to insert many tropes found in many of the genres and categories it finds itself in. Despite being a shonen, Frieren isn’t your typical action anime, nor is it your typical fantasy anime. Instead of having a story filled with over-the-top and grandiose fight sequences, the story is slow, depressing, and sad. Instead of following our heroes on their journey to defeat the Demon King, the story here is set after the typical fantasy adventure, and is in fact ...
Having just finished watching my first Lupin series, Lupin the Third Part 4, I was intrigued to watch more. Coincidentally, I discovered that one of my favorite directors, Hayao Miyazaki, directed his first feature film as a Lupin movie. I instantly had to check it out, and I was not disappointed. It has a different feel from the series I had watched, and rightfully so, as it was released over three decades apart. Yet, it still retains all the DNA of Lupin. Miyazaki gives this movie a much calmer demeanor, with some scenes feeling as if they're out of a fairy tale. The animation in ...
This is my first introduction into Lupin and I quite enjoyed it. Even having not seen any previous parts it was very easy to get into and figuring out the character dynamics. It follows a very set formula and it works very well and seems like it has been doing so for decades. While I don't think the story was anything too crazy it was more so the characters themselves that kept me invested rather than the overarching plotline which itself was spread pretty thin through the episodes. The animation in this pops and feels very fresh with a couple standout scenes coming out of ...
It’s the classic, if you read the source material then you hate the anime and if haven’t read it, then you love the anime. Let the anime cook.. . The animation breathes life into some classic scenes you see in the manhwa and I think the foreshadowing of future events keeps me engaged. Currently the characters don’t feel very well rounded but the story and animation make up for it my opinion.. . Yes I know the game system is overplayed but I appreciate Solo Levelings darker approach to it. An MC not afraid to kill is always refreshing and the hype watching him level up is so cool. ...
In an era of anime overpopulated by low-effort isekais and shows reliant on tropes and fanservice, Sousou no Frieren comes as not just a breath of fresh air, but a massive gust of wind that sweeps away any notions that anime can no longer produce high-quality, compelling stories. This show is a reminder of what the anime medium is capable of, and why perhaps the more critical of us viewers continue to slog through overhyped new releases in the hopes of finding those feelings of excitement and emotional connection that got us into anime in the first place. TL;DR at the end. . I'll say now that ...
This is technically a calming slice of life type action fantasy anime.. The character and surrounding people are developed well. There are fights at intervals.. The concept is familiar yet unique.. The screenplay has some depth and it keeps you interested.. Watch it when you want a chill anime.. . Adventuring and its risks are well explained.. One good part - No extremely annoying character which has now become a common trait.. This makes the anime so peaceful.. . ...
NO SPOILERS. The competition is better than a majority of animes in its pacing (its 3 episodes) they get straight into the action which is well.. not a physical altercation between competitors, rather a series of "Games", the premise is very nuanced, and will appeal to people who just want to chill and watch a short series to satify their relaxing state. The characters and the world development is quick (well what do you expect 3 episdoes lol) and you get to endevour into a journey with young kids striving to be the "strongest". WORLD DEVELOPMENT - the characters are just normal kids with insane ...
I do not make a habit of writing reviews, but this merits the exception.. . Frieren: Beyond Journey's End is quite possibly the best anime I have seen. Full stop.. . From a production and technical standpoint, the show is top-notch. The quality of its art, animation, music, and voice acting is completely beyond question. From subtle details to grand spectacles, everything simply looks and sounds beautiful. (The soundtrack by Evan Call certainly pulls its weight in this regard.) This even extends to the opening and ending songs, too.. . But that's not all. The story and character writing are what really makes the show unforgettable. For emotion, there are so ...
Right out the gate I'm gonna tell you that I absolutely adore One Piece and poor pacing is never going to change that. It is by no means a perfect anime, far from it. The manga has much better pacing but there are benefits to consuming both. For one, you can't get the beautiful animation and soundtrack out of the manga but the anime requires much more patience. Despite that, I truly believe that both reading and watching One Piece will be an incredibly fulfilling experience for anyone with the patience and determination to do so.. One Piece's world is unlike any other in scale, ...
There are so many words I could use on how Sousou no Frieren was able to make me feel, and believe me, narrowing them all down feels like I'm doing a disservice to the series because they all feel equal in the range of emotions. It's bittersweet. It's a journey. It's an experience. It's, all intents and purposes, a modern day masterpiece of emotionally charged storytelling.. . Right off the bat, Sousou no Frieren does not shy away from tackling the most poignant questions of life. What is the point of our existence? What's our purpose in life? What does it all mean in the end if ...
In a decade where the anime industry is mostly being stuffed with poorly written Isekai's or pre-made stories that somehow are well done for the average "Otaku" Frieren came up with an Interesting setting for a adventure story, that usually makes the story plain and even that it may be interresting at some point it doesn't captivate the watcher. Frieren Makes you think about the one's that you have by your side now and even if you are being your best, it's a True Masterpiece that makes you think over your life, friends, family, future and past at the same time, while having ...
Season one of Jujutsu Kaisen is a superb introduction to the series. It nails the auditory and visual elements of the series to such a degree that it is easy to overlook the actual plot and characters those components serve. The only reason to avoid this story so far is if you can't handle more grimdark settings. While this season has bleak moments, it pales in comparison to what is waiting in the later arcs.. . When I give a series a ten, it's because it does something perfectly for me. Jujutsu Kaisen is an example of perfect casting. The Japanese voice cast for this series is ...
Undead Unluck is one of the coolest action shonen that I’ve ever seen, featuring a fun cast of characters with a diverse and wide range of abilities. While it definitely plays into some traditional shonen tropes, it does more than enough to distinguish itself from its contemporaries and it’s a shame it didn’t garner more attention.. . At the core of Undead Unluck is the relationship between Andy and Fuuko, two people who have sort have been loners for a long time due to their abilities. We see them come together and bond over mutual trauma and find comfort in one another. While it starts off ...
Frieren: Beyond Journey’s End is a masterpiece in the fantasy genre, and certainly a masterpiece in anime as a whole. With each episode, Mad House breathes air into the story of Frieren with some of the most polished animation and beautiful scenery. While some anime are rushed, this one is what I could truly call a “finished product.” The art style they have chosen is something I will now remember as the Frieren art style.. . Characters move with individual subtleties and the story teaches beautiful lessons through flashbacks, as well as throughout her journey with her companions.. . I never felt for a second that fights were ...
(Spanish review below). . Even though this is supposed to be a recap movie like the ones we've had in the past, it has too many new scenes to actually call it a recap movie (at least in my opinion). At least more than half of the movie are new scenes, although these take place at the same time as the third season. They're scenes that we didn't see, but that they were happening at the same time as the other events. For example and most important of all: Rin and Ikuya.. . I don't know how long I waited for my two favorite characters to meet and it ...
(Spanish review below). . 'Take your marks' is a kind of interlude between the second season and the third. It tells us small stories that happen between the two seasons and establishes some new relationships: like the mysterious coach whose old apartment Haru will rent or a certain character that Sosuke met, among other things. I consider this movie 100% slice of life. I don't think it's necessary to watch it to understand the third season. If you are a fan of the anime, you will surely like to see it, but if you don't, nothing will happen. Personally, I really liked it and I screamed a ...
I feel so catered to.. . It feels like an eternity since I've been given such a phenomenal anime with a well thought out plot, great art and animation to accompany it, emotional thought provoking moments... more than that, it feels so mature in that it doesn't baby me with your typical anime tropes. No obnoxiously screaming kid protags, no overly ecchi scenes meant purely for fanservice, no moments where I have to groan and just deal with whatever stupidity is put before me-- Just a fun and emotional journey that is pure story and human feelings.. . I'm not going to go into too incredible detail, but if ...
I will try to keep this short.. . If you are interested in a relatively slow paced fantasy, adventure and action anime this is for you. This is the first one you should watch. The atmosphere, art, dialogue, voice, animation, story... is amazing and so unique. Please watch this.. . I don't give a lot of 10/10's. I don't write reviews on this site either, but... this anime is truly deserving of it. Perfectly adapting and capturing the feel of the manga, brilliant art direction, amazing voice casting, fluid animation... I could go on. This is *the* best anime I have watched in recent times. This ...
(Spanish review below). . While the first season focused on creating the swimming club, tacking back swimming and old friendships, this second season brings with it more reflection for each of the characters as to why they swim.. Rin, who already went through this in the first season, is the only character who seems focused (besides Rei). On the other hand, with the pressure of being a prodigy swimmer on his shoulders, Haru is forced to question why he swims and where his future is headed. Personally, I found myself crossed by these issues, although I left high school a long time ago. I don't like its resolution: ...
Disclaimer: I have read the manga so my review is based on how well the anime has adapted the original work of the manga.. . Overall adaptation: The anime has been very faithful to the original work where nothing has been left out and (in fact) more (minor) details were put into the anime probably to fill up the remaining time. The chapters in the manga are not too long and are (mostly) episodic so - similar to an anime adapting a 4-kom -) each anime episode holds (at least) two chapters worth of stories inside. However, there is a clear story progression which is seen in ...
This series does a lot of things right from the get-go. Besides featuring one of the best OPs of the 2023, it also showcases bombastic and novel fight choreography, particularly from its lead, Andy. The ways its various characters connect are particularly striking, even from the very first meeting between Andy and Fuko. And the nature of the powers of the various Negators characters are immediately investing, particularly as Fuko’s is borne out of tragedy, setting the stage for other tales of tragedy down the line as more such characters are revealed.. . Much of these strengths are enhanced and morphed as the series goes on. The ...
Sousou no Frieren is hard to recommend.. . It's employing the overused formula of an isekai/fantasy with a quircky plot subversion (the final boss is already dead) in a desperate attemmpt to somehow salvage some attention from the userbase who at this point is so bored of this constant use of this setting. Have the main character be a kudere who's only flaw is that she doesn't understand emotions. Toss in a few fast paced fight scenes with magic to keep the viewer engaged and some tropey character interactions. Oh, and to not forget the cherry on top, there is also the 1000 year old girl that ...
(Spanish review below). . 'Free' is one of my favorite animes. Of all its seasons, the first is the one that I've watched the least, because it seemed a bit basic and introductory to me. But this time, when I rewatched the entire series, I found it really fun to watch this first season again.. . It's very funny to see how dramatic the characters are, how they magnify their problems until they seem to have no solution. But it's also nice to see them in these first steps in their respective clubs, forging the friendships that I like so much in the following seasons.. . A lot of people don't ...
"Sousou no Frieren" emerges as a shining gem in the vast ocean of anime, capturing the hearts of viewers with its engaging narrative, captivating characters, and stunning visual aesthetics. This masterpiece of the fantasy genre not only entertains but also delves deeply into the complexities of the human condition, exploring themes of self-discovery, friendship, and redemption in a way that resonates deeply with the audience.. . The story follows the journey of Frieren, a young woman of mysterious origin, in her quest for identity and purpose in a world filled with challenges and dangers. Accompanied by a diverse cast of characters, each with their own motivations and ...
Do you know the feeling of watching one of your favorite shows? This feeling is exactly what Sousou no Frieren gave me.. . The story of this anime revolves around Frieren, an elf mage who was in the group of heroes who defeated the Demon King, but now she is faced with the reality that her friends will not live as long as she did and that perhaps she did not value the time they spent together. With this in mind, she embarks on a new journey with the aim of giving new meaning and better understanding the people she accompanied on the old journey, in addition ...
Sousou no Frieren is without a doubt the pinnacle of the Fantasy Adventure genre as far as leaning into Slice of Life and Drama is concerned.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 9/10. -----------------------------------------------. . Frieren takes a beautiful approach to the visuals. It is kept surprisingly simple in most aspects most of the time. Only to then grab your attention with beautifully animated and illustrated scenes where it matters most. Whether it's important facial expressions or wild expressions of fantasy magic and combat, the show knows how to look amazing when it needs to.. . It is as beautiful of an anime as I can imagine without ...
THANK FOR FRIEREN. . This is the anime of all time for me. I reading manga bofore the anime came out I thought it was a good manga but while I watching this anime. I found that myself have change how to live my life How to take my time with friend. Are you ever question you self. Are we really happy with what we are doing right now? How much time do we spend with the people we love? In closing, I would like to say that Think carefully. Because our human life time is very short.. . review 10/10 for ME review 9.5/10 for Principles calculating ...
"Do people fear of dying or are they afraid of not being remembered?". . Let me start-off with a question that I might just heard someone said before but don't know actually from whom. Considering this anime heavily tackles death and having to suffer the consequences of having an almost eternal life, I might really come to an understanding of what I fear the most within the two.. . Let me just also begin by saying that is my first time writing a review here at MyAnimeList even though I've been here years now and already watched like just 300+ titles. Well, I thought that it was just only ...
Top-notch story telling + Amazingly well constructed characters + Great visuals + A smooth flowing episodic story leading into a bigger central narrative = An Undeniable Masterpiece.. . At this point, everyone who has watched Frieren knows how well the story flows. The way it keeps itself on topic with an interesting plot each episode is a testament to how well done this story is done. Nothing that you watch here ever feels like you're drudging through the episode to complete it, as such it ends up making that 20 minutes each episode, feel like 10.. . The characters have an amazing dichotomy where they all have weaknesses where ...
"Friern Beyond Journey's End" isn't just an anime; it's a serene escape into a world of tranquility and introspection. Amidst the breathtaking landscapes and tranquil settings, the characters undergo profound growth and development. Each character's journey is meticulously crafted, exploring their inner struggles and strengths with a depth rarely seen in anime. Whether it's the protagonist's journey of self-discovery or the supporting characters' quests for redemption, every moment feels genuine and poignant. The calm and peaceful atmosphere of the series provides the perfect backdrop for these character arcs to unfold, allowing viewers to fully immerse themselves in the emotional depth of the story. It's a ...
Sousou no Frieren, the show that broke all expectations and took the spotlight, rightfully so.. There is a plethora of reasons why this show is so good:. 1. The music and cinematography. Any show can have good animation but lack cinematography. Every scene of frieren feels so cinematic, and the music alleviates the scene to the next level. Every scene of this show feels meaningful.. 2. This show has calm peaceful and relaxing adventures and action scenes that will have you on the edge of your seat. The animation is so well detailed and polished. The actions scenes look unbelievably well, better than some action anime.. 3. The story ...
The first thing to clarify about this anime is that the databases have their information a bit wrong, there are technically three episodes but they are not 30 minutes long. In 1995 a 95 minute movie was released, covering all those 30 minutes you see there, and in 1997 and 1998 two sequel OVAS came out, each one being an hour long. So the episode count is right, but the duration of each and the total in your account if you add it as complete is not.. . The second thing to clarify is how hard it is to even find it, the movie can be watched ...
*This review will be in English and Spanish.. *This is an adaptation so I’ll not talk about plot quality or characteristics. That talk belongs to the source material.. *My critique’s criteria is based on the understanding of what the production is trying to accomplish and how well it actually does it.. . So, what’s this anime trying to be? A Laid-back-ish high fantasy story with a focus on human virtues and vices, emotions and relationships –both interpersonal and with the own self- through the passage of time, which is enough for it to have a special place in the genre. That basically is, and it does it superbly well ...
I have nothing to type here because I have so much to type. I have to type more to be able to publish this review, though. This is one of those anime that you go in blind for and rewatch again later. The atmosphere is the freshest breath of air and I'll probably want to breathe it again quite a bit. I love the way it just throws things at you briefly and without words, and trusts you to understand its little messages.. . . . I'll just paste chatsonic's review here to cover the word count.. Just let me drop off the 10/10 and continue processing it mentally.. . . ("Frieren" likely ...
I think it's rather evident that nowadays there's more than just abundance of fantasy works which makes it all the more difficult to write one where the premise of the story feels unique and distinctive enough to not feel just like another copy of a previously existing work. To me that's Sousou no Frieren; in fact, it's much more than that, Frieren is an exceptional outlier in its field that has managed "re-lit a flame of my nearly extinguished candle" and truly save what felt like an ever repeating genre.. . • I genuinely believe that this series excels in pretty much every department; be it the ...
Frieren is easily one of the most beautiful pieces of art I've ever had the pleasure of consuming. The very first thing you will notice and fall in love with is the artwork. It might not very obvious, but just wait until you see a closeup of Frieren's eyes. Often, these shots are cooler than some of the fight scenes. It's a very visually stunning anime that demands you not miss a second of this magnificent animation. The second thing you will fall in love with is the story, and the firm grip it will have on your heart. Especially when you first start the ...
Perfect show, I don't say that a lot, especially having this is my first review in MAL, just shows to me that this anime really goes way beyond. With the right expectation, you'll really find yourself enjoying the show. Having equally both violet evergarden and one piece as my fav anime OAT, just real-time being dethroned by this great of a gem, I happily and joyfully say, FRIEREN FRIDAYS will probably be one of the memorable moments my life. Like gigguk said, this anime changed me, for the better!. . Now as for the story, it's unique, it's apparently my first, in any entertainment media, to ...
There are lots of reasons one might fall in love with this series. It has one of the best designed casts of characters I’ve seen in a long time, a top tier score, impressive animation that manages to be extremely cute and funny in its quieter moments, is cranked up to 11 in its fight scenes, and is handles emotionally evocative moments so well, a narrative that never seems to drag, and an incorporation of backstory that feels organic and meaningful to the story. Doing all those this well would elevate any series.. . But if I had to say what makes this stand out for me, ...
Frieren starts off where journeys rarely begin - at the end of another hero's story. Given this unique premise, my expectations for the series were not high, yet it delivered, rather over delivered, a staggering symphony of superb animation, nuanced character development, and immersive world-building.. . While other reviewers have eloquently highlighted various aspects they adored about the show, of which there are many, what stood out for me was its remarkable pacing. Despite the 'slow' pace (which i think mirrors the gradual aging of the titular character) Frieren manages to captivate viewers by consistently hitting the right emotional notes. Each moment feels purposeful, with none overstaying ...
What does a tale with the main protagonist being a nigh-immortal elf girl has to tell to normal humans?. . It is simply a story to remind people of everything truly valuable in life, and it does so in a way that captivates you from the very beginning.. . If you let it, this anime will take you on a journey that will make you glad to be alive. From valuing the simple and mundane parts of everyday life, to reminding you both the cruelty and beauty that the passage of time offers. In this way, it’s very Ghibli-esque. It also includes incredibly fitting and beautiful music and sound ...
"Frieren: Beyond Journeys End" is a captivating anime that seamlessly blends humor, sadness, and stunning animation to deliver a truly memorable experience. From start to finish, I found myself thoroughly engrossed in the story and characters.. . One of the aspects that stood out to me the most was the balance between comedy and poignant moments. The anime masterfully weaves together lighthearted humor with heart-wrenching scenes, creating a rollercoaster of emotions that kept me hooked throughout. Whether it was the witty banter between characters or the touching reflections on life and loss, "Frieren" never failed to evoke a range of feelings.. . Furthermore, the animation in "Frieren" is simply ...
Frieren: Beyond Journey's End has concluded and the biggest accolade I've seen attributed it that, not only has Frieren revived the fantasy genre, reinvigorated Madhouse's position, but most notably, that it is an anime free of tropes/clichés — but the last point isn't reflective of reality. What makes Frieren special is how it handles tropes that makes it free from cliché. A common take I dislike is that tropes are inherently bad, they aren't. Many tropes can vibrate with the essence of said character, it is just the lack of characterization associated with the trope that makes many meaningless, and thus, cliché. Frieren can be ...
Undead Unluck - A story within a story? How meta.. . For years, manga-turned-anime adaptations have been sprawling out of Shueisha's Weekly Shonen Jump, defining what the next big hit will come henceforth into the anime scene after the likes of Yuki Tabata's Black Clover (recently transferred to Jump Giga), Tite Kubo's Burn the Witch, and most especially the reigning Shonens from Gege Akutami's Jujutsu Kaisen to Kohei Horikoshi's My Hero Academia. As we see the new upcoming anime gearing up this year from Yusei Matsui's Nige Jouzu no Wakagimi a.k.a The Elusive Samurai to Hitsuji Gondai's Yozakura-san Chi no Daisakusen a.k.a Mission: Yozakura Family next season, ...
Frieren: Beyond Journey’s End is truly something special. The initial simplicity of its concept blossoms into a crescendo of inspirational and heartwarming lessons. The inevitable passage of time, overcoming regret, embracing fear, and practicing open communication are beautifully interwoven into endearing messages throughout. Consistently gorgeous artwork and breathtaking arrangements help to cement the emotional impact of each scene. Through deliberate and patient pacing, the story is only enhanced with an open mind. Moreover, the production and creative talent behind this project are genuinely outstanding. Please take the time to watch this in its entirety. This is one anime that you do not want to miss.. . Time ...
The colors are simple but well-groomed and peaceful, the setting is similar to ancient Europe in a fantasy world where magic exists. There are many anime about this genre, but this series has its own quality that makes it successful. Nature, cities and human activities are drawn from many different angles. The majesty of the mountains, the simplicity of the clouds and the wind, the greenness of the plains, the brilliance of many flowers, the depth of the high sky, the small corner in the forest,... Gentle melodious background music yet catchy brings a feeling of incredible tranquility and is really very healing, makes people ...
The first time I saw this series I literally don't know anything about it (even the synopsis). My first thought before watching it, it was weird like 4 episodes at once release. Then I got curious by the thumbnail and try to watch the whole 4 episodes. After I finished watching it I finally know what is this series about and I realized this series isn't like usual fantasy which most fantasy animes are like ended after the demon king or something is defeated. But Sousou no Frieren is different, it tells about Frieren's Journey even after the demon king defeated, the party are disbanded, ...
I will start by saying that this show isn't for everyone. It isn't constant action or anything, after all, the lesson this show teaches is to slow down and enjoy the little things in life, that you will get to where you're going eventually, so there is no rush, and that it is never too late to change and make the world a place where you are happy. This show has no lows for me, it has highs, but nothing is unenjoyable. It doesn't feel like a journey, but truly after the end of one. This show is simply beautiful in many different ways. I ...
She accidentally pressed the emote key and did a FORNITE emote.. . One of the most uniquely creative stylised films. Really hit home for me being that films are something I love so much. Made me fall in love and remind me of just why I love films so much and how much they've impacted my life.. . It was nice to not have the worst complication to a story imaginable and that it was just a hurdle to overcome. It was nice to actually have lovable and enjoyable characters instead of your normal anime protaganists.. . The ending shot "that it's only 90 minutes long" and the film ...
An anime that has a middle-aged main character that actually acts his age will always get my attention.. . That said, the first episode was interesting, but it felt like the author was throwing a lot of stuff to the wall to see what sticks. It certainly could be confusing, as the show seemed to change genres with each episode. However, it managed to strike a balance with all the elements it was juggling with as the season progressed.. . At its heart, it's a fantasy that fulfills every wish a middle-aged salary man wants of having a nice job, while able to travel to another world and ...
Mother of the Magical Soldier Girl's Dormitory.. . If you’ve read the Japanese title of Chained Solider and are worried about the “slave” part then you can breathe a sigh of relief. This show isn’t interested in worryingly whitewashing some of the worst atrocities in human history for the sake of sad incels who wish they had subservient waifu, sex slaves. This is a battle-harem anime about a guy who can turn into a Kaiju monster under the chained leash of his smoking hot commander Waifu’s ability and the price she pays for using him in battle is to reward him with whatever he subconsciously desires after ...
On first glance, people said it was trying too hard to be like Naruto, "overrated","just a pretty elf anime." Some even feared it was another depressing Your eternity.. But when people actually watched it,. they discovered something far from these assumptions—an anime that got flashbacks right, showcased what a true hero is, what it actually means to move on, and most importantly: what it means to enjoy the little things in life.. . And this is how... Sousosu no Frieren revived the entire Fantasy genre. With breathtaking animation, beautiful music, and amazing life lessons, Sousosu no Frieren earned its place as the top anime of 2023. It's one ...
This is an isekai that parodies the overpowered trope overused by isekai stories that have come out the woodwork in recent years.. . This is a show where you need to turn off brain and just enjoy the parody that it is.. . If you are looking for another aspect to enjoy this show, I look at it as an anime tinge with a bit of the charm of "Death Takes a Holiday" except Death is a high school boy who was raised properly by parent figure who saw humanity in him and not just as the force of nature that he is. These scenes were shown as a ...
I understand that it might not be a show for everyone, but there's a reason why it's so loved by many people. Emotional, funny, with unique characters, an unforgettable soundtrack and a masterful animation. If you like high-school romance/drama/comedy/slice-of-life and you don't dislike a sprinkle of supernatural, this is a must-watch.. . STORY: 7/10. The weakest element of this first season, but still good enough. The plot is linear and split into different arcs, each one focusing on our MCs and one side character. All these arcs involve also other characters so the progression feels natural, the development cohesive, and the cast is always part of the story.. The ...
The character of satou is similar to the character of Yuno in personality. For this reason, the anime often reminded me of the mirai nikki anime. When I saw the character of Daichi, I laughed because he looks a lot like me. However, this is called loving risk, not masochism. It's like a gambling addiction. Also, the character of Taiyou made me laugh a lot. He is like i say "I'm not a lolicon" after i'm. If the ending was also interesting, I was also surprised and saddened by the characters who died. Shio chan joins dark side :( The definition of love is beautifully ...
This is essentially the story of an NPC character who became the main character of his story.. . Rentt was an average adventurer who reached a wall in the ranks of his profession. He had a kind heart and easily shared his knowledge and experience to newbies. Until he died.. . This is no spoiler, but it is implied in the title that one has to die to become an undead. That is what happened to Rentt, and this is the story of how he seized this chance to grow beyond the limits of when he was a human. It is really a good story, and quite interesting, adding ...
Sasapi came out the gate with one of the most original pilot episodes I’ve seen, implementing aspects of 4-5 different genres, a cool magical system, a talking bird, hot girls, I was wowed. Sadly, it never really matched those highs again. Still, I enjoyed it for what it was and would recommend it. There’s definitely more than enough to separate it from your run of the mill fantasy seasonal. It does have a fun cast of characters and an interesting world, it just felt underutilised at times and chaotic.. . Sasapi doesn’t really do anything new. Just recently, we’ve had shows like Roukin8 that featured working age ...
The story of the adventure after the grand adventure, a story that tells the tale of the party member who lives longer than the rest.. . . Sousou no Freiren, follows the story of the elf, Freiren, from the hero’s party who killed the demon king. But since elves live longer than everyone else, does she perceive life differently and therefore also sees time differently. So we see how she has to keep living while her former party member's life is running out and she is left behind.. . . The story in itself follows Freiren after the party’s grand adventure, where she later on goes on a new adventure. Throughout ...
Time is a precious thing. The most valuable resource in life. We never know how much of it we have, and we can never get more of it. So, what would you do if you had all the time in the world? Sousou no Frieren explores this concept in a way never before seen in the medium, all the while having generational production values, loveable characters, realistic life lessons and a proper grand fantasy premise. It’s not hard to see why this is one of the biggest anime in recent memory and it’s well deserved.. . I know there can be a general trepidation to accept the ...
This is a story about an elf mage girl who goes on a journey of self discovery. Frieren is her name and you better remember it well, because this is her story, a story that goes beyond a journey of self discovery.. . Watching Frieren Beyond Journey's End is more than a breath of fresh air. In a landscape filled with generic fantasy shows these days, this anime represents one that breathes new life into the genre. These well-paced 28 episodes calmly adapts the manga as we look into the life of a curious elf mage. We follow the story of Frieren as it begins with ...
Frieren: Beyond Journey’s End might very well be the new “fantasy gateway anime”, the first anime that one would recommend to their friend who has only watched the most mainstream action anime, who is looking for something a bit different. A first taste of a more subdued, subtle, slower-paced anime, the first taste of some character introspection, the first taste of some meaningful and thought-provoking character dialogue. It might just become the staple of fantasy anime in the modern age, and its beginner-friendliness really put it on the map. I am very glad that this has been such a critically acclaimed show, because to all ...
Frieren: Beyond Journey's End - FINALLY, a PROPER old-school fantasy handled by a masterclass group of people to be a modern, masterful masterpiece with limitless potential, nuff said.. . “Before the beginning of years, there came to the making of man.. Time, with a gift of tears; Grief, with a glass that ran;. Pleasure, with pain for leaven; Summer, with flowers that fell;. Remembrance, fallen from heaven; Madness, that's risen from hell;. Strength without hands to smite; Love that endures for a breath;. Night, the shadow of light, and Life, the shadow of death.”. ― Algernon Charles Swinburne, Poems and Ballads & Atalanta in Calydon. . The world of fantasy anime has been a dying ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2024!. . Story (9). The story is about a guy that died in a dungeon and was revived as undead. At the first form, He's become a skeleton with a weak power. In the middle of the journey, He fights with a lot of monsters and levels up. When He leveled up, He can evolve into a higher undead being. But He still wanted to become an adventurer and managed to slip into the human town. That's where everything becomes interesting to see the progress of the Main Character.. . Art (9). The art in this anime is very good! I like the ...
The story of a common adventurer, who dies and returns as an undead that still keeps his memories and intelligence.. . The story follows Rentt, who is a normal adventurer that sadly dies, but somehow comes back as an intellectual skeleton. We then see how he is trying to return to a place where he can fulfill his dream of becoming a mythril rank adventurer.. . The setting is very much a classic fantasy world, there is magic, monsters, dungeons and of course an adventurer guild. The plot revolves a lot around these things where we see Rentt try to return to the path of becoming a stronger adventurer. ...
A video game anime that's actually about gaming.. . Story 5/10. Our protagonist Sunraku is a god gamer and has set out to conquer a new game Shangri-La Frontier. The story plays out quite similarly to a lot of other fantasy anime, with the exception that this one doesn't force a gimmick onto you. The pacing could definitely be better, it gives off "we need to make this 25 episodes". The pacing would be fine, even if it's slow at times, but there's a bunch of pointless scenes that just ruin the pacing. For example, we spend basically half an episode forging a new weapon, the initial forging ...
This anime is for those who don't really mind a slow-life anime, because the way it was presented is just a good show to de-stress yourself after quite a long day. There is not much going on, there is not much stuff you need to focus into or keep tabs on, you just need to watch and enjoy it with each passing episode. Not gonna lie, I even watched it while eating dinner after classes and pretend I'm having the same thing that they have. Plus, if simplicity is your thing, then this is really for you.. . The characters and the story are simple enough to ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2024!. . Story (8). The story is about a man who has gone into another dimension called Mato. His sister has also gone into Mato and somehow there is an entrance to Mato's dimension. That's where the journey begins and He becomes strong after finding a group of girl organizations which is at war with a demon in the Mato Dimension.. . Art (9). The art in this anime is very good. I like how they can use the color to make it feel like in another fantasy world. I love how they animate the battle scene and it's quite smooth in my ...
Fullmetal Alchemist held the top position in MyAnimeList's anime top for quite an impressive amount of time, but it wasn't to be, the Sousou no Frieren adaptation was released, and now it's taking the heated spot at the top of the top. But why? What happened? Is Frienen really such a masterpiece show to hold the top spot for the entire release? Let's try to figure out what makes this show so good, and what its flaws are.. . Fantasy is one of the most popular genres in both the animanga and movie worlds, often rivaling comedy in popularity. Its appeal lies in its ability to transport ...
Frieren: Beyond Journey's End is an exploration of the fleeting nature of human life and the beauty of living. A story of love, loss, shared memories, human emotions, and the exploration of life through the eyes of an immortal being, her journey to understand humanity and the meaning of existence.. . The story combines fantasy with slice-of-life and philosophical elements. From Frieren's perspective, the story explores many aspects of what makes us human, including our emotions and shared memories. She recalls the memories of her companions and her time with them by constantly coming across the remnants they have left in the world, even though they are ...
“Isn’t it funny how day by day nothing changes, but when you look back, everything is different…” -C.S. Lewis. . There will be a day when we have to leave. It is a destiny that we must all inevitably accept as part of the maturity and growth of an adult. How we should make the most of our time when it goes relatively quickly (for others, it is slow) while adapting to the constant changes that our society undergoes may not seem very easy - especially if you are a teenager who questions everything you have been taught, or an old man who worries about those who ...
I like keeping it short and try my best to explain well so about giving a try to “skip and loafer” it’s totally recommended. The main characters being a boy and a girl have their own delusion/ cliche type of thing, the way their relation grows is totally wholesome and due to their different nature it’s quite unique.. To be clear if you like romance stuffs this might be a little boring as it’s hard to see great developments or such. But for anon romantic lover, might actually like it I mean why not give a try it’s not such a story which will get you ...
There's a part of me that rates really good anime 10.. But another part of me says that the ones who truly deserve it are the stuff that i can remember years later and still feel excited. The true masterpieces that don't solely rely on fancy animations or fight scenes to stand out.. . The absolute pinnacle of story telling.. . That's what Steins;Gate is.. . If you love great storytelling, banger songs and compelling mysteries, you'll love this.. If you love neither of these, you'll still love this. I dropped this for more than an year at around 10 or so episodes, decided to randomly pick it back up and was the ...
“Fantasy is hardly an escape from reality. It's a way of understanding it.”- Lloyd Alexander. . The Fantasy genre has lay dormant for far, far too long. Anyone who has spent any amount of time exploring anime and what it has to offer may have realized the lack of High-Fantasy Tolkien-esque epics that once dominated the fantasy market. As diverse as the fantasy genre is in anime, Japanese fantasy has often had a pension for either Low-Fantasy or as we know it better “Isekai”. So you’d best believe that Frieren, peaked my interest more so than any other show had for a long time. A High-Fantasy with ...
Honestly, I am quite surprised by how much I am enjoying this anime. I initially checked it out on a whim due to interesting cover art, and then found that it weaves a complex and nuanced story of betrayal, mysticism/magic, strength, and creativity. It's understandable that people who only watched the first few episodes might find it dull as Ishura is one of those animes that you have to stick with and grow with to truly enjoy; taking time to appreciate the interesting characters and their dynamics with each other. Overall, my favorite aspect of Ishura is its world building and very other worldly and ...
As someone whos a big fan of the original manhwa and read it quite a while ago, I'm so happy to be reliving the story through the anime adaptation. I'm so beyond impressed by the effort and respect the studio has given toward the source material. You can really tell that they care about staying true to the core of the manhwa. The animation is stellar, the voice acting goes above and beyond, and the overall flow is natural and easy to follow. All minor changes from the source material have been made logically in service of making the story work for a different medium. ...
A gundam seed movie truly written with love for the series. With many of the recent gundam series they felt different almost not gundam like but this movie was definitely different, it not only was unmistakably gundam but screamed the themes of gundam seed.. . Many references to both gundam seed and gundam seed destiny were included in the movie so a rewatch prior to watching the movie is recommended.. . The art for the most part was actually quite good and even the weird lips that Lacus has were easily tuned out with so much great art surrounding it.. . the pacing was very fast with much of what would ...
Chained Soldier is a show with both plot, and PLOT. In a world where men are at the bottom of society, Yuuki finds himself in Mato which is basically this world's version of hell where all the monsters live. Yuuki ends up being saved by the leader of the anti-demon corps, a group that kills the monsters and saves people who end up lost in Mato. However after things look dire, the leader uses her ability to turn Yuuki into a slave, which basically turn him into a giant mech. The price for her ability is that she has to reward Yuuki every time he ...
Ishura plunges viewers into a vibrantly chaotic world, freshly rid of its demon king, yet shrouded in mystery over the victor's identity. This premise sets the stage for a thrilling narrative, where candidates from different lands and realms vie for the coveted title of the true hero. The allure of Ishura lies in its adept fusion of myriad skills and the philosophical diversity it brings through its characters, blurring the lines between heroes and villains in an intriguing moral play.. . Its presentation of main characters, deftly weaving their unique backgrounds and motivations into the fabric of its story. Despite the vast array of personalities, almost each ...
This show is highly underrated.. . First off, the beginning of the anime (first 2 eps) are absolutely horrible which would drive away the basic romcom viewers far into oblivion. But after that this anime is very good. Its interesting, enjoyable, cute, funny and whatnot for a romcom. It fails to deliver the first impression but trust me it gets better and by that I mean a LOT better.. . Although the premise of this show is based of the anime series "Love is war", i do think that it is quite well done in that area, ofc no where near the "love is war" series which is ...
With a title like: "My Instant Death Ability is Overpowered," you'd think you know what you are getting into. Yet, while this may seem like one of those 'trashy' Isekai narratives where viewers will be able to vicariously indulge in a power fantasy through its main character, the utter irreverence of the premise and story execution, prevents it from happening. That is because, for the most part, this series follows the footsteps of works like "One Punch Man," parodying and satirising the many tropes of its genre.. . Certainly, "Instant Death" is not as endearing, well-written, well-paced, or as well illustrated and animated as "One Punch ...
It's not every day you come across a piece of media so inspired, so transcendent, that you're left awestruck.. . In a dark sea of edginess and filth, Gushing stands as a shining beacon of wholesomeness and fun in the ecchi world. Only once in a generation does humanity get an author who can so masterfully elevate a genre to a higher paradigm of artistry, the way Akihiro Ononaka has done here. The heart of this show is an idea so pure and simple, it rivals the discovery of fire itself. A Saturday morning cartoon, but instead of monster of the week, it's fetish of the week. ...
How did this anime, that I have serious complaints about, end up being one of my favourite anime of all time?. . I'd like to talk about things that I didn't like first.. . Music/OSTs were average. They were not THAT bad but any anime in general usually have pretty sick soundtracks. The music in this show was nothing special, some of them were used in very fitting scenes, however it is nothing to write home about. They were also very overused and felt like they didn't have a large variety of soundtracks (even though their album has so many songs, I'm assuming it's one of those situations ...
Ajin's first season introduces an anime centered on intensity and intrigue, presenting noteworthy action sequences and a well-paced narrative. The action scenes are well choreographed, providing an explosive and entertaining experience with dynamic and fluid movements, thanks to the utilization of computer-generated character animation. However, the CG style may not appeal to all viewers, potentially presenting a challenge for those accustomed to traditional animation techniques. While it integrates smoothly into the series, some contemporary anime fans might find the visuals unappealing. The plot of Ajin relies heavily on action and suspense to advance the story, sometimes at the expense of character development. While characters' motivations ...
Not a statistical or proper 10 by any means, but I realized it's better to rank on enjoyability. And yeah... lets just say it's bingable, entertaining... I didn't want to shut my computer If you like rom-coms, magic, drama, and just like laughing in general this is for you. I watched it in a day. BEWARE NO 2ND SEASON. No game no life affect :(.. . It annoyed me that there are multiple guys the main character is with, but you get over it very quickly. It didn't impact my viewer experience at all. I feel like this show is like a less serious version of Horimiya ...
A rather decent anime with a good budget. Enjoyable to watch, but ratings seem to be rather conflicted due to many upset novel readers. Overall, as someone who never read the source material, the show did fine in terms of storytelling even if bits felt rather fast. Ultimately, one of the downfalls of this story came down to pacing issues which was much to do with covering too much too quickly.. . It was fun to watch and made me invested enough to start reading the light novel.. . I wouldn't consider the negative reviews too heavily when deciding upon this as the animation quality is rather ...
I believe it's the best show I've ever watched in my life. The plot is incredible and very unpredictable and the art is just amazing and very unique. The characters are diverse, everyone has deep personality and own style, which makes viewer love each of them. And in addition they are so handsome fr I understand why main character has such a difficulty deciding which one he likes the most. And the most important thing - opening and ending. They are just a work of art, I see how much effort was needed to make such amazing art to match the music and to present the full spirit ...
Everything about this show is great. The pacing is great and it's hard to complain about. The characters are well written and show parallels with the villains. The emotions, situations, predicaments the characters find themselves in and the emotions they feel. You're going to get swept by like you're living it with them. Growing attached to the characters because they were so likable or growing to hate some. The Author definitely knows how to write a store. The amount of times you are going to be surprised during this show is insane. It is going to have you speculating every episode, something about this show ...
82/100 (average rating + 2 cause I think it's better than the sum of its parts). . (Forgot to paste the review on this site as well oopsy 🤭). . [Slight hints at the ending in the third paragraph; no spoilers or anything but I figured I should still leave a warning here). . Pluto is definitely one of the most interesting and entertaining anime series I've ever seen. A seemingly simple murder mystery set in a far (?) feature where artificial intelligence has evolved so much that robots are living among humans, sometimes even downright looking indistinguishable from one, develops into a much more satisfying story about hatred, the useless-ness ...
Disclaimer: I have not read the light novel so I do not know how faithful the anime adaptation is to the original work. Therefore, my comment will genuinely be reviewing the anime and I will be interpreting it as how I see it.. . Story: The anime leaves a huge impression on what the story will be about in the very first episode as well as immediately highlighting what Ishura means in the context of the anime. The anime starts introducing multiple characters in quick succession and tells the viewer (via a narrator) who and what they represent in the story. In the first few episodes, ...
Definitely give this anime a chance. I’m not one of those weird anime freaks or weebs that have something to say about every little thing. With that being said I think any “normal” person would like this. In fact, this is probably one of the best anime’s I’ve seen so far. I’d give it a 9 so far but it’s almost a 10 for me. MC isn’t a whack job or pervert like most anime’s. It’s an interesting and unique idea. It’s kind of like Pokémon and Sword Art Online combined. I actually think it’s better than SAO. Characters are all great. I’m really ...
I'm not gonna lie, I came here just for the tits but I ended up finding a pretty interesting story.. I felt the anime had a nice balance of plot and PLOT.. I expected to not like it at first because being submissive isn't one of my fetishes, but the anime knew how to balance out the truly important bits.. As for the story itself, it seemed rather interesting. Nothing groundbreaking, sure, but interesting enough to make me pay attention to more than just the lewd scenes.. Honestly, if this anime doesn't get a second season, I'm considering going to the manga.
TLDR: Good "mature" action anime. Recommended to people that enjoy crude language and wild gun fights. If you want an anime that has an overarching plot, an anime that is "thought-provoking", and equal character development this isn't necessarily the anime for you.. . The anime is on the darker side given that the characters we are following are essentially pirates. You have them doing human trafficking, weapon transportation, killing, mafia, grave robbing, etc. The second job they do they are facing off against Neo Nazis of all things! The main male lead is a moral man Rock who serves as a ...
Mato Seihei was one of the most hyped adaptations of the year and sadly failed to live up to expectations. It never managed to capture the magic of the manga and just felt like a flat, soulless seasonal.. . I’ve read the manga for the past year or so and was pretty excited when this was announced. I knew the battles could be tricky to animate, but I at least had hope the erotica content would be handled well. I mean, that is the main selling point to the story after all.. but my hopes and dreams were quickly dashed within a couple episodes of this. ...
It starts off with a Bang but slows down immensly to introduce us to the world.. To know how the dungeon works, what it actualy is and what creatures lurk inside stays important to the story so far.. . For now we have:. 1. Some interesting characters, each with their own motivations, stories and goals.. 2. A massive world which gets even more interesting as the anime progresses.. 3. Some well animated action and. 4. Some well drawn and deliscious looking food.. . What I like most about this one is:. ...
This short film is pure eyecandy-- adorable character designs, fantastic animation, great background and worldbuilding design...not only that, but it also includes a super catchy song! The dialogue between the two characters flows naturally and gives you a very solid idea of their personalities and their friendship in just 3 minutes. Dialogue and personality-wise, they are shockingly realistic in that sort of way where you can imagine meeting them in real life. To be honest, there is not much to the story at all. It's short and sweet while giving you a lot to chew on through the setting. I've never been more impressed by ...
To be honest, I went in with low expectations, as I'm always wary of light novel adaptations, only to be shocked that I was faced with an enjoyable and addictive work.. Story 6/10. The story is normal, if not repetitive. It is one of those common time travel stories, but the interesting thing is that the weakness of the story did not affect the events at all. It was quick fun and made me devour the episodes without realizing it.. Characters 8/10. The heroine did a good job. Her personality inspires hope and happiness in the soul of the viewer, and her design is not a great design, but ...
Saitama kills his enemies with a single blow? Pfft, how about instant death with just a thought?. . Superpowers. Superpowers range from the ability to ignite flames in the palm of your hand to the ability to destroy the universe at the snap of a finger. I bet that each of you at one time or another has wondered "what superpower would I want for myself?", I'm sure that most of you will give an answer on the level of "the ability to fly", or "the ability to pass through walls", or "the ability to see through clothes", it depends on how you look at it. But ...
This anime is the best type of garbage, expected the usual sludge that they pump out every season, 'A normal, average highschooler is yeeted and now he's op. This dense, annoying self insert will now beat people in increasingly boring ways for 12 eps while being surrounded by other annoying characters'. What we got instead is arguably worse, but its a 10/10 on the enjoyment scale. It's the OP protagonist trope taken to its logical extreme, and its just hilarious. It's just junk food anime, OP protag batshit insane no story power fantasy parody, and I love it.. . The MC has the depth of a kiddie ...
Well, the season of "I want to be a slave to Makima" has come to an end, the era of "I want to be a slave to Tenka" has begun, and femdom fans are back to their old ways..... . If you know anything about the world of animanga, you probably know or have at least heard once about such a popular person as Takahiro, a man whose type I call an "idea generator". Takahiro is the author of several manga and short stories, including popular works such as Akame ga Kill! or Yuuki Yuuna Is a Hero. However, bloody fantasy and maho-shojo is not the only ...
So, the story? I'd give it a 6 out of 10. It's not exactly groundbreaking stuff - we're talking your classic Isekai Demon Lord Slaying with a sprinkle of Otome and Comedy thrown in. It's the kind of plot you've probably seen before.. . The animation? It's decent, nothing mind-blowing, but definitely not bad either. I'd say it's a solid 7 out of 10. You won't be wowed by it, but it's smooth enough to keep you engaged.. . Now, let's address the standout feature of the show: Yumiella's undeniable cuteness. Without a doubt, she deserves a perfect 10 out of 10 in this regard. From her endearing character ...
If you like. 1. Ecchi. 2. Yuri. This is anime for you xD. . Story is quite nice and you can just go to the flow.. I'm not really a fun of yuri fan service but this anime, I kinda like it hahaha.. . Art style is so so but it bumping up when the H is involve haha. . ...
The whole story started daily life from 1-6, little action, has some typical cliche plot and introduction characters. Enjoy the shows until eps 6 then story would start to develop and gain more pace. After episode 11, I start to cry.. . Most isekai doesn't shows "ethical" and "caring", somehow episode 1 it shows all of the characters has two distinguish traits "ethical" and "caring". Watching from eps 1, it's feel like being hugged by fluffy cute bear that warm my heart. I get attached to characters after episode 1 especially the king (I almost disbelieve he did that to summoners), the image of typical king would ...
Heavenly Delusion works at its absolute best as a mystery show - the mysteries it lays out and how it gradually answers them plus how it asks new questions for the audience is legitimately super gripping and kept me engaged the whole way through.. The show also manages to strike a perfect balance in tone, where both calm, fun scenes pair perfectly with the more dark stuff, some of which was actually really surprising and hit exactly the way it was supposed to.. . I found Maru and Haruko a really likeable main-character duo - they're both kind of ditsy, but Haruko's headstrong attitude and Maru's genuine personality ...
As some one who haven't watch romance anime before due the over realistic things they show about a realtionship and the characters response the the scenario, which doesn't feel relatable. this show does a great job in it. you can actually relate to characters very much and there response to the situation they are in.(except of one scene in episode 9).even if after reading this you don't feel it's good show just give it a try.. . This anime is totally underrated. it really deserve more attention.. the story is simple but intresting enough to hook on to it, you never feel boring through out the story.Even ...
Ishura was a nice surprise in Winter 2024, with a bunch of heavy hitters, I really thought Ishura was gonna be another generic fantasy action show. but I was proven wrong.. . The true demon king is dead, as they mention a 100 times, and now there's a bunch of people fighting for the title of "True Hero". the list of characters range from a isekai protagonist samurai, to a skeleton spearman, to a wyvern that can use guns and swords, and that doesn't even scratch the surface. There is no main character here, anyone can and will die.. . as far as the animation goes, it's pretty good, ...
The start is a little slow... But its not that bad, once you hit the 4th episode, everything just starts getting better (well worse....) the landscapes and world building are amazing, showing the true scale of the "abyss". if i am being honest im not the biggest fan of Riko as a character.... I feel shes pretty weak and just seems to hold Reg back.. . Issues aside, this has one of the STRONGEST ending episodes of any anime, the last 4 episodes are soo messed up, but amazing at the same time.. . Art - 9/10, Pretty good art style, No CGI (At least noticeable) and all ...
"What a spectacular corkscrew we are seeing this morning". . What is Nichijou? A true work of art. A masterpiece of anime. It's just wonderful. Comedy gold. Finely crafted humor double cooked.. . Nichijou is a comedy about random and bizarre situations that occupy our lives. Normal mundane things such as going to school or eating food is made into humor. An example is one of our characters or taking a test and seeing your friend standing on their desk or going shopping for something only to find its out of stock.. . That being said Nichijou is realistic but also bizarre and absurd. It isn't supernatural or ...
Warning: very minor spoiler. . A fantasy world with stellar worldbuilding. Every character is oozing with unique flavour, from their distinctive appearance and power, to the sometimes explained backstories. There are no background characters in this show, every single person has the potential to be the main character in their own right.. . The animation style and fight scenes are passable but nothing noteworthy, but the voice acting is absolutely phenomenal. This helps bring even more to life the uniqueness of each character. The additional design choices such as second names, or the way they chant spells, are also super cool to watch.. . This is one of the best anime ...
This was the second anime that I watched after Death Note. SAO has introduced me to a many new genres of anime. So this holds a dear place in my heart.. . The first time I watched it, my friend literally forced me to watch it. And man wasn't I blown away. The animations were on the spot. The story was new to me. It was a Isekai, there was romance, the harem element, action etc.now shitting on SAO is considered a cool thing, it's how they introduced the game mechanics to anime and manga. Well for better or for worse it has changed anime noticably. There ...
Absolute garbage. A dumpster fire inside of a dumpster fire. And I love it.. . This show is Sharknado levels bad, and it's hilarious. The first 5 episodes are filler, it contains every media trope known to man before they even hit the second plot point, and has many 4th wall breaks. Overall, the protagonist is OP but actually pretty likeable, and there is a minium amount of ecchi moments, and the main focus seems to be saticial commentary on the state of fantasy anime. I never know where this show is going to next, and the unpredictability makes it even more intersting and funny.. . DO ...
Frieren truly stands out from other fantasy anime; the story line and characters we follow feel so refreshing and real. The world building is just phenomenal too, and does not over explain things. Madhouse has also completely out done themselves with the animation quality, the action sequences are just jaw dropping and the art style makes most frames wallpaper worthy.. . However, what you may end up liking the most about this show is what the experiences of the characters delves into; the value of the time we spend making memories with the people most important to us, something many people may lose sight of in the ...
It's an interesting series. Many people criticize it for the alteration made to the original story, the gender change of the protagonist, etc. However, I think those details do not detract from the enjoyable things this series has.. . First of all, we must highlight its music, because the ost is really fantastic. It really transports you to the feelings that the series transmits, feelings of nostalgia, melancholy, etc. And I think the music reflects that very well. Visually, it's a nice series. The main character is kind and helpful.. . The main defect that we can find in this work is the plot at the end, since it ...
Hidamari sketch embodies and balances its creativity and silly lighthearted nature extremely well, and I believe it's a really enjoyable and soothing slice of life series.. . The animation, while feeling a little low budget, works fine but could be better. I find the art style extremely appealing. Verrrrrry 2000s moe cuteness with big eyes and simple designs that express the girls' character well. I love that this anime does the thing where it makes the characters all wide and chibi, but like cranks the WIDE factor to 100%! It's so silly, and I find it so funny and endearing xD.. . Being a show set at an ...
In a world filled with generic isekai and action-battle shonen that are used as bait for views on Youtube, Frieren brings new and fresh air to us anime fans.. . I remember watching a video online about a manga called Sousou no Frieren. In it, the person was talking about how the story and characters were so very well develop, you could not help but fall in love with them. It was also mentioned about how the story portrayed loss, nostalgia and the feeling of cherishing the ones you love while they were still with us.. . It immeaditely caught my attention, as I was looking for ...
tl;dr: A student/teacher multi-couple anime that focuses pretty much entirely on hilarious ecchi accidents.. . This anime is about the formation of four male-student/female-teacher couples. This anime is composed of twelve half length episodes, so it has about the content of six standard episodes. Most episodes are split into two halves as well, so this anime could be seen as a series of 5 minute shorts. The first four episodes are about the first couple, the next five have the second and third couple intermixed, and the last three episodes are about the fourth couple. Once a couple is formed it isn’t really focused on, but you ...
Mellowlink Arity is good enough. He dodges, snipes, and somersaults across the battlefield, and enables this OVA to be a fine, action-filled adventure. It's a boilerplate revenge story in high form, with an art style that faithfully follows the original Votoms - along with carrying the same level of quality. Most episodes are individual scenarios in different locales: jungles, deserts, etc. And all are opportunities for revenge for Mellowlink.. . The story is mostly episodic, though the plots of earlier episodes contribute to the multi-episode finale. Unfortunately not a lot of these episodes are memorable, though there are some diamonds in the rough. A big problem with ...
Wow. This was worth watching.. . In my experience anime movies, where they recount the series anew, typically fail hard on expectations. Koudou has surpassed expectations. It recaptures the important character drama with renewed depth and focus, leaving this a sentimental re-take. Certain events are limitted while many are expounded -- making this a memorable addition to the Code Geass story which is a must watch for any fan of the series.. . Overview:. The story follows what we'd expect, but with renewed focus. The art style is amazing as always, I'm pleasently shocked that the animation for the entire feature seems to be from the ground up.. The ...
I wanna start by saying it was my first anime and after watching hundreds of anime I can confidently say it's one of the best anime series ever made. It's a masterpiece.. . The story is about light yagami who wants to eradicate all the criminals using the death note he got. The story is immaculate. The pacing is masterful. The characters are amazing. The thrill is awesome. The crew has done a great job too, they brought the characters to life in such a way that it leaves a long lasting impact on the viewers. Even after so many years of me watching this anime ...
At first look the anime isn't much different than some of the generic Isekai I've watched but it changes really quickly. The story is not something to write home about either. Every episode seems to just ravel things up except for a few ones. The story is different however, it's a good way to take a break from all the "trashy Isekai" that tends to follow the same kinda plot. The ending was a lil bit rushed as well. But there's already a second season so I'm not complaining.. . Over all the anime is different from the generic Isekais out there and provides a different taste ...
Review summary: A story from before the war to during the war. However, this is a story that goes beyond that. The core of this story is Totto-chan's life. I think this is one of the best animated films. Check out the characters and art background images in the trailer. It's a lot of effort.. . Who should watch: People who have seen "Kono Sekai no Katasumi ni (In This Corner of the World)". People who like foreshadowing.. Who should not watch: This movie shows everyday life, so it can be boring for people who want to enjoy the highs and lows of their emotions.. . This is an ...
Anytime someone tells you that Mashle is bad you can just respond with "Do you even lift bro?" and you immediately win the argument. Case closed.. . Jokes aside, I think self-awareness and comedy go a long way with so many generic action Shounens to choose from. Mashle is great because it doesn't try to be great. It doesn't pretend to be some super deep or emotionally moving story while being riddled with tropes and meat-head amounts of action scenes. It embraces the fact that these types of anime are meant to be goofy entertainment. If you are into fitness and strength training, you will probably ...
This show was very very much well made from almost every romance-comedy aspect of anime. The jokes and puns are well crafted, and even the plot and character developments are really in sync and well done. The vibes are also giving off the classic 2016 romance anime I love it so much and I am two steps away from giving this 10 star.. . Edit, for review : this anime is one of those romance hidden gems that you should watch. It might seem mediocre at first, and pretty sure you'd get kinda lost the hype of this review at the first season, but its VERY WORTH ...
Ishura is probably the most unique action anime I’ve ever seen. A slow but rewarding burn that has one of the coolest premises you’ll find and an immense amount of worldbuilding. This was one of the best shows of Winter 2024 and it’s a shame it flew under the radar.. . While not an expert in the field of battle royale anime, I’ve seen a few and Ishura stands head and shoulders above the rest. What makes it so good to me is the wide range of characters with unique abilities who are all very OP and have unique fighting styles. Additionally, there’s the perfect amount of ...
Apparently based on my review history, I was not really a fan of this anime, and it is also unfortunate that i dont recall as to why i rated it as low as 5. I can kinda see why, and to pay for that disrespect, I tried to pick up this second season.. . While i love its very theme, Isekai, Reincarnation, Magic, Fantasy, This anime has it all. Not to mention the so called cliche harem element (EDIT: not your typical harem, a cult type harem which the main character as its leader and has alot of worshipper)(also which, i think, is overrated) is also ...
Oh my god.The best harem anime with best mc who is literal God with handling women. No cuck mc but chad guy who loves 2d women🗿but God had other plans for him.. You will be sad for him because a chad had to do most humiliate things to save his own life.. No shitty as blushing or lovey dovey shit. The girls as preety ass though except the idol one(best portrayal of women as they are only thankful to the guy's the love Or have crush on and ignores the guy who is not).. . Best harem anime with actual logic and oh my go I who ...
A hidden gem. Sore ga Seiyuu is an absorbing look behind the scenes of the Japanese voice actor industry. The main characters are written with empathy and are very easy to root for. As the show details their successes and failures as emerging seiyuu, it also provides an overview of the broader workings of the industry. While the show is not a granular examination of the profession, and its portrayal can seem idealized at times, nevertheless it is informative and always finds ways to remain interesting. Though only 13 episodes long, by the end of the series I found myself heavily invested in the ...
Victory Ramenman is a spin off of Kinnikuman from the 80'S , its a manly anime about Victory Ramenman! It's about him fighting various evil enemies, he a Chojin Kung Fu master , with many deadly techniques, the many flaws of this anime is the last two episodes are recaps , and the villains aren't as cool as the mainline Kinnikuman villains , other than that the Voice acting and animation are good , and Ramenman himself is cool as hero , the story is very Hokuto no Ken like , aka Fist of the North Star which the ...
Odd taxi is an anime with a pretty good story. The claim that any scene in this anime matters may be a bit overhyped, but it's still an anime where lots of small details matter which can help you piece together the story if you notice them.. . Odd taxi doesn't have a singular storyline. There's lots of different storylines all involving different characters, that revolve around the main character. You can imagine the storylines like some sort of braid revolving around the main character with all strands coming together at the end, making for a nice ending. Overall the story is of a good quality and ...
Overall it's a 9/10, it started strong and faded a bit at times, but the last three episodes were an 11/10, so pretty wholesome overall!. . I would definitely recommend checking out The Original: Horimiya Fist.. . It's very ridiculous and nice to watch on sad days.. . . . . Rest is just for publication:. ...
So, I just want to share how it saddens me that most of the people here have not watched Banana Fish or ignored it just because it is labeled as a yaoi/BL anime.. Personally, I enjoy anime that have realistic touch and often discuss or expose real world topics and I can't think of an anime which has discussed and revealed the most sensitive crimes in the world (r*pe, p*dophilia, drugs, mafia and gang violence) like this anime has done.. The characters are written so beautifully, even the side characters are so relatable. These character are really complex, diverse and understandable. Their connections and relations are ...
Frieren just works.. There are so many reasons it shouldn't work. It's plot and premise just sounds like every other fantasy show yet it works.. The animation isn't too extraordinary but it works.. The soundtrack isn't too special but it works.. The characters don't have a lot of depth but they work.. Everything in this show just works. And it works really well. When I watched the first episode, I wasn't expecting it to be anything special, but the use of the passage of time (which is a recurring theme) is what carries this show, and damn does it sting and hurt.. Time. For us, we don't have a lot ...
I watched The first slam dunk, was that even a anime, it felt like i was watching the real thing, the dribble, the fakes, the faces they made to communicate during the game felt so real. The lay out shots, the dumps everything was executed perfectly.. The story was also really intriging even though we got different protagonist this time, He followed Ryota in this movie And it was really a fresh to see a guard story. The favorite part of the movie was the three pointers, they were so clean.. And the movie has also a great animation style it felt like blending between 2d and ...
The first thing I want to iterate is that I do fully understand how popular My Hero Academia is to young anime fans and my first exposure to this series is not starting from episode one of the mainline series but to start with a side story that offers a great introduction to the world and characters of my hero acamedia without giving you a feeling of being lost with regards to how big and massive the series is.. . This story is a special two-part episode and 4th OVA for the My Hero Academia series. The plot of the episode is that it takes place ...
TL;DR: The donghua version of Mushishi.. . First, I was simply curious, because it was a chinese anime with a very promising cover and a somewhat interesting plot description. I expected to lose interest in it after the first few episodes. But then I just kept watching... And now, 4 days later, I can't wait to see the next episode. This is truly something amazing. A hiden gem, that I can only compare to Mushishi.. . I've been thinking for a while, how to describe this donghua, because I honestly think, that more people should check it out. However, I think this one will fall into the underrated and ...
Losing Money to Be a Tycoon presents a fascinating twist on the typical rags-to-riches narrative, it offers a captivating journey through the unconventional world of Pei Qian, an ordinary office worker thrust into an extraordinary situation, back to a time when he was still a broke college student . With its blend of humor, strategy, and unexpected challenges, this donghua kept me engaged throughout the series.. . At its core, the series explores the age-old adage of "money makes money" but with a clever and unexpected twist. Instead of striving for profit, Pei Qian finds himself navigating a world where success is measured by losses. This ...
This may be my Ghibli bias coming out. This should be an 8/10 movie, but the Ghibli charm is enough to bump this and any other movie up some.. There is so much love put into the animation. Every setting is so meticulously detailed and beautifully drawn that every frame looks like a painting. And there are not mystical elements whatsoever in this movie. All of this beauty comes from the love of the mundane and the ordinary. They make the common street and the average house feel so magical to be in because of the love they put into drawing it. All of the animators ...
This is the best straight-up kids movie of all time. It really just embodies the joy and innocence of being a kid.. The art style is bubbly and brilliant (and extremely well animated). The colors are simple, bright and beautiful. The world is wonderous, imaginative, charming and colorful. The music is soaring and whimsical (average Hisashi W). This is the most adorable movie I've ever seen. The characters are so much fun to watch and are great role models for kids, without being unrealistic. It's narratively and thematically simple, but it works in this movies favor because of the intended demographic.. It's fun, cute, and I was ...
Hikikomari Kyuuketsuki no Monmon is an anime that defies expectations at every turn. Don't let its seemingly light-hearted genre tags fool you; this series is full of fang-tastic character development and emotionally stirring moments. From the outset, it's clear that this anime is something special. The animation quality is well done, especially during the flashy and entertaining fight scenes. The pacing is just right; each arc is presented in bite-sized portions, introducing new characters and delving into their backgrounds and motivations, while highlighting the central character's growth and evolution. However, while the series maintains a strong narrative overall, the final arc falls short in comparison ...
his donghua is an adaptation of novel by the same (Chinese) name. I haven't read the novel so I won't be speaking to how this does as an adaptation.. . Plot Summary: Wei He, the youngest of 3 siblings, is a sheltered and somewhat naive young man. His family is supported by his eldest sister's reputation as a fierce martial artist of the slums. Believing that their parents are still alive despite their disappearance, his eldest sister regularly goes out on searches to find clues about their whereabouts. Before one of these trips, Wei He has a bad prenomination, prompting him to join his eldest sister. On ...
I’ve been watching anime since 2001 and Frieren is a reminder of everything anime can be. The storytelling is lush and the animation is smooth like butter. The characters are well rounded and deep to the point that I was full on crying for the first 3 episodes. Yes I occasionally like a cheap and fast anime similar to my desire for fast food from time to time. But this is not something you put on for background noise, it’s meant to be savored and invoke thought provoking questions such as “What does it mean to truly live?”.. . This is why Freiren is so popular. It ...
It's more than just a fantasy it's about relationship genre/set-up and how I feel about long living elves that has more lifespan than human being, favorited protagonist all of time no doubt, amazing animated sound effects fighting scene, very immersive SFX, I do like this kind of vibe in the story situation, you can see how expensive the cost of this adaptation, I've never watch something different but until this year finally anime that bring me happiness. I enjoyed a lot until last episode also very recommended to watch it. I think you'll get into this series even if it's not a fan or type ...
As one of the most highly influential and beloved anime to date, the immense epic known as One Piece overflows with joy, heart, and charm, only majorly hindered by various issues stemming from its production and pacing. The vast and expansive nature of this story continues to capture the heartfelt emotions of people all around the world, creating gripping narratives that remind us of powerful lessons that we all can learn from. The continuously growing themes of family, freedom, and following your dreams run especially deep here. Despite the inconsistency of its run, this adventure will remain with you for a long time to come.. . Within ...
O amor que as Nanas sentem uma pela outra me remete muito ao que eu sinto pela minha melhor amiga, assistir esse anime com essa perspectiva aqueceu tanto meu coração... Os personagens em si são todos muito bem construídos, mas quem mais me chamou atenção foi o Yasu, que anjinho na terra (e feliz por saber que temos o mesmo MBTI)!. Eu acredito que todas as mulheres no florescer dos 20 anos deveriam assistir Nana, existem muitos ensinamentos e formas de enxergar a vida que podem ser transmitidos através dele, eu por exemplo aprendi muito, principalmente sobre o amor e a amizade (algo muito visto no anime). 10/10, ...
I have never seen the remake but I decided to start with the original series first, so here are my thoughts:. STORY: through the first half of the show I thought it would be a heartwarming and sweet story, turns out I was wrong, it wasn’t just that which makes it special to me, in general it was well written and did a great job in portraying the character’s feelings but still I wish they explained more about the plot and the characters. CHARACTERS: I like most of the characters not all of them though, but they all have their depth and reasons which kept me ...
Since nobody is writing a good review for this anime and it is probably one of my favorite series ever I guess I’ll be the one to do it. If you want an anime that doesn’t talk down to the viewers, leaves you on the edge of your seat every episode and has excellent VA work and art style then watch this regardless of what people are saying.. . I’ll start with the obvious elephant in the room and that’s this anime’s production was atrocious. They obviously didn’t have the money to animate more than like 30-40 seconds an episode well so they instead spent the money ...
The concepts of “pacifist”, and “$$6,000,000 bounty on his head” made the synopsis one of this series' greatest strengths.. . I find it difficult, to talk about “Trigun Stampede” without spoiling anything. It's a series that contains the importance of its message behind the very synopsis, and it isn't at all what the series is about, but it's the climax itself. Everything comes back to the synopsis, the situation the main character puts himself in, the constant sadness, and the tragedy that follows him. Everything comes back to the fact that he is the embodiment of something greater.. . Even if the beginning sets up our main ...
Its your typical isekai with an overpowered protagonist. Your classic hero needs to defeat demon lord.. But tries to do things a bit differently.. . Firstly Seiya is not a hero, but more of an anti-hero.. He doesn’t mince his words. And is very insensitive. But most importantly he’s very cautious.. He will not engage in a fight unless he knows he’s absolutely ready. He prepares thoroughly for everything and trusts no one. And will use overkill on even the weakest foe.. . Its a very funny and entertaining isekai. The way the characters personalities clash with each other makes for very funny scenarios.. All the characters are entertaining, both main and side ...
I don’t even know where to begin with this review. This is easily one of the goofiest anime I have ever seen. And I love this show but not in the way that you expect. I'm tempted to say that it’s so bad it’s good. In a way, this show does kind of teeter on that line of being very enjoyably bad but it does have some unironically good aspects believe it or not. So as campy and dated as this show is, I’m gonna talk about the stuff I like first. The main thing I like about this show is that it’s just so ...
Dear Skelter+Heaven,. . Before I watched you, I was a miserable wreck. My wife left me and took the kids after I was fired from my job as a telemarketer. I began suffering from chronic depression and suicidal thoughts started to bubble up in my mind. I had begun to lose all hope and meaning in life. But on the day I am typing this letter of gratitude, everything changed.. . I was viciously drinking at the bar at 3 am when suddenly the TV mysteriously changed to an unknown channel. It was playing you, all 15 minutes of you. And from the moment you started, I ...
First of all let me get this off my chest real quick: Can we all collectively agree that My Hero Academia has easily the absolute worst fanbase for an anime ever? Like, if you’re an MHA fan, I really hope that you are mentally stable, because the kind of shit that your fanbase does is really concerning and whack. For example, you guys have no idea how many posts I see on Instagram and Twitter where people have shipping drawings of Deku and Bakugo. Like, what the fuck man? Out of all the characters in this show, why the fuck would you wanna ship those ...
Neon Genesis Evangelion is pretty good. Yeah, I don't think that's a significant hot take unless you just hate this show for some reason. Now when I went to watch this show for the first time, I had only kind of, maybe, somewhat heard of it before but couldn't recall where I first heard the name. I felt the same way before I watched Cowboy Bebop for the first time. The only thing I was certain about was that it was a mecha anime, and it was apparently one of the most classic anime of the 90's. The only other mecha anime that I had ...
HOT TAKE INCOMING: I think Monster is a little overrated, but just a little bit. Don’t get me wrong, this is an objectively great show, but unfortunately, I didn't love it as much as I thought I would. The reason why is pretty simple: It's just not for me.. . And the thing was, I went into it with a lot of high expectations and I thought it was going to be a personal favorite of mine. But once I started the show, I just didn't feel that way anymore. Because I did not get hooked at the beginning at all, in fact I thought it ...
Ever since I have become an anime fan last year, I have known about The Promised Neverland. And ever since last year, I have known about how infamously bad the ending is. But I have never seen the show until now. My curiosity peaked as I was randomly thinking about it today as I always thought that the ending would be so embarrassing that it was funny because I do enjoy stuff like that. But now after finishing this first season, I am very upset.. . Not that this first season was bad, but I couldn't help but think: "Why did they pick this show to ruin? ...
It's been a while since I watched Code Geass for the first time. I remember watching it back in my freshman year of college as I was trying to find something to watch in my dorm room one day. I then came across this show and had heard of the name before, but the only things I knew about it was that there were mechs in it, and people said that it was a masterpiece and that the ending was amazing. Other than that, I didn't know anything else. So I was like: "Alright, I'll be the judge of that." So I sat down and ...
So I just finished watching the entire show today and I gotta say, this is probably my favorite shounen anime ever made. If you ask me this show is everything I want a shounen anime to be and more: likable characters in creative stories that subvert your expectations with a good emotional core. I like to see this show as a deconstruction of the shounen genre. It breaks down the most annoying tropes and clichés and makes something more compelling out of it, which for me is such a breath of fresh air. And it’s funny looking back because I didn’t expect to be such ...
No Game No Life, it was an extremely exciting anime, I had a real pleasure watching it.. The drawing of Madhouse, as always, is at the highest level, pleases my eyes. I also liked the style of Yu Kamiy.. There are a lot of adult jokes in this anime (about breasts, censorship of nudity, etc.), references to popular culture, other anime (like Doraemon), games (like a series of Persona games) banter over stereotypes and the like.. The plot is clear, the author's idea in itself is to show us and tell us his point of view through the prism of games extremely, or rather through the ...
This is gonna be a very short review because I don't have a whole lot to say about this show. It's not bad at all, in fact I do like it and I think this show has so much potential to be really good. I like the characters and I really like the concept of this show. The story of two random friends getting things back for other people and they both have superpowers is a very fun idea. You could do a lot of creative things with that. And I think they do but at the same time I can't help but feel like ...
This is kind of the worst anime to talk about in a review because there's just not much to say about it. I’m not saying that this show is bad, no not at all. In fact this is one of my personal favorite anime ever, it truly is a hidden gem that I hear nobody talking about. It's about a kid named Kino who travels around from place to place with his talking motorcycle Hermes (Yeah, the motorcycle talks) and each place is different from the next, and after they're done with one place, they travel to the next random place with seemingly no ending ...
This has always been a personal favorite of mine and one that I always recommend to first time anime viewers. Now as much as I love to talk about this show, I don't wanna spoil it for people who haven't seen it. Because as it stands, this show is just really solid.. . Without giving too much away the show is kinda similar to Sin City, where it revolves around a few individual stories that connect and tie into one another. And it’s all done in a nonlinear order like I’m watching Momento. And you might think that sounds confusing, but this show is very well edited ...
I’m definitely biased with this movie because this was the very first Ghibli film I ever watched and I was a teenager when I first saw it. I was actually 17 at the time and to be quite honest, I was in a rough patch in my life. I won't get too personal but I remember being in this highly secure place with a bunch of other people who were also going through similar problems that I was. And we saw this movie on HBO Max and some of the kids wanted to watch it, since some of the kids were really into anime and ...
UNDERRATED UNDERRATED UNDERRATED. I think it's very clear since all reviewers before me said the same thing. Certainly this anime deserves higher rating than 6.90. This anime has it all except one thing, great animation. It's not the best, but not the worst. I'd say decent. This is not action anime, so I don't really care much about that part. What I care is story and character. And this anime delivers. Relatable characters, heartwarming stories, great moral messages, very educational especially if you have or want to have a pet. Or even if you don't. The humans in this anime has their own stories and ...
Tl;Dr: "Maboroshi" is a stunning anime bursting at the seams with intriguing storytelling, great cinematic moments, and raw emotion. But it’s also a show with some notable caveats. The first is that there are character moments in here that push the needle too far in terms of shock value and novelty. For the most part, I thought the characters in this show are portrayed well within the show’s odd, mature setting. However, there are at least a couple of character moments that come across as needlessly gross, while others at times feel unjustified or underdeveloped. These abrupt points of whiplash in the story are part ...
Now I'm not sure if this is a hot take or not, but I strangely love this show. I know that some people shit on it due to the fact that it brought a lot of fangirls into the anime fandom space that a lot of guys mocked basically for acting like teenage girls. It’s more of a teenage girl power fantasy with conflicts about romance instead of a male power fantasy with conflicts about willpower. It’s like the anime version of Twilight, or the excuse I’ve always heard since I've finished this show: “It’s Dragon Ball Z but for girls.” Which as a grown ...
This is one of my favorite shows I've watched, and it's simply because the story is unique and the characters are endearing. Every second with these characters makes me want to spend more and more time learning about them, and their found family dynamic as they learn to be together is adorable. God, this whole show is adorable. It doesn't cut corners on a lot of the stress of being a parent and it shows how our MC has to adapt to taking care of this new person in his life.. The show also has an art style that's soft and easy on the eyes, and ...
It's basically an extended episode of Cowboy Bebop, which is what I wanted and that's exactly what I got. I mean the show is already in the top 5 of my favorite TV shows of all time, so it would make sense that the movie would be one of my favorite films of all time.. . Most anime movies usually have nothing to do with the show. In fact, you could skip them entirely and it wouldn't make a difference in the story. I mean there's obviously exceptions (Ex: Demon Slayer -Kimetsu no Yaiba- The Movie: Mugen Train) but the vast majority of movies are pretty ...
I cannot tell you how much I love Samurai Champloo. It’s easily my favorite anime with samurai in it. And I don’t think it gets enough love or recognition which is a big shame.. . First of all, the characters are great. You got Mugen who’s an asshole but a lovable one. He’s voiced by Steven Blum in the English dub. And I think any character this guy voices, no matter how much of an asshole they are, is immediately likable. There’s also Jin who’s this silent but deadly guy, and like Mugen, he’s a badass. And the rivalry between the two is so entertaining to ...
I think Cowboy Bebop is near perfect. This is gonna be a full on meat riding, glazing review because I have almost nothing but positives to say about this show. It is truly something special and I know it's cliche to say this, but they really don’t make them like they used to. There’s no overly dramatic thought monologues, there’s no characters standing around and talking to the villain, then attacking one at a time like it’s an RPG.. . In fact the Bebop crew may be drawings, but they’re so believable and delightful to watch you just never want to leave them. Spike is so ...
I don’t really have much to say except that it makes the original show look like pussy shit in comparison to this. In fact it might be better than the entirety of the original show. Yeah, I’m not kidding. This is violent, tragic, and beautiful. I was literally in silence watching this because if I started taking notes on what I liked and didn't like, I feel like I would be ruining the experience. So I gave this OVA my undivided attention the entire way through.. . Really the only issue I have is I wish I saw this first before I watched the original show. ...
It's a great short-series for children that lets you explore all these everyday situations together with the girls. It's also just super cute to see them hanging out at the cafe while the older operators watch over them. Each episode has its own theme and it's always surprising how much can be packed into 3 minutes. The hand-drawn animations are simple but at the same time very beautiful and full of character.. . Having some basic knowledge about Arknights is very helpful to understand the references, but it's not necessary. (The metal crabs belong to Beanstalk, the owner of the cafe. It's an alternate scenario where the ...
Now before I begin I should probably address the elephant in the room, which is Nobuhiro Watsuki, the creator of Rurouni Kenshin. If you don't know, Mr. Watsuki has done some really questionable things in real life and honestly, I don't feel like going down that rabbit hole. I do recommend that you do some research into it so you can know what I mean. The question is, should you support Rurouni Kenshin even with all the mistakes Nobuhiro has made? Personally, I only try to judge and support the art and not focus on the artist. It's like listening to Kanye West. Ye has ...
This is an anime made with love that makes you feel nostalgic without having experienced that constantly. The best thing I've seen in years.. I saw too many people avoid this gem because they think it is an isekai and we can be told what a gem it is, with such unique characters and very marked personalities.. I'm a little sad that there's only one chapter left, but it was a nice ride and I hope to see more in the future. It is appreciated to see the otaku community welcoming a series that deserves all the support possible.. Leaving aside controversies is important, it doesn't matter which ...
What a Masterpiece. The following review is only gonna contain spoilers for S1, no important S2 details. I‘m new to writing reviews, so sorry if the structure of my review might be a bit mixed.. . . After Attack on Titan ended and many fans of AoT claimed Code Geass to be a similar beautiful piece of art, it piqued my Interest and gave it a try. They weren‘t wrong.. . Lelouch is a great Main Character. Cold-headed and smart when needed, but not the series does not forget that he is a human with his own vulnerable points too. Another great thing is that all of the side ...
Edgerunners is a great anime, from the soundtrack to the art style Trigger nailed the sort of dystopian cyberpunk atmosphere that the game has. Every episode is intense with crazy high octane action and a plot that is entertaining enough to keep you interested when things aren't blowing up. The characters are all likable in their own way and many were well fleshed out through their backstory. The soundtrack is absolutely perfect for the show and it fits the art style very well. The art style itself is fantastic as well, backgrounds are detailed and the action scenes all flow very nicely, the way Trigger ...
This is a real diamond in the rough. If ever there was proof that the average MAL enjoyer has no taste, this is it. 6.75 rating for what should be 8.00+. Criminally underrated, everybody needs to give this one a try.. . A real visual treat, the special effects are great and all fight scenes are dynamic, visceral and most importantly quite original. The colour is pallet is bright and happy, there's an adventurous sort of vibe to the animation.. . The characters are funny, interesting, obey the familiar tropes and explore new ones. Dialogue is witty and emotionally mature when it needs to be. The lead ...
Recommended only when you cant relate with a single feeling of what do you think is going to happen.. The animation is pretty good.. You can't ask for huge development because lack of communication is the main topic. For you to accept the reasons why it is done this way, your feelings have to interpret the decision making of each character. The characters are quite well done, with everything that is known about them is how much the main character interacts with them.. It would have been really more interesting watching the outgoing of a sad ending.. This is the only point where I can say its kinda ...
I was watching this show on release, but I dropped it after some overly horny comedy moments in episode 6 that were honestly very cringe. Luckily I gave it another shot, because that does not define the show at all. There is some lame anime stuff like that, but this show is also chock-full of heart. Each character is very compelling, and the mysteries at the core of the plot give the story a very strong drive. Honestly gets more and more engrossing the more you watch.. . Something else I wanted to mention is this show does a particularly great job at blending episodic and serialized ...
this anime is one of the first that i ever watched so it holds a special place in my heart. the story is as basic as it gets as it is a slice of life after all. i really enjoyed everything, from the characters to the somewhat ridiculous power that they have and yeah thats it. just a good anime to watch if you haven't watched it already. i give this a kanna out of 10 as she is a cool character. (i am not a pedo i swear). . i need to add keywords or something so ignore the wall of text coming up.... . (Is the ...
this anime is the mona lisa of anime in my opinion. (at least until something like vagabond or a good berserk anime comes out). cyberpunk edging runners is one of the most life changing animes that i have ever watched as it made me want to buy and play cyberpunk 2077 and for good reason. if the world of cyberpunk is this unique, crazy, psychoed up to release this god tier anime.. then what is the base game like, and omg it lives up to the hype that was generated by this anime. i loved the story, the characters, just everything about this anime is ...
This might be the LONGEST review I will ever do on this website, like I believe it's bigger than your average college course essay but hear me out. THIS IS MY FAVORITE ANIME OF ALL TIME.. . Now I'll admit I’ve seen other anime that are better than this show. But I've yet to see another anime that has really impacted my life the same way this show has. Like every time I come back to Black Lagoon I get so fucking hype once the song Red Fraction by MELL starts playing in the intro. And my love for this show just comes right back to ...
Do it yourself is a unique, original anime and it has many side's that made it unique. I'm going to talk about 6 things that I noticed while watching.. . Firstly, the building ideas' creativeness. The fact that the club house was once done by the early club members is interesting. Also anime explains how it works and processes it carefully. The final product of them has wonderful details and this makes it original itself, just as Serufu mentioned.. . Secondly, the idea of team work's importance. The club gains it's members day-by-day, even members who cannot join this officially became interested and decided to be a part ...
A young girl sees the spirits of those who have not yet moved on from this world or cannot otherwise find peace. What's more is that these incorporeal entities are terrifying in appearance and while they are normally unable to interact directly with the world, the spirits that remain are capable of touching those who can see them, and so Mieruko cannot ever acknowledge their existence - easier said than done.. . Mieruko-chan is a story about how the protagonist copes with her ability to see terrible and monstrous figures while trying to figure out what she can do to better repel spirits from herself or avoid ...
The Vision of Escaflowne tries to juggle a lot of different balls, and basically succeeds. Firstly, it's a good old fashioned fantasy adventure serial with goodies and baddies and sword fights and monsters and thrilling escapes and all that exciting stuff. Bound up with that is the fact that it's somewhat of a mecha series, with the magically powered suits naturally allowing major characters to dominate fight scenes. However, it's also a mystical and rather melancholy series about fate and how it can be fixed or changed, punctuated with a fairly large amount of on screen death and injury. Also it's got a rather shoujo-esque ...
I'll make this quick. . Saiki season 2 is literally more of the same.. . Did you like Saiki before? Good you'll like season 2.. . Expect more new wacky characters (including best girl sorry teruhashi) and more wacky situations.. . There's nothing at all different here except Saiki has to accept that he can't hide his powers from everybody.. . ...
Don't be put off by the way the mc seems to be dumb, and centered around a girls, he grows.. . For me this is like if someone put together Tokyo Revengers and HiGH&LOW the series but added to this some different flavours so it's not repeating either one, just some minor similarities.. . The art is good not gonna lie it was what made me check it out and I was pretty much sold by it alone because for me if I don't enjoy it it's not worth my time. The story also isn't as predictable as it seems from first few episodes.. . It seems at ...
The disastrous life of Saiki K is a hilarious and genius slice of life supernatural comedy.. . As I've stated before reviewing comedies is difficult as we have to focus on the humor and not the overall plot. But Saiki is different as it has actual plot progression. New characters are introduced or events occur that carry over to episodes after.. . The plot of Saiki follows an ultra powerful God level psychic named Saiki whom tries his best to conceal his powers from society and live a normal life while attending school.. . His powers include PK, Telepathy, teleportation, clairvoyance, invisibility, pyrokinesis, super strength and many many more. ...
A fancy surroundings from MMORPG-like world, fire openings, nice background music, fantastic story and really good jokes.. . This isekai brings a lot of fancy things together and make them work in a really interesting way. Since first season we could watch journey of main "hero" but from the bad side of the story.. . The 4th season is quite an exception in the entire story - or possibly the beginning of something even more interesting? I probably didn't have an episode where I wouldn't laugh at least a bit. Those situations and jokes are something that will catch you off guards and make you enjoy few hours ...
I've watched this anime without seeing the original version, I don't think it's too bad to watch.. Therefore I have several conclusions about this anime.. . The character designs are inconsistent in my opinion, sometimes from certain angles the characters' faces look strange, I know this is an old school anime, whether on purpose or not.. . The storyline which in my opinion has no final goal, Each episode is just filled with protecting items from ancient times.. Especially for the last episode, it's really unclear, it just ends like that, this makes me disappointed.. . It's a shame that this anime only has six episodes, this is another shortcoming in story telling. ...
This anime is absolutely beautiful, slow-paced and perfectly detailed. The characters are memorable and emotion-filled; the slice of life is at its peak. It reminds me of both the first season of Mushoku Tensei and Red Dead Redemption 2.. . The pacing and the feeling of adventure reminds me a lot of the first season of Mushoku Tensei, how magical and fantasy-like everything feels; it's truly wonderful. The slow pace reminded me of Red Dead Redemption 2, a game I started and dropped just like Frieren, and took back after a couple of months, and I'm so glad I did, since today Red Dead Redemption 2 ...
It is first time writing a review of any of any anime I've watched so far probably 300+ I don't know how to say but this is one the best anime or you could say that the best anime I ever watched it have everything that you need funny moments, op movement, emotional I know some people who didn't like the anime are those who have not watched many anime they just watch which is in trending saying it is the anime of the year if this anime doesn't get anime of year tag so that only mean they do not what good anime is ...
I heard of this anime of this anime before but I never took the time to watch it until now. Afro Samurai doesn't have the best plot or characters but the excellent animation and style elevates this anime. Afro Samurai has some of the best animations I've ever seen in a anime. The voice work is also good. The highlight is Samuel L Jackson's voicing both Afro and Ninja Ninja but the other voice actors do a good job. The characters in Afro Samurai aren't excellent but they're not insufferable so it doesn't ruin the experience. The action is pretty fun to watch with all ...
I think it's incredible how this anime has a simple story of love between teenagers, but it manages to convey a feeling of realism that was rarely seen before. The truth is that this is not an easy anime to watch, nor can I recommend it, as there is nothing special about it, but when you watch it, you understand the reasons why it is an excellent anime, in its subtleties, in its depth of the relationships between the characters, in the love, respect and affection between them, you can feel all of this, because it is very real. If you're looking for a real ...
Let me paint a picture for you: Kimi Zero—an anime that whispers of inconsequential teenage romance. 🌸. . This delightful series delves into themes of love, social isolation, and family fractures. At first glance, I admit, it seemed a tad unrealistic. I mean, don’t we all secretly hope that if we like someone, they might just like us back? But alas, reality doesn’t always play along—cue the wry laughter! 😄. . Now, let’s talk characters. Runa, oh Runa! She’s a gem—far from perfect, mind you. She tiptoes on the tightrope between adulthood and youthful innocence. Her quirks? Endearing. Her cuteness? Off the charts. 🌟. . And then there’s Ryuto. Initially, he’s ...
Personally, I absolutely loved Bocchi. It does have a few minor flaws, but they’re so insignificant that it’s almost as if they don’t exist. I’d say this anime has the best music (especially for rock enthusiasts!). Speaking of Gotoh, I really enjoyed seeing the world through her perspective. For introverts, it feels a bit like that—being afraid of saying the wrong thing and facing judgment. I’ve changed, and throughout the anime, Bocchi has also evolved. I can’t wait to see what else she’ll discover about herself. All the other girls are pretty cool too. Overall, it’s no wonder the anime has such a high rating. ...
There's an *edge* to Mushoku Tensei that made it stand above the abundance of adventure fantasy shows. The story is essentially a second chance at life - as all isekai should be. As someone who loves fantasy genre, but find "most" anime under this tag to be one-noted (especially +ecchi), I'm honestly impressed by the MC's journey here.. . Character (8). Rudeus is a reincarnation of 35 y/o otaku who hated his past self & he really took the time to learn & live fuller. While he's smarter than most at his age & quite smug about it, but he still need to put in the effort. ...
If you don't want to get Diabetes, then do not watch this show. Because this show will overload you with wholesome moments that you will cherish for quite a while in your head. Every time, you think about those moments, a smile will appear on your face. Sometimes you need to take a break from action-heavy animes that keep you on the edge of your seat or psychological animes that will scoop out all your brain juice. Sometimes you are going through a tough time in your life. You need to take a break, you need to unwind and relax. This anime gives you all ...
Having decided to watch this anime out of pure boredom, I didn't know what to expect. God, what a beautiful discovery. Black Jack turned out to be a fantastic surprise, a dark and dark series full of melancholy with an incredible protagonist. The plot of the episodes varies from episode to episode, as the latter are self-contained.. . The story features Black Jack as the protagonist, a disbarred and unlicensed doctor who wanders the world in search of patients ready to spend crazy amounts of money to be treated. A fairly simple plot that develops with self-contained episodes. All different but with the common thread of our ...
An absolute fucking blast of emotions. . A lot of depth and relatability can be grasped from this anime, maybe not in the sense of gambling related per say, but in the sense of personal struggle and wishing to get a fresh start.. . I absolutely loved this anime, if not for my friends recommendation, I would have kept sleeping on this masterpiece.. . It is an absolutely gorgeous anime story wise, as unlike a good deal of other anime, it does not let neither the fact who the main character is nor the fact that he is the main character NOR the fact that there are more episodes ...
This is the continuation of everyday lives of the people under the Arakawa bridge. There's no plot direction, it only presents the comedic interactions between the characters and their everyday lives. That being said, this is not a bad anime considering it has no plot, because the everyday lives of the characters is the strongpoint as to why this anime is worth watching. In addition, there's also no significant character development from season 1. One thing to note, there are new characters that were introduced which adds a new flavor of interaction with already a good cast of characters. All in all, this is a ...
I recomend to watch the anime cause for the people this isnt relatable gives you a good idea of how this lifestyle it is.. Spoiler?. If you expect something cliché to happen to give the anime a plotwist, let me tell you i doesnt happen.. Thats what makes this anime realistic, so the escense of the anime its every chapter and each problem that tomoko goes throught.. So maybe the lack of a completely turn around of the serie its something for you to see how this lifestyle is really. Like a punch of reality on the stomach for you to see how its really you life (if ...
This is a review of both seasons.. . "𝙏𝙝𝙚𝙨𝙚 𝙢𝙤𝙢𝙚𝙣𝙩𝙨 𝙢𝙖𝙠𝙚 𝙢𝙮 𝙥𝙧𝙚𝙝𝙞𝙨𝙩𝙤𝙧𝙞𝙘 𝙗𝙡𝙤𝙤𝙙 𝙖𝙬𝙖𝙠𝙚𝙣". . Who would have imagined that a show about philosophy would turn into a stereotypical crime drama? Murder, guns, and mafia battles. To be honest, it was a little unsettling to watch a shoot-em-up action movie confront both itself and the audience. The show disregards morality, but unlike most shows, it does it directly in our faces rather than using the tactic of "Oh, it's just the enemy." Bloodbaths go beyond what is considered "ethical" in Hollywood. But maybe they were supposed to be served like this. A little too spicy. It does feel nice ...
This was a very high quality show, I was seriously not expecting this. See the story is decent it's not the best, but it's enough to keep you interested, but the thing that pulls and carries this show is all the other things that every other anime misses. It's art was top notch, it didn't use trashy looking cgi for monsters and real drawn monsters and the layout of the theater at episode 10 I think was just beautiful, it was like an art piece that came to life. It's character development and character relationship was also developed really well, you could see the characters ...
Balsa is truth. Balsa is light. Balsa is mommy.. . The manga/anime industry aren't exactly the most feminist enterprises out there. We have big tittied monster girls and high-pitched "oni-chan"s. Over time I have come to appreciate the fan service (tasteful or untasteful) as part of the experience. But then Balsa comes along.. . Seirei no Moribito is a fantasy story about a traveling female warrior, Balsa. She is tasked with protecting a prince with a tragic curse. According to legends, he must sacrificed in order to prevent calamity to the country. There is no villain in this story. Every single character is nuanced and fleshed out. The ...
I'm going to make this short because there's no need to be long-winded about such an unserious anime. Also, no, I have not seen the anime this is based off of, Soultaker. I'm basing this review on Nurse Witch alone, since Soultaker is not required viewing to watch Nurse Witch.. . The show is a parody of the magical girl genre, particularly that of the early moé boom. There are references to many other anime and live action dramas (Evangelion, Macross, Anime Tenchou, Sailor Suit and Machine Gun, etc.) throughout. If you find referential humor funny, especially otaku-media references, you'll probably enjoy Nurse Witch.. . The character designs ...
[SPOILER WARNING, SPOILERS AHEAD]. . "Devilman Crybaby" is a psychedelic exploration of human nature, love, and the age-old philosophical debate surrounding morality and the ambiguous nature of good and evil. Directed by Masaaki Yuasa, the series brings to life the iconic characters from Go Nagai's original work in the 70s, while also adding its own unique twists and interpretations.. . The characters of Akira and Ryo serve as powerful symbols, each embodying contrasting worldviews that propel the narrative of the series. Akira Fudo, the protagonist, starts as a compassionate and gentle soul. His empathy and kindness are evident in his relationships and interactions with others. However, his transformation into ...
I'll get straight to the point: I like it so far! It's a combination of 'The Devil Works Part-Time', 'Kaguya-sama: Love is War', and 'My Dress-Up Darling'. More specifically, it has a similar premise and vibe to 'Devil Works Part-Time', the romance-related comedy of 'Kaguya-sama', and the sweet, but sexual tension of 'Dress-Up Darling'. If you enjoyed these three anime, then I would at least give it a chance!. Based on other reviews, this show does not follow the manga well, especially it's ecchi scenes. I would agree that this anime is definitely more romance than ecchi. However, it can get a little spicy at ...
This show is definitely my thing. Let's divide it up by seasons the way Funimation does. The first season begins in an uncertain atmosphere, darkening the audience's mood and revealing only parts of Ciel's life two years after the meeting with Sebastian. We get to know the characters and how they interact with each other, then some 5 minutes on the introductory video we see Ciel naked with a red cloth and he seems to be talking with a crow. The story, however, is leisurely paced with the focus being on the characters and their conversations.. . Others exist only to provide the needed comic relief. Bardroy's ...
Who would have thought that an isekai-inspired fantasy anime would contain a decent romance?. . Personally, I can no longer see this child romance in which holding hands and calling each other by their first names is the greatest thing in the world.. . On the surface, the plot is typically fsntasy/iseksi rpg themed. Big bad demon king wants to conquer the world and the heroes want to defeat him.. But this is only the secondary basic setting of world building. Because the hero doesn't play the main role here, which is refreshing.. . Although the title suggests a rather quiet/funny setting, the plot seems to have a lot ...
A little bit too long but I recommend this if you want to watch something very different from what Japanese productions usually deliver. This in summary is a an anime made by a half Japanese, half french production about a star ship racing championship that will lead to an ultimate prize. The aliens, ships and art style is very unique and well thought and although the main plot gets boring quickly and the main villain is kind of generic the suspense is interesting enough to keep you going and the deliver at the end is quite better than I expected.
Goblin Slayer II doesn’t really have much of an interesting story to tell.. That's mainly because season 1 already did a good job at telling what needed to be told. And things were wrapped up pretty nicely.. . They pad out the story of season 2 by focusing on things that aren't really that interesting.. Like the priestess wanting to go up in rank. Or some new brat who wants to kill goblins but dislikes the Goblin Slayer. Or attending the wedding of some elf.. Its just a bunch of different plots... featuring the Goblin Slayer.. . Season 2 is much more generic and watered down. It adds absolutely nothing ...
Maybe because I have been wading through a lot of anime mediocrity and trash lately, but this anime felt refreshing how it doesn't force feed you exposition. I even like that in the first episode there were flashbacks to people I don't know with no explanation except the main character grimaced in remorse and sorrow while having said flashbacks. I knew these people were important to him and gone. A good case of showing and not telling that stays true through most of the anime.. . After fighting a long war, the protagonist is sent back to high school. This is the fantasy magic high school ...
Beautiful scenery, great ambiance, amazing visuals and ost.. . Sousou no Frieren is an very calm and slowly progressive fantasy anime, with great characters, being the protagonist an elf, where the idea of it aging slowly is developed. The dramas are kinda childish but not bad at all, since they mostly happen between the teen duo while Frieren gives the more responsible adult vibe to the show.. . Its a realy chill anime to watch, kinda like an episodic kind of anime, which there are 2 small storys per episode where the main cast is developed. There are also some arcs in the anime, like the demon arc and ...
I honestly liked this anime. It was cute, fluffy, funny and serious. I mean, what's more to love about this anime. It delivers on its promise. Being fluffy. And if you can't take cuteness or fluffiness for any reason, then this anime clearly is not for you!. . The animation and art style was good. I liked it. Although it gets a bit repetitive after a while, it is still good.. . The character development is kinda nonexistent until you reach the halfway point I think? However, after you have reached that point, the character development grows slightly. Especially the last episode I think.. . The story is ...
you can see a common theme with all the people who hated it in the reviews. they all watched under 5 episodes which is exactly what i would have thought because even the manga starts slow. or "bad" if you can call it. its just that in manga form you read very fast and you pass it quickly. but in anime form i understand why people hated it because it was the same for me both with the manga and the original series. its takes time for the story to get interesting. quite alot of time to be honest. which is why i still had ...
Kekkai Sensen peaked my interest because of the soundtrack. And let me tell you, that was one of the best jazzy and blues-y OSTs I've ever heard. Additionally, I'd added soundtrack to the second season last year, not knowing that it was made for this show (yes, I'm gonna watch next season too).. . I LOVED the friendship between Leo, Zapp and Zed. This was the best thing in the whole show tbh. Their dark bloody humour balancing the naive Leo's, arrogant Zapp's and straightforward Zed's natures. Nonetheless, other characters didn't catch my eye, sadly (as well, as the art - it wasn't something wauw).. . Coming to the ...
Fluffy Paradise: another one of the many isekai-type shows that come out each season, with a slight twist. Instead of focusing on the usual 'becoming the strongest' trope, the main character's goal is to pet as many cute animals as possible, which eventually transitions into saving as many cute monsters and animals as she can manage. Quite light-hearted and fun, good to focus on or as background noise, but by no means a masterpiece or one of the best of the Winter 2024 season. Although, some parts of the later episodes do hit quite hard, and I found myself tearing ...
A silent voice is a pretty emotionally heavy movie that is packed quite densely with different events that happen. At thirty minutes in I felt halfway done and at the halfway point I thought it was near the end of the movie. I was glad the story kept going though since it was a good movie.. . The story is about bullying and trauma so the assigned genre of drama is most definitely appropriate. The way the story is told is neat, oftentimes you aren't experiencing the story through the main character, but rather see what he experiences and how he ends up reacting to those ...
Simply putting, Shiguang Dailiren or Link Click is a show about two guys who work together to go back in time and do according to the requests of the client. The premise is simple but the plot isn't so much. This anime enters the matter directly within 5 minutes of start, without explanation about what is happening at all. It spares you of the technical understanding of the characters and their abilities right away and instead the viewers learn what it's all about by their own most of the time.. . Now, Its been a while since i REALLY got so into a show's plot. No, really ...
This ova is underrated among anime fans, when I saw rating on this site I thought it’s gonna be feeble, but I was so wrong, gladly it’s more well regarded by western media fans, and this movie is really special for me as a person that grew up watching pixel arts and Vaporwave graphics art on tumblr, the only thing I can say about art, it’s amazing and beautiful, colors and concepts are incredible typical for 80s, full of colors and bizarre and characters design is cool, unique and also really detailed, with no doubt I can proudly say it’s strong suit for this movie.. second ...
What is happening? What looks like another rinse and repeat romcom about the "loser" protagonist getting the popular girl ACTUALLY has decent characters and develops the romance without tedious fan service or comedic relief bait and switches?!?!? Are we in an alternate universe?. . The Dangers In My Heart started off a little rocky, with Season 1 mainly being concluded as "decent" at least for me. I didn't really like Ichikawa and Yamada was definitely leaning on the more generic side of female protagonists for romcoms. Solid season, nothing noteworthy however. Now in comes Season 2. Usually, you find the second season of the generic anime romcom ...
I watched this out of curiosity more than anything else, but I've gotta say I've found it to be much better than I thought it would be, despite its flaws. Here's my take on it:. . STORY] (7.5/10). The story starts off seemingly ok, but after the first episode it starts to show all its potential: it's the story of a woman struggling in a feudal society where everybody has more power than her, forcing her to play all her cards correctly in order to make the best out of the (not so good) situation. The show tries to recreate a credible court environment set in ancient china ...
Spoiler-less, TL;DR, fast, simple, and easy-to-digest review:. . Muscle, Magic, M-Shenanigans!. . 10/10. . Animation? Excellent (+++). Although not on par with other GOAT animations (like JJK, Kimetsu no Yaiba, and others), the art style and animation fit with the humor of this show.. . Characters? Good (++). ...
Fate/Zero is the prequel to Fate/Night and is recommended to be watched first. . The first episode is 1 hour long just for the record.. . The story of fate/zero to put it simple is mages who make contracts with mythological and long dead villains, rulers and kings thoughout history and utilize them in battle all to win the "holy grail" a magical item capable of granting any wish that appears every several years.. . The story follows several different mages and shows their viewpoints rather then focusing on 1 person. none of them are the "hero" of the story as they all have ulterior motives and will ...
Spy x Family Movie: Code: White is a fun, simple, and enjoyable movie despite being filler. It is not really a heavy and convoluted movie; in fact, the plot is simple yet not tedious (in my opinion). The way the conflict is presented in the movie and how the characters would resolve it is presented in a direct manner. It is a fun watch, and it has the charm that Spy x Family had in the anime.. . I'd like to talk about the writing of the characters in this movie! Although I wish the movie tackled more about the antagonist's backstory, I don't see any ...
52 cards exist, each and every one of them grants a unique power by it's chosen player two sides fight over it's power. This is the beginning of a new war thats lasted centuries.. . The premise of Highcard is that two groups are fighting over 52 *actually* magical cards that grant unique abilities to those that wield them. These abilities range from conjuring up a gun or sword to literal immortality or turning people into marbles by touch, these cards fetch an extremely high price on the market and those who wield them gain unbelievable powers. However the cards choose the wielder and they cannot ...
There's just one thing and the only thing that puts AniManga media totally on a different level when in comparison with other media. More or less, that thing is the limitless boundaries that AniManga has, it is what it is. This media has brought me so many things yet it keeps giving. Gifts, if I bother to be polite. Frieren is definitely a Gift. Frieren is limitless.. Politeness has something in common with being expressionless (kinda?). Frieren is said to be expressionless by many and many others, but I dare to say it is a polite and calm one! Simply being a simple story, with polite ...
This movie isn't for everyone; personally, in fact, I consider it the anti-film. In the sense that it is a dull, pessimistic, slow film that most would define as boring. The protagonists are apathetic and do nothing to change their situation within the film. Furthermore, every key moment, every twist or revelation is greeted coldly. Plus, the action scenes, especially for a war film, are very few. Essentially the anti-film. But that couldn't further from the truth. This is not the anti-film, this is the film. An absolutely incredible experience that will take your breath away and leave you speechless.. . The story is about the Kildren, ...
Spoiler-less, TL;DR, fast, simple, and easy-to-digest review:. . Rainy, Family, Bond... James Bond. . 8/10. . Animation? Excellent (+++). Although slightly better than the 2nd one, I think this season brought the best art style and animation the series can offer.. . Characters? Good (++). ...
Spoiler-less, TL;DR, fast, simple, and easy-to-digest review:. . Summer-y, Delightful, Family. . 8/10. . Animation? Good (++). Same as the previous season. It is good but not the best.. . Characters? Ok (+). ...
Spoiler-less, TL;DR, fast, simple, and easy-to-digest review:. . Harmonious, Joyfully, Lovely. . 9/10. . Animation? Good (++).. Although imperfect, the art style and mood are great to the eyes.. . Characters? Excellent (+++). ...
A fun romp. Don't go in expecting much of a story. It's definitely more about the characters interacting and the wacky scenarios. Has a lot of great moments and Umaru is hilarious. They manage to make you sympathetic to her brother while also making her super silly to the point you can't actually hate her.. . My favorite character is Sylphine. Steals any scene she's in. Her dynamic with Umaru as a classmate vs UMR as a mentor figure really helps to develop her character by the end of the show.. . I actually like the dub for this show too. It's not half bad.
Hands down the funniest anime I've watched. Something about the characters in this show really works and there's no points where I feel like any of them are unnecessary or irrelevant.. . Osaka and Chiyo are a great comedic pairing, and Tomo is a delight whenever she's on screen. Yomi works as a straight man to most of the antics, while Sakaki is easily my favorite. Her running gag and simple desire to just be near cats (while they hate her) is my favorite part of the entire show. Kagura's pretty great, like her a lot too.. . Best characters are, however, the teachers. Either one. They steal the ...
I think that Ichikawa's a bit of an annoying kid, but that's why I like him as an MC. Many of these shows go with bland "insert yourself here" main characters for the fact that they want the predominantly male audience to project themselves into the story. But this show gives the main character a lot of negative personality traits that makes his development into a better person capable of communicating his feelings REALLY satisfying. It's a relief to say that I can actually list traits about him, and not just default to "he's a male in a RomCom, he's a blank slate" etc.. . Yamada, of ...
Every negative review about this anime here on MAL, goes on about the slow pacing or how long the recap is, which remain correct but still they let these factors have such a great impact on their overall rating of the entirety of the anime. I personally feel as though the slow pacing is needed in an anime all about high intensity situations so you can really feel that sense of urgency, that the characters would be experiencing, which I feel as though the animators and writers did a great job at portraying that.. . Back to the long recaps, the recaps are not that long ...
Right of the bat, I will say that the story is weird and I don't mean in a bad way. Weird in a sense that, it follows no cliche story telling that the viewers are usually presented. This anime offers a pure comedy, light romance and slice-of-life experience to the viewers. In addition, this Anime doesn't have a plot as it shows the everyday lives of the people that lives under the Arakawa bridge. As for the characters, each of them offers a unique comedic way that induce the viewers from the day to day interaction within each episodes. Overall, Arakawa Under the Bridge is ...
A young witch moves to her uncle's rural homestead for a change of scenery and to study her magic independently as a practitioner coming into her own. She finds a simple lifestyle in this new and beautiful region, and her presence brings a bit of enchantment to the lives of all those around her.. . This is a slice-of-life show where absolutely nothing happens, and it all happens with a touch of magic. It is the day-to-day life of a young witch doing mundane things and the odd act of witchery. There is no romance, there is no drama, there is no action; there is friendship, kinship, ...
Mouryou No Hako, which stands for "Box of Evil Spirits," is an anime series that is set in postwar Japan and focuses on a dark mystery. The plot portrays a team of detectives as they try to clarify the confusing case of dismembered bodies found in boxes with girls from the school. The main feature of the plot, which carries a number of mystical threads from Shinto, is the intricate, non-linear plot which is full of the surreal or psychological scenes. While the anime will be entertaining, it will also be thought provoking but, requires an engaged mind to understand its subtle ins and outs.. . The ...
I want to share how great this series is that I've been watching for the past few days and it's called Melodies. It has been around for about 16 years now, and I can assure you, it is a real gem.. . Now, if you know another series, The World God Only Knows, you are probably thinking that they have some points in common, but still, they are very different from each other. Initially, both shows may come off as a bit rough around the edges, but by the final season, they really take off.. . The narrative is what I find to be the most appealing aspect about ...
This anime truly has done what no other one was able to achieve - it truly is the greatest anime of all time. I've watched so many by now I've lost count; love Jujutsu Kaisen, HxH etc. I was so weary about it at first and thought "how could it possibly take #1 on MAL" when it started so slow, and is essentially set AFTER the main event of defeating the demon king. It's not overly flashy; it's so much about character development (and all of the ones introduced are great), philosophies and emotions, subtle moments. Essentially the meaning of life in a bittersweet (mostly ...
Hunter x Hunter (2011) is an above-average anime, featuring well-written and developed characters, compelling narrative elements, and satisfactory visuals/animation quality. However, it is not without its drawbacks. The world feels disconnected, with each arc being predominantly standalone and not overly impacting the greater story. Additionally, the penultimate arc suffers from bloating and pacing issues, diminishing the series' momentum. Nevertheless, the core strength of the show lies in its characters, particularly the dynamic interactions between Gon and Killua. The narrative is well thought out, with characters constantly developing and discovering more of the world alongside the viewer. The imaginative power system adds depth, featuring a plethora ...
I recommend this anime for those of you who are looking for an anime with a theme that is quite relaxing.. That's all there is to it.. . Quite an interesting theme, about a special school for princesses who don't know much about the outside world, so the arrival of "Ordinary People Samples" surprises them.. Although I didn't like some of the stories a little, because there were several conflicts in them.. . I praise the hard work of this anime, the quality of the graphics and the beautiful characters, In my opinion, no characters are excluded here, even if they are NPC characters, they are still neatly made.. . However, unfortunately there ...
I believe that, in addition to Doctor Elise, 7th loop time brought a completely different and innovative Isekai.. . There are two animes where the protagonist is a woman, and both are completely independent of the opinions of others.. . None of her wants or needs approval from any man to take control of her own life. Richie is a determined girl and, as she has lived 6 other lives before this one, she wants to make the most of what she has to offer, in addition to using ALL the knowledge obtained throughout her 6 past lives.. doing the math, it totals 30 ...
This is my first review, please forgive any mistakes.. . I saw the first episode and immediately went to devour the manga, the work is sensational!. . And honestly, the adaptation is sensational... they are putting parts in the anime that are very good and that positively complement the anime... for me the work is a 10/10.... . they could have ended this season with 25 episodes, or would it keep uninterrupted, because content to adapt, they have. . I believe that anyone who gives the anime their first chance won't regret it, because in each episode, all the scenes and the animation itself are sensational.
The most important thing to know going into this is that it serves as set up for the great parts that follow it. Jojo’s as a series is phenomenal and this season is easily the weakest of the bunch. The characters in these parts are great but what holds this season back is, ironic to the name, its simplicity. The vampires and century old advanced humans that are the villains throughout the parts are fun personality wise but too basic throughout combat and as villains to be considered something that really puts this anime on top. The main villain of each part is just a ...
Hoshikozu Telepath was a late 2023 anime from Studio Gokumi based off of a manga by Ookuma Rasuko. I have reviewed some Gokumi anime before: Yuuki Yuuna wa Yusha de Aru, Tonari no Kyuuketsuki-san, A-Channel and the god awful Dansai Bunri no Crime Edge. Let's hope this is more like the other stuff I've reviewed of theirs and not that one.. . Story:. . Konohoshi Umika is an incredibly awkward girl who doesn't fit in with people in general. I relate. She dreams about going into space and meeting aliens who will understand her. I still relate. Her life is turned upside down when a strange girl arrives ...
My overall take: A unique Doraemon film that may not be everyone's cup of tea, but I quite like it.. . In this movie, Nobita and his friends create their own universe as part of a school project, learning about the history of the Earth and humanity along the way. In some ways, this may be the most unusual Doraemon movie of all, given that it largely consists of a series of vignettes with the main characters mostly observing (and occasionally interfering with) what happens. Although I probably wouldn't want every Doraemon movie to follow this format, I like what they did here, and as a paleontologist, ...
All the people who write this show is all about a girl bullying an upperclassman and that it's mean or problematic and that he's the butt of all jokes and that the show is ecchi and all these other weird comments/reviews - either haven't watched it or have zero emotional understanding and really need to interact with people more.. . From nearly the very beginning it is clearly shown that her so-called "bullying" or more like "teasing" might be a better word, is her way of trying to instigate interactions with him because she instantly had feelings for him but she is also extremely embarrassed about it ...
Rightfully deserving of anime of the year. An adaptation that is leagues better than its source material. It can move you, it will quench your need for action filled with blood and guts. One of the few pieces of media where tons of gore is not only done well but also a major charm of the show. The original story incorporates itself into the universe of Cyberpunk 2077 flawlessly with numerous callbacks to the game that are subtle but noticeable if you know what you’re looking for.. . The characters have their own quirks and personalities that makes you feel attached to every one of them. The ...
My overall take: A solid remake that capitalizes on the original's strengths.. . This is a remake of Nobita's Little Star Wars (1985), in which Nobita and his friends meet some tiny aliens and help them overthrow a dictatorship. I think this version does a decent job of not only retaining but expanding on the strengths of the original, such as giving all the main characters active roles in the story. There are even more scenes here focusing on Suneo and how he feels about being dragged into yet another dangerous adventure. The protagonists also get to spend more time with Papi, their most prominent new ally ...
My overall take: One of my favorite Doraemon movies, a thrilling adventure that takes some unexpected turns.. . In this movie, Nobita creates a world where magic exists. He and his friends then have to fight literal demons. Out of the Doraemon films I saw when I was little, this one may well have been my favorite, and I think it still holds up very well on a rewatch. It's certainly one of the most thrilling adventures in the series, with an eerie mystery set up at the beginning of the story and a couple of potentially surprising twists and turns in the plot.. . There are still quibbles ...
Fun and underrated. . If you watch expecting a big war anime you're gonna be disapointed, its good but not something that will change your life or make you fall in love with it. Overall, its good, animation are very well made and consistent, these big ass machines really look scary and mix well fantasy with something that could happen in real life. The characters are fun too, so thats good. . Overall, its good as long as you're able to relax and enjoy some fun, trying to get a full on serious war anime out of this one will just make you mad and unable to enjoy the show
My overall take: Improves on the original and gives a good sense of what to expect from Doraemon films.. . This is a remake of Nobita and the Haunts of Evil (1982), in which Nobita and his friends explore Central Africa and discover a hidden civilization. First things first: although I cannot speak to their cultural representation, the character designs of the Indigenous African people in this version are substantially improved compared to the caricatures in the original.. . On the whole, I think this is a competent remake that keeps most of what made the original film good, being a decently engaging family-friendly adventure movie that makes good ...
This show changed my life. I have gained a new perspective on life after watching this show. I never knew how fortunate I am to be born during this generation when masterpieces like this are being produced. 10/10 watch, would watch again 100 times. For 10 years at least!!!. Nitrofire11111 over and out!!. . Yes, "Ousama Game: The Animation" is an anime adaptation of the Japanese mystery horror novel "Ousama Game" written by Nobuaki Kanazawa. The anime follows a high school class that becomes involved in a deadly game orchestrated by a mysterious entity known as the "King." Each student receives orders via text message from the King, ...
One of the first anime to ever make me ugly cry. Every character is like able and despite this anime being clearly fictional, there are still many parallels that can be made between real life school experiences from the characters to some of problems the characters face, other than the giant yellow teacher of course. Every character is likable in their own way, even the ones with very little dialogue. The primary plot is unique and enjoyable with various curveballs to mix things up. Slice of life meets action is a thing that this anime perfects. One of my favorite anime of all time with ...
"Mind Game" is an expansive journey through the complexities of life, beautifully brought to life through Yuasa's experimental and psychedelic animation. The film delves into the theme of embracing life's endless possibilities, showcasing how even the most insignificant of lives can transform with self-expression. The protagonist, Nishi, initially portrayed as a “loser” with unfulfilled desires and somebody who lived through life in a disassociated manner as expressed by his work of being a mangaka. Nishi embarks on a surreal adventure after a brush with the Japanese mafia. Through twists and turns that take him to heaven, Nishi discovers profound truths about existence and the subjective ...
Viewer discretion is advised. This anime contains rape. Aswell as other brutal scenes.. . Its the story of a man known as Goblin Slayer. He is called that because he slays, you guessed it, Vampires...i mean Goblins.. And that’s all he slays, goblins. Its an obsession of his ever since his village was attacked by goblins and had to witness awful things being done to his older sister.. . The goblins are like an infestation. They are small but multiply quickly and are very dangerous in large quantities.. They slaughter men, rape women, and eat them.. Many new adventures underestimate the goblins, and those who live through it are traumatized for ...
TSTLR is not a bad anime. It's just painfully generic.. . It's still an entertaining watch. The premise is that in an MMO like world (complete with skills and stats) a guy who plays the role of a tank has an ultra powerful magical shield with 9999 defense. . In this world they raid labyrinths that appear and the goal is to defeat the boss who will grant you a wish upon defeating them. . The main character Rud has no personality whatsoever or charm. He does have a sister complex however and his wish is for his sister to feel better because she suffers from some ailment. His ...
Comedy and action perfect for someone new to anime.. . Story 6/10. The series is a lot more comedy and action driven than story driven. The story is as bare-bones as can be but compensates with loads of action and comedy.. . Art 9/10. The animation is often the same as any other series and only goes beyond in fight scenes, luckily there is quite a lot of fighting. What really caught my interest on the art side are the character designs. There are so many characters in different art styles. To list a few, Saitama is in the style of Mob Psycho, some characters look like they were ripped straight ...
I simply don’t understand how this got a 4.88/10 rating.. . As someone who does NOT judge based on animation at all (it never factors into my overall scoring, and is at least partially a studio budget competition in my view), I thought an input solely based on narrative factors would be in order here.. . Story: 8/10. . At this movie’s core is a simple (not the most unique, yet not blatantly uninspired either) dimensional travel story done with marked competency - it doesn’t try to implement too much for its short runtime, ultimately leading to a satisfying conclusion which obeys its own laws with stunning elegancy. My only criticism ...
Yeah, this is the most easy watching Time Travel series ever. but at the same point the plot is made very well that the watchers will not getting bored by the story.. The art style is cute and serious at the same time, it's not too "Moee" and realistic enough for an "adult cast" which makes it adorable.. As a Comedy series the animation is great, even with the TV version (Not BD yet). . Most people said the plot is a bit low at the end but it does not matter, as I said at first you will not get bored by the story. people just setting their ...
I watched this on a whim after nearly a decade of anime and manga hiatus and I'm in love with it.. . Listen, it just... clicks, okay? It's a gem of a series in an ocean of mediocrity ( anime quality isn't what it used to be in general, not in terms of animation or storytelling). Suffice it to say, it takes A LOT to drag me out from this long hiatus, but the Apothecary Diaries has done what I felt was impossible; it recaptured my interest in anime. I've devoured the episodes available and I'm hungry for more.. . I hope, no, I PRAY every ...
Mukashi mukashi... . As a person who loves Japanese history and mythology this hits all the right notes for me.. . Folktales from Japan is what the name implies, it's a show aimed at children that retells folk tales..from Japan.. . Each episode is divided into 3 segments or stories. Sometimes 2 but usually 3.. . Each story uses a different art style. Some look similar but they're almost always different.. . ...
Dungeon cooking is a solid anime.. . The plot revolves around a group of adventurers who have to delve into a dungeon to save the leader's sister who was eaten by a dragon. . This isn't a spoiler as it's literally the sypnosis.. . Along the way they have to kill and eat the denizens of the dungeon.. . You'll see them eat such delicious delicacies such as..ice cream made from ghosts, omelets made from Chimera, and delicious coin bugs that were fried.. . ...
Now singin', bling-bang-bang, bling-bang-bang, bling-bang-bang-born (now singin'). Bling-bang-bang, bling-bang-bang, bling-bang-bang-born (now singin'). Bling-bang-bang, bling-bang-bang, bling-bang-bang-born... . Mashle season 2 follows Mash as he has to compete within the divine visionary competition to qualify for divine visionary. . In season 2 we are introduced to the mentioned existing current divine visionaries as well as Innocent Zero that was mentioned thoughout the first season. . You also meet all the other prospects aiming to become divine visionaries and learn about legendary wands.. . ...
It's hard to explain Mashle because it's so strange but also simple in concept.. . Mashle is the story of Mash Vandead, a boy who cannot do magic in a magical wizarding themed world. But Mash isn't helpless,  he is extremely gifted in physical capabilities and can easily bench 500lbs or jump 200ft into the air.. . Mash's goal is to become divine visionary (a leader of the magical world and one of the most powerful wizards) or he will literally be imprisoned/die by the wizards of the world, In Mash's world those born without magic are considered abominations and trash and they're giving Mash a choice..become ...
Imagine that you are an excited guy, and everytime you see something sexual, you become a horrible monster. Well, that's what "Call Me Tonight", a 1986 OVA, part of the "Pink Noise" series, is about.. . While other parts of the series are more focused on action, psychology or horror, Call Me Tonight just wants you to enjoy a short episode about sexual excitement and monsters.. . Rumi Natsumi, a high-school girl, works at Madonna, a phone sex line that sends girls to meet their costumers in person. One day, she recieves a call from a guy that tells her that he totally loses control when aroused. So, Rumi, ...
Why 8? Because I rate on how much I've enjoyed something, not as an objective or comparative score.. . The premise is straight forward and smells like slop, meaning a cynically pumped out show with little to no variation.. I can't claim that it meaningfully deviates from formulaic isekai-like generic fantasies, because it relies on too many tropes and never feels like a full throated production that people put their passion into, it looks fine, the acting is fine, the music is fine and while none of it is special, it also never disappoints.. . It's a very decent story that has an appreciably slow pace without dragging things ...
Just like the show you see on TV, it has your favorite characters, bannered by the lovable Anya and it allowed her talented parents with their own cinematic moments. It has the bigger budget to animate such incredible moments, like its own version of the Hindenburg disaster and Anya's toilet humor.. . This story was never in the manga, though the author could elect to add it later on. It still made it the right story for a movie you could watch with your brain off for fun, enjoying such plot threads as Loid being cool, Yor being deadly, and Anya being her adorable self, while being ...
A total existential sci-fi anime, shaking hands with A.C. Clarke with the right and Ender Wiggin with the left. The depressing atmosphere holds reliably from start to finish, yet there are a few blemishes. First and foremost is the character confusion, which might not be so great if the motivations or, better yet, the origins of at least the main characters were clearer. But this problem simply arises when filming large-scale prequels. Akira will definitely keep you riveted to the screen, but it didn't take me personally by the heart. Yes, he's certainly and rightfully a legend, but Card and his Wiggin saga leads the ...
While Japan has Shinigami and Hollows, England has witches and dragons, on the one hand it looks like apples and pears, but the acronym SSWB, meaning "Soul Society West Branch" says otherwise. In short, it's Tite Kubo again, you can tell by the character models, with one of the main heroines looking like a more mature (not just in one particular body part) and taller Rukie, and the other heroine being a bit of a copy of Hijori, with a short-haired and taller Orihime, actually Marcy here, and I could go on and on like this.... What's worse is the fact that the Ichigo here, ...
This visually stunning spectacle oscillates between classic and modern vampire horror, post-apocalyptic sci-fi, action, western and romance. A touching, beautiful romance. The banal story has more layers than you'd guess after absorbing the basic info and manages to grab your heart and shake it hard at many points (the final scene is downright heavenly). A few dialogues about the tragic past and the unfortunate fate of the characters certainly don't hamper the speed with which D hurtles forward. Blades spark against each other, music blares, adrenaline soars. And at any moment you can turn your mind away from the action and just marvel. I hadn't ...
This show is overrated albeit I still like it and would recommend it. There isnt a whole lot of CGDCT to choose from lately, so this is about as good as you'll find if you're looking for something somewhat recent in 2024 that isn't a sequel. The show plays heavily on the social anxiety of the MC, and your other usual tropes such as the broke character, character who admires other girl way too much, etc. The girls are cute and the gags enjoyable enough, just not exceptionally so. I love that they're keeping CGDCT alive and relevant, but quite frankly I cannot wrap my ...
Its a wholesome, heartwarming slice of life romance with an endearing female MC and a surprisingly interesting male MC. People dog on this show way too much in the reviews. It might not be as intellectually deep as some of these people want it to be, but these are the same people who point out evangelion had religious themes.. . So here's the bullet points.. . Yes the cochlear implants don't do much its explained that they give her some minor awareness or something.. . Im not deaf but it's the only anime ive seen that actually puts an emphasis on a characters disability.. . No I don't think the FMC ...
5 red headed quintuplets. Such a self serving premise is usually reserved for eroge and hentai. At best my expectations were for a fun show and hopefully they would keep any cringey drama scenes under wraps, a la perhaps a Nise-Koi. Surprise, surprise, the show has a lot of drama, but it is well done or if it has grounds of being bad, the show does it in such a way that I felt as if I was in on the joke and able to enjoy a gag either way and learn about their quirks. In this way, every scene is teaching you more and ...
One of the better seasons of MHA. In my opinion, nothing will ever compare to that first season, but this season comes somewhat close. If you're a shonen fan like me, this season rules. There's so much more action than we're used to, and the major story gets pushed forward a little bit. I'm not going to lie, it feels like the writers are kind of "making it up as they go", as opposed to having a solid plan for the larger series, but that opinion is coming from someone who doesn't read the manga and doesn't know where any of this is going.. . Regardless ...
First time i am writing a review for an anime, gotta say it is one of the best animes that i have ever watched. Thing that i love about Sousou no Frieren is it just doesnt shows who is powerful or who isnt or what a powerful person can do. It show lot of emotions, funny moments and what not it is emotion packed anime with amazing fights and animation thanks to the studio. If ur looking for an anime with all these attributes then Frieren is something that u will never regret watching at all. I am really glad to be able to ...
Well, talking about this anime, I had it on hold because I was watching a lot of anime at the time and wanted to take a break and watch something new. My friends told me to watch it quickly because it is really nice, and now that I've taken a break from it and kept it on hold, I kind of regret it because I can't express how I feel about it. I should have watched it earlier, but it's better late than never. I really like this anime's characters and animation. and how the story develops and expands later on, but I can't wait ...
Your typical isekai.. Gamer gets teleported to video game world. He becomes his game avatar and inherits its powerful abilities.. Its nothing special, but I still found it entertaining.. . The main character is a skeleton in large shining armor.. He encounters an elf girl and helps her in freeing her captured kin.. At the same time he’s trying to break the supposedly undead-curse his avatar has.. . Typically these isekai main characters are over powered. But they tried to change it up just a tiny bit. He is overpowered but not fully skilled. Meaning he does need to train.. . The story is not particularly deep or complex. But I wouldnt call it ...
Tower of Druaga: The Sword of Uruk is a good follow-up to the thrilling fantasy action of its predecessor set in the medieval realm that seems to be structured like an RPG game. Along with its romantic undertones, the show never forgets to remain comical. The first episode of the first season may have mislead viewers, but the new episode switches to the main narrative, which is closer in terms of time and place, although the opening sequence is still different from the main plotline.. . The show kicks off at the point where the first season ended, and the sequel does a great job of catching ...
MegaloBox is a thing of beauty. I went into this completely unaware that it's a modern re-telling of Ashita No Joe. . The show is set in a futuristic almost post apocalyptic Japan where combatants box using cybernetic limbs and our MC is a boxer named Joe who has thrown every fight he's been in trying to survive in the underground fighting circuit.. . However a man comes along who changes that and brings Joe to the big leagues where everything is different.. . What makes Megalobox so great? It's the sheer beauty of it. The animation is incredibly fluid and gorgeous. Breathtaking at times. The fight scenes ...
It good. I like the comedy and the romance elements have their moments that aren't ruined by an attempt at being funny all the time. Kanojo mo kanojo knows its boundaries and sticks to them. 10/10.. . If you want a rom-com which balances perfectly and has a interesting plotline with likable characters this is for you. Or maybe not everyone is different. But definitely give the first few episodes a try, but note that some how a 10/10 gets better in season 2.. . The story is and isn't predictable at the same time. There are points where the characters are in a certain situation ...
This is a very messed up movie. No spoilers but it's very messed up. Prepare to cry.. . The movie takes place after the end of the first season and it follows Riko, Reg and their new companion Nanichi as they travel to the 5th layer and onto the 6th. . It's one giant episode basically and serves as the opening to the 2nd season and end of the 1st.. . They come across the enigmatic and eccentric Bondrewd, a mad scientist who seeks to unlock the secrets of the abyss and to enter the 6th layer you must go though him.. . . I really can't put into words ...
Made in abyss is not for kids. Made in abyss is a very dark anime despite appearances. . The premise of made in abyss is a young girl who (along with her amnesiac cyborg companion) travels into the "abyss" a giant seemingly non earthly hole that contains artifacts of a bygone alien era searching for her mother who she believes to be alive deep within the 6th or 7th layer. . The first floor of the abyss is harmless and its below the town of Orth. It's a small plateau or hilly area basically, the 2nd layer is a jungle with dense vegetation and animal life. The ...
I'm sure you've heard it before but Demon Slayer really is that good.. . It's arguably one of the best Shonen anime of the 21st century.. . The story is set in 1800s Japan where a fictionalized group hunts demons plaguing Japan led by a Michael Jackson lookalike. The setting is a real world historical backdrop although it doesn't play a pivotal role.. . The story follows a boy whose family was slaughtered by demons except for his younger sister Nezuko who was turned into one, he must protect Nezuko from other demon slayers as well as find the man who killed his family and exact revenge.. . What ...
Yuru Camp is one of those animes that make you want to do what the characters do, in this case, camping.. . I loved the relaxed feeling it had, it's a nice anime to watch if wanting to relax or just disconnect and enjoy some time. I also liked the way the food is showed, it looked so delicious! I also liked the way some things are presented and that it teaches some basic things aboout camping.. I also want to say that the places and landscape shown in the anime are gorgeous: the streets; mountains; shops; etc.. . ...
Bobobobobo is a personal favorite purely due to how utterly insane it is.. . Bobobobo is a parody of FOTNS but can stand on it's own. It's humor is top notch. . The anime censored and changed many things from the manga to make it more child friendly but that isn't a bad thing. It's still hilarious.. . Bobobo's humor relies on heavy Japanese troupes and slapstick comedy.. . Some examples are Bobobo "training" at a supermarket with "master tuna" to earn a new $10 jacket. Or aliens obsessed with making people drink green tea. Yes, its very nonsensical.. . The plot revolves around a man named Bobobo, a master ...
MahoAko demonstrates one of my favorite aspects of the Japanese anime industry.. Japan doesn't care how absurd, sexual, or otherwise niche a piece of media is, they take it seriously. Both in terms of tone(even jokes are played straight, characters don't look at the camera and roll their eyes) and in terms of effort on the part of the production. It is for this reason that despite how "borderline hentai" this show is, it really shines in other areas as well.. . I found myself pulled in by the characters and their interactions, the writing, hell, even the sound design. There is a great deal of love and ...
Beyblade Burst is the 3rd saga of the beyblade series after Metal. . The premise revolves around a blader named Valt Aoi who aims to become Japan's top blader.. . It has no connection to previous series so don't worry about the 1990s show or Metal.. . Honestly it's pretty good. Better then Metal and less Shonen.. . The animation is fluid and clear. Theres tons of added effects like sparks to keep the audience entertained.. . Valt is a likable character, he isn't deep but he's likable with his energetic personality. Theres his best friend Rantaro who is the comedic relief but also a decent blader as well ...
Beelzebub is the story of a guy named Oga who has to take care of the son of the demon king. . The plot revolves around Oga having to raise baby Beel and fighting the highschool delinquent hierarchy meanwhile, Beel isn't defenseless as being a demon he can use powers of electricity and Oga usually has to try and calm him down before he zaps everybody. They throw in some supernatural demon stuff every once in a while but it's pretty much Oga trying to raise Beel.. . It's a comedy - Shonen. There isn't much to really explain. There's fight scenes. Oga usually gets into ...
Ashita No Joe is a classic.. . It's the story of a boxer named Joe who rises to the top from the slums. He is a troubled youth who takes to boxing to vent his frustrations and though a series of unfortunate events becomes a pro boxer.. . The animation is CRUNCHY. Of course you can watch in HD now but it's still dated. It's classic 70s Japanese animation. The fight scenes are superb though. The animation has a charm to it i must admit. Shows like Gundam have the same animation and despite it's age, it has charm you can't find today.. . Voice acting is also ...
Overlord is an interesting one. As mentioned in my konasuba review I am not a fan of Isekai however this one really peeked my interest and im glad I watched it.. . The premise of Overlord is simple, a gamer is stuck in his avatar in a realistic world.. . A man named Mamonga founded a guild with his friends in an MMO known as Ainz Ooal Gown and somehow when the servers died, he and his base were teleported to an alternate world in his lich avatar with all his power and prestige.. . He is an overlord as the name suggests of an lair. He has ...
What do you get when you Isekai into a fantasy world with only a useless goddess as your starter item? You get Konasuba.. . The plot revolves around a dead Otaku named Kazuma who died in the worst most embarrassing way possible and is reincarnated into a fantasy world like the gamer he is.. . However the fantasy world is nothing like the Isekai anime he has watched or fantasy games he played. It's very depressing and tough.. . He is joined by (or rather forced to take into his party) a mage who only knows 1 single spell and can only use that 1 spell a day ...
NOTE: S1 & S2 review as whole.. . Reviewing Info: In a nutshell. Short personal thoughts on Anime/manga, heavy weight on personal feelings with minor objective valuations. More explained how I rate on my site.. Review layout: WP non-H. Review type: Anime. Note: Still testing review layouts. This line will be removed when I’m satisfied with the layout.. . #Review (short ver):. *In a nutshell: Story of lonely Shogi player being mellowed and saved from dark vortex of himself.. . ...
First of all, I'd say that the first episode does this show a great disservice because of how generic a first impression it gives the show.. Initially when I went to watch this, I skimmed through the first episode and saw no real interest in it. However, after seeing a comment suggesting to skip the first episode and start on episode 2, I gave that a try, and found that, for me, it was a much better starting point.. If you find you don't like the first episode, give it the second episode to see if your opinion changes - because it's damn well worth it.. . Taking any ...
This series is pretty nostalgic with it's over-the-top comedy, character designs and colorful atmosphere. I've read a bit of other people's reviews. I understand this series wouldn't be everyone's cup of tea but clearly the anime is just for shits and giggles. MAPPA clearly made this like a side quest type of thing for people to experience and maybe show off other people's artworks as they focus on their popular series. (ex: JJK). . If you like to watch something with stupid humor, you're definitely going to get it here. I honestly love it. It doesn't top Ranma 1/2 and Love Hina for me but I ...
There are some anime that hit in a different way so much so that when another season comes out you feel like; ''Oh I had almost forgotten about X. I can't put my finger on why, but I'm hype af to see this being conjured in my world.''. . Legitimately I've been surprised with season 3 of Youkoso, how entertained and satisfied it leaves me when finishing any episode. Especially when comparing to seasons 1 and 2 who both of them imo where not really well thought out, nor executed. The plots in 1 and 2 felt forced and unproperly paced, overall not a whole lot of ...
If you are currently thinking of just skipping the movie and going straight into season two of Jujutsu Kaisen I would definitely say that you should watch the movie. In my opinion the movie helps you better understand the first few episodes of the second season as it includes some of the characters that will later be shown in season two which can help make them more recognizable and the movie also has an interesting story line, gorgeous animation and a super cute romance which is something that hasn't been shown in the anime as of season one and the romance is quite ...
After whatever the eff season 3 was supposed to be, season 4 is back on track.. . It actually focuses on Ainz and his team and doesn’t allocate 90% of screen-time to uninteresting characters and their menial lives.. You get to see other characters but it doesn’t overstay its welcome.. . Although there is a lot of focus on diplomacy and politics its not boring. Ainz is focused on creating allegiances from many different warrior races. But also looking to find if there are others as powerful as him.. . The writing is good. The characters are entertaining.. Its nicely paced. And funny.. At no point in any episode did i start ...
I will recommend the show. Why? Because i feel this is a quite nice and sweet story about a young couple that progressively have their relationship grow as the chapters happens. It is true that at first you think the plot of the anime is going to be about a the main character guy trying to find ways to murder the main character female but that changes so quickly, but is healthy for the anime i believe, in order to progress i mean, it wouldn't make much sense (even though Japanese people doesn't make much sense at all).. . As the episodes goes on, you feel there ...
W W W W best anime ever. Probably the best anime that ive ever watched. . The story is unique, The animation, the sound design, the characters, i like all aspect about Sousou no frieren. It is the perfect anime to watch with family, or while your fasting for ramadhan. There is barely any cussing, Barely any fan service, It also teaches us a thing or two. I really really recommend you to watch frieren, And i also recommend dont force yourself to watching this anime. You need to have an actual interest for frieren, or else you will just find it boring.. . I understand that some people might say frieren is ...
It's a very simple anime. Since each episode has 3 minutes, it's quick to watch and even better to pass time, it has lots of funny parts so there's no reason to not enjoy a show like this.. The characters are unique and they are written quite well, especially since it's a comedy. Every interaction is funny and the development over the episodes only adds to it.. The art style it's cute and has exaggerated reactions, which also helps with the funny parts.. Overall, it's not the most amazing comedy anime ever, but it's also not the worst. It doesn't have much to it, but everything ...
As a Yaoi this could have been much worse.. The story sounds absurd, the idea of a 30 years old virgin turn mindreader, but the execution is so cute. That's all this show has to do really, deliver on the funny and sweet moment. Which it does.. One thing I have to give it praise is how purely romantic it feels, for a romance junkie, this one's served. The couple are so not toxic and they progress naturally without dragging. While there are some usual tropes of inconfident MC, I'm willing to give it a pass. Sure, the animation can be a bit stunted, but when ...
I wasn't sure about this series for the first few episodes of season 1. But I am really glad that I haven't dropped it and watched it to this day. Story writing is amazing, all characters in the series feels so natural and original. Character interactions are fun and progression is real. But the most amazing thing in this series is mc's character developments and their relation's pace. You can clearly see character development through out the series and their relationship is just perfect. Everything about it. It's pace, fluffy moments , comedy... Its one of the best adaptations I've ever saw. Really close ...
The anime offers its own value-added experience compared to the pure manga! The drawings are very nice and spectacular, the direction is well-refined, and the different tones are well-rendered.. The anime is worth watching, to enjoy also AFTER having read the story.. . P.S. The system tells me that my review is too short... so I have to assume you didn't read the manga and move on.. This story follows a very unusual topos: it starts... where the typical story ends. Also without spoiling the plots, you can understand that a writer who begins from such a premise is not going to abandon the work halfway through. The ...
Simply put it's one of the best animated films, mappa out did themselves. I'm Impressed. Although the story is a lil bit hard to understand but it's good when you get it.. . There are a lot of plot hole though. Like if they are in a shut off bubble then where are they getting all their food and other supplies from? The sudden change in characters behaviors is another thing. The most annoying thing is that the MCs father and his uncle are little undistinguishable. In one scene I had to search up their name to see if it was the MCs father or the ...
MASTERFUL WRITING. Overall: 9.5/10. . It has been several years since I have seen a masterpiece (last time I think was when I was in high school). I'd like to think I have grown mature over the years, but as I revisit my MAL account from a decade ago, the sentiments on what makes a good anime a masterpiece still holds true: great world building, plot with unpredictable twists that does not deviate from said world building, circumstances of the characters and motivations; the development of key characters (including the anti-hero/villain), and with a theme that resonates with reality or that reflect the current problems of society. ...
As somebody who grew up with the original + the Gingka era and the Burst era, I feel inclined to give a review. (Oh if only Yugioh put for this level of quality..). . Beyblade X is actually pretty good. First the animation is SUPERB. It's really well done which isn't shocking because Beyblade has always had great animation.. . The plot revolves around a group of 3 bladers who are determined to climb the "X tower" where the best of the best blade it out. The tower is the main setting of the show.. . first you have Bird, an amateur blader who has no talent for beyblade..like ...
I love stories where women can just be silly. Most of the time, you see that the "gag character who is actually important in the story" is a role reserved for men. On occasions where this isn't true, their gag is usually something related to being a woman or something that women are stereotypically associated with. But, in Kuragehime, you have a bunch of grown women whose main traits are that they're deeply invested in their hobby to a comical fault, and they are often given the responsibility of moving the plot forward.. . Additionally this show just looks really good. Everyone has a cool character ...
If you got to know this anime through the memes, I beseech you to look a little deeper, because this is one of the best directed shows in the past year. And if you're an idol anime or im@s fan, there's plenty of cute girls to root for to warrant a watch.. . But firstly, the animation is really good. Considering it's done by Cygames Pictures, whose parent company is a mobile game producer, it was a pleasant surprise. Honestly, it looks better than what A-1 did in the other im@s installments. However, the dance scenes specifically, of which there are only 3, are done with a ...
No doubt AOTY. Not only year, but All Time. The Best Anime of All Time. OPM writter crying in corner watching OPM S3 not handle by MadHouse. All other Sounen and Action Anime also imbarassed by Slice of Life Anime that can make better Action.. . 10/10 Graphic, 10/10 Music, 10/10 Animation, 10/10 Dialogue, 10/10 Flashback. What else you need? All new studios need to watch this and learn to make better animes in future hopefully.. . If you already dropped this anime because its boring in early episodes, then you're missing out the diamond mines in the middle until last episodes.
The sequel to Naruto's first part is bigger, better, and most definitely worth your time. This is an anime every anime fan should see, a timeless masterpiece.. There's a reason Naruto is part of The Big 3 Shounens. Like all anime and manga it has its shortcomings, so I'll talk about what's good and what's not. Overall however, this is beyond phenomenal.. . First off, if you want the best experience watching Naruto: skip all the fillers. And I mean all of them. I'll talk about that later.. . I don't even know where to start with why I love this masterpiece. As if the 'original' Naruto series wasn't already ...
First of all, let me tell you that the 3 episode rule does not apply to this, you'll think that the samurai guy from the 1st episode is the MC??? Nope, EVERYONE is the MC, that's why this has like 4 episodes of character introduction because it makes you choose to root for someone who you think deserves to be the Hero. This is a battle royale with no MC. So abolish all the thought that you will be following someone's journey because you'll be following EVERYONE'S journey. It might be confusing at first, even I read a wiki page just to know who's on ...
I can't say much about it as it is only 3sec long but still les give it a try.. . ~This is the first ever anime made by Japan (A country that gives us more than 150 anime every year to watch) so, this proves how much the animation industry has progressed.. ~This anime is so, old that nobody even knows the exact date of when it was aired or who the author/animator is speculation is that it was aired around 1907-1912.. ~Story: You can't expect a story from a 3 sec anime that is a century old. N/10. ~Art: The art is great for its time. 7/10. ~Character: ...
There's this place called Academy City where most folks are students with these cool special powers. Touma's one of them, but his ability is kinda weird – he can cancel out other people's powers. Unfortunately for him, it also means he's a magnet for trouble, always running into mishaps.. . Then one day, Index, this church sister, shows up in Touma's life, and turns out she's being chased by magicians. Things get pretty interesting as the story dives into this clash between science and magic. At first, it seems like we're in for this huge, epic plot, but then the show sort of veers off into smaller ...
After being delighted by this amazing anime series, I was going to write a review, but saw that there were a few that recommended it, so I forgot about it. However, I've been thinking about Maico a lot since then. It truly is the hiddenest of gems in 90s TV anime.. . The episodic nature of the series allows it to have small plot-lines that are quickly forgotten, but there are many continuity details that provide style and character to the story. Also, the stars of the show are definitely the characters, some more than others, and they have stereotypes that you hardly ever see in ...
I don't understand the amount of hate that this anime receives, like, of course there are problematic things, we're talking about Japan, it's difficult for an anime to escape committing a crime, be it prejudice or pedophilia.. The anime tells about when the student Hori becomes closer to the “nerd” (who is just a nerd in appearance) Miyamura after an unexpected encounter outside of school, so the story presents us with the evolution of their relationship that leads to a courtship very cute between the two.. This anime is very cute, I don't know if I can say it's one of my favorites, but I'm definitely going ...
tl;dr: An action anime about giant bugs that’s carried pretty much entirely by two great characters.. . This anime is set in an alternate Edo that has come under the attack of giant insects. To combat them an organization known as the Mushibugyo, meaning Insect Magistrate, was founded. This story particularly follows Jinbee, a samurai from far out in the country that comes to Edo in order to join the Mushibugyo. The first third or so of the anime is centered around Jinbee and the rest of the Mushibugyo simply dealing with the various insects that attack Edo. Each episode focuses on a single character, with Jinbee ...
"Oshi no Ko" is not an anime that you can summarize in one word. It's insightful, emotional, endearing, funny as hell, heartbreaking, and uplifting. A show that delves into one of the most misconstrued industries in the world, namely the idol industry, as well as the general entertainment industry, attempting to portray it in a concise and honest way. Showing you in equal tandem the light and dark sides, creating a conflicting, insightful drama.. . Everyone has told a lie. Whether largely impactful or otherwise, everyone has done it before. Japanese Idols are teenage girls who were either scouted from talent agencies or auditioned on their own ...
This is such a wholesome anime. Read the manga as well after watching both seasons, and damn it has a great plot.. The storytelling is just beautiful, characters are really given depth and it feels settling once you finish watching.. Story might be predictable but you enjoy it anyway because you'll have fun watching it. Side characters are not ignored and they're not there just to make way for protagonists, and there'll be heart tugging, skipping, and wrenching moments which will remind you about the time there is with our loved ones.. Though it is not an 'anime without any bad episodes', but it definitely won't make ...
Note: this is the first Studio Ghibli film I've ever seen). Kurenai no Buta (or Porco Rosso) is a very pleasant film to watch, with a simple and fun story and a production that borders on perfection.. Practically everything related to the technical terms of this film is very good, be it the magnificent visual direction, the impeccable and very characteristic animation, the beautiful takes, the beautiful scenery, the very beautiful character design, and a good representation of society and the situation at the time. in which the film takes place (Post World War I) despite having been well softened in history, like, the film takes place ...
This is my first review on MAL and I was prompted to write it for this anime since it's sadly underrated. I must clarify that I never had the chance to read the manga, so this review is not comparative with the source material but only related to the anime itself. Being a three minute for episode kind of show, it requires attention to details because the jokes are so fast paced that you can miss them. Knowing japanese probably helps a lot but still, I can't understand other reviewers writing that the "jokes don't have the time to land". They actually land with perfect ...
LIFE IS INDEED LIKE A FALLING AUTUMN LEAF. BEFORE IT CAN TOUCH THE GROUND, IT IS BLOWN AWAY BY THE WIND. ...
If you want to drop this Anime after watching the first few episodes because it appears too "slow" and "boring", then you'd be missing out on an incredible journey, characters and drama. At the very least, watch until episode 7 and if you still dislike it then, it would be safe to say it's not for you.. . This is one of the most beautiful Anime I've watched in my life. The art style. The music. the world building. The characters. The subtlety of Romance. The serenity of it all. The entire anime is a very calming experince with occational tension and conflict building up from time ...
I recommend watching these OVAs. It would seem that after some repetitive elements shown on Season 2 of TONIKAWA, it managed to regain back it's momentum. By introducing various elements and integrating to what's already great from the Series is what the viewers need. The OVA introduced new interesting, funny and adorable characters which add to a great dynamics of the characters of the series, the Rom-Com features are fresh and the addition of the characters made the interaction with current cast along with the new cast an outstanding addition, and by doing so they created this masterpiece addition to TONIKAWA series. In addition, it ...
STORY. -> it's very rare to enjoy story of post-demon king defeat,which the cliche is always pre or the journey of the hero itself.Sousou no. Frieren manage to deliver the story beautifully as its tells how the redemption of frieren as main focus of the story,an elf who lost. her peers by demon,adopted by human mage which has way shorter life span than her. Frieren spend 1000 years just to become. mage that cappable of slaying demon and finally the demon king although its done with her party, she begin ...
At long last the much-anticipated sequel to Gundam Seed and Gundam Seed Destiny has released and thankfully it was well worth the wait. Whilst I absolutely loved the original Gundam Seed as a modern remake/alternative version of the original Gundam, Gundam Seed Destiny was largely a letdown due to the shift to a far worse cast (Shinn) and a feeling that the old characters were getting purposefully dumbed down and discarded. Gundam Seed Freedom is to me Destiny done right.. . Although a lot of the plot is a retread of the themes of Destiny, with the new villainous organisation entitled Foundation even aiming to carry ...
This is a great anime that has great production value. Now does it have its flaws? of course but I am rating this anime purely off of my enjoyment of it and not objectively, thats why im going to rant now.. . Heavenly Delusion has some great aspects that really cater to my tastes and I'm not talking about her being (you know).. The anime does a great job of creating questions to the reader that are not answered yet as of the end of the first season and this is something that I personally enjoy and some might not. This aspect within the anime keeps on building ...
In "The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya," the Endless Eight Arc has generated a lot of dissatisfaction among the fans. It was an eight-episode show that revolved around the same events with different animation, clothes, and backgrounds. For many viewers, it was boring and repetitive.. . Such repetition, however, was not a result of budget constraints but instead a deliberate narrative choice on the part of the show's director. It was also a way to build up the hype for the next movie "The Disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya" by using the same frustration felt by the main character, Kyon.. . Yet, amidst the repetitive loop, the true star of the ...
As always the Tsukasa, Nasa and the gang always delivers. Though, I honestly think that the story progression is somewhat slow this Season and it tends to repeat some elements already present in Season 1. With that being said, it is not a terrible sequel, I just hope that they delve deeper to Tsukasa's background and her past relationships before getting married to Nasa, considering all that teaser that they put in the Opening of the Anime. I don't dislike this sequel altogether, I just hope that they unravel the mystery that shrouds Tsukasa' character. If you've been captivated from season 1, this series would ...
HEAR ME OUT I know i should not like this, The MC is one of the worst to date, the writing is pretty shit and most of the other characters are just down right stupid. But I was soo hooked. This show didn't let me go, i found myself watching multiple episodes at a time until i realized i was at the last. . Art - 10/10 The Animation is actually phenomenal, Expressions of characters are exaggerated but it actually improves on the comedic values of the show.. . Characters 5/10 Some real hit or miss characters, Many of the characters dont act as humans normally would. Especially the ...
You need to read original manga,temptation chapter 2. Story is completely altered. It will give you whole other feeling. You can catch the story flow, almost exactly the same as the show except the Ending!!! The producer made up all the bullshit story, that's not how it supposed to unfold.. Akira is beautiful. So much so that he can have any girl... or guy that he lays eyes on making him very self-centered. Unfortunately, the only woman he has ever wanted is the one woman he could never have, his own sister. When he first met Kaname, naive to the ways of the world, his own ...
I honestly can't believe how I only got to know about this anime recently, considering how good it is. It's old, but don't let that stop you. I personally am a huge fan of old anime from before the 2000s. Definitely became one of my favorites. . . The Petshop of Horrors should be an essential for those who like horror and are fans of old-style anime. It's so sad that we don't get a longer adaptation of the manga, really. It looks like they made the anime as an advertisement for the manga because it is too short and gives you the feeling of unfinished work.. . The story ...
This is a beautiful and entertaining piece of work. . . The story at first seemed too goofy, but the art style sold it. I thought it would be the type of anime that tries to take itself too seriously for its idea, but it didn't. The seriousness of it is at the right level for you to care about the characters and the development of the history, and the goofiness is funny enough for you to give some laughs. . . Also, as an artist, I highly recommend it. The art style is simple in a beautiful artistic way. It's nice to watch, and the colors give off a nice, ...
My Clueless First Friend is the story of what would happen if a new student became super attached to the friendless kid in the class, and was completely oblivious towards the situation. Taiyou almost immediately imprints on Nishimura like a puppy due to his chuuni tendencies, and an unbreakable bond is formed. While a lot of this anime is variations of this scenario, as the series goes on we see Nishimura-san become more confident and win more people over. There's Also a form of the "will they won't they" dynamic between the two main characters that isn't really resolved here, but could be further explored ...
If you watched the original series (and you should), this is just 4 more episodes. If you're not a fan of a slow-paced slice-of-life, this isn't for you. It is, however, a refreshing break from the hypersexualize, ultra romantic, action packed, overly dramatic amine that's thrown in our face these days. The story continues to follow of the MC, Hitotsubashi, living her life after becoming a literal god but somehow remains the shy, weak, timid schoolgirl that you feel obligated to stand up for. And that's exactly what her two school mates do. Somehow the creator of this managed to keep the god story take ...
Jujutsu Kaisen is a product of a thorough refinement of the shonen catalog. Down to the battle systems, characters, and world-building. By addressing the notable flaws of the shoren formula and in extension the series foundation. The series through the understanding of predecessors allowed the unprecedented success it's now following.. . Throughout the first season I kept wondering if the show is self aware at multiple times. It took the genres most antiquated trope of the overly expositional dialogue in mid fight. Then turn it into a feature of the battle system. This and many more examples paints the creator as knowledgeable of the genre strength ...
Quite a novel idea for the show, if a bit questionable due to excessive groping. Trailer and first few episodes sold me on the main character who is just glutton for punishment in his unrelenting chase for mortality and a girl who has never felt love. As episodes started coming and going subject changed from focusing on characters and instead threw this quest for preservation of world in the mix. At that point I admit I started losing interest and decided to put it on hold for some time hoping to return to it at a later date.. . This break didn't have a positive effect I ...
There are a few movies/shows I watched when I was like eight/nine or younger that I have quite fond memories of despite hardly remembering them or even their names. There´s a show with some talking forest animals, or a movie I had on VHS about a green beast or dragon. Shows/Movies you have fleeting memories of but can´t fully grasp.. . My Father´s Dragon belonged into the same category for me. I remember seeing it. There was Mandarine Island, the tigers that ate the chewing gum, some songs, and Boris the Dragon. It legit took me years to remember the name of the movie and when I ...
I normally do not leave reviews. When I do, it's usually a sign of how much the show affected me after viewing. I just got done having a second watch-through of the show, which is usually my determining factor of my thoughts of a show as sometimes a first watch isn't enough for me to give an accurate rating of my opinion, and needless to say the show not only met, but exceeded my expectations going in to the second viewing.. . This show has a special place in my heart as the contents of it really resonate with me and my experiences. I loved it on ...
A wholesome anime that many from the community would enjoy. Azusagawa and Sakurajima are actually a perfect match, and their . relationship is probably one of the best in the romance category, as they share a cute couple connection. The pacing of the story is . way too clean and smooth. The opening song is a banger! It's Kiminosei by The Peggies 💙. . The story and its direction are well-written and adapted accordingly. The cast has their own flaws, and the animation was amazing.. I am in tears in some parts. All I can say about this is that it's a dangerous world to live in due to the unknown phenomenon ...
I have not read the manga so this is strictly my perspective from the anime.. . If you are a fan of the reformed villainess genre this is most likely up your alley.. . The story is not trying to set it's self above or apart from the rest of it's genre it is simply a fun, lighthearted villainess story with elements of Dr. Elise, I Shall Survive Using Potions, and 80,000 Gold in Another World that fans of the genre will enjoy.. . This is not intended to be deeply emotional or complex; it is intended to make to laugh at the antics, follies, and misunderstandings of the characters as ...
Highly underated anime.. I followed if from first season and it get's better with every season.. This story really stick with me, and not to mention that characters are one of my fave ever.. New generals are quite interesting figures, and this is the first time that I was rooting for the other side. Love this season so far .. Animation is getting better and better, which somehow makes fights so interesting.. It is very unique take on war anime, also unique and fun and dangerous at the same time. I really don't get why is this anime not getting on popularity.
This score is based on only the chess game.. . I will not explain in detail. If you know chess, you will get why this season deservers 1/10. It was a crucial part of the show and failed even worse than the light novel. I thought maybe -for a small chance- they would make up for it by showing us a good game in the anime. To be frank this was what I expected to be, but still disappointing. This requires serious punishment.. . There are a lot to say about moves, you don't even need to stop for analyzing. Characters don't know what they're saying. Because they don't ...
First of all the stylish soundtracks used everywhere throughout the series is very cool and good! the main character shines more with these soundtracks ! the art style is decent in non action scenes but in action scenes it goes very good ! side characters are a bit annoying for me but overall they are nice ! the main character in this is totally a great character ! i mean no matter the foes or anyone he is always so cool and the payoff is very satisfying! I won't say this is peak but this anime is good enough for some laughs and good action! ...
Haibane Renmie is a really character-driven story which I love you know the characters are very important to me within the story and this show has some great ones you're introduced to so many different characters that all have their own unique personalities that make you want to learn more about them all of the characters were so likeable and make for a really good slice of life. you know and I genuinely cared about the story here I cared about one character, in particular, who was definitely a great character she was able to make one of my favorite characters of all time ...
Our Dating Story: The Experienced You and The Inexperienced Me. . If you read from the title, I feel that this anime will be similar to the Ecchi gal anime that I have watched before. I watched this anime without reading the genre at all, so when I watched the first episode, what I thought really happened.. . The main characters are also like any other romcom main characters, they are shy about getting deeper but actually want to do so. But after I finished watching the first three episodes, I started to realize that what the main characters did this time was for the best.. . I honestly feel ...
MF Ghost, when I found out the announcement that this anime would be released I immediately checked the PV. When I watched the trailer, I felt that this anime has bad car visuals. If I compare it with Initial D, then this anime looks different class even though MF Ghost is a new anime.. . I had dropped this anime even before the release, but because I ran out of stock to watch, I tried to give this anime a chance.. . Apparently this anime is not as bad as I imagined, after watching the first 3 episodes I realized that the visuals on the car are not bad. ...
Sequel to the harem anime Girlfriend, Girlfriend. . This is the sequel to the harem anime Girlfriend, Girlfriend. The fist one saw us being introduced to Naoya who confessed his love to Sakisaki. She agreed to go out with him only to have another cute girl, Minase confessed to him. So Naoya doen't want to upset both, proposed to date both at the same time, hence two-timing both girls.. . Sakisaki's best friend, Shino was against this two-timign idea and went to wreck Naoya's tow-timing scheme only to have it backfired. Shino has already fall for him even before Sakisaki agreed to go out with Naoya. So we will ...
Whos says art is dead in the digital age?. Paprika is a movie to put all Ghibli doubts to shame. Not only is the whimsical fantasy of japanese animation alive in the digital age, but Paprika proves that it can be done just if not better.. . Just like Ghibli films in their whimsical animation charms, Paprika is a movie that carries the same Masterpiece work as something found in Spirited Away. Top quality animation, whimsical fiction, and a good story that will keep you engage from start to end.. . Paprika is proof that Ghibli films have not suffered in the digital age, but have only been seriously limited. ...
A bad review:. . I don't really want to focus on the series, why the artwork was nice, why the characters were good and why the story was good. I'd rather focus on what the series was trying to convey to the viewer (in my opinion).. . "Thank you Frieren, for having a adventure with me one last time in the end of my life...". . it's when you watch the series and see the relationship that develops between the two of them that this sentence really has weight. That Himmel only wanted Frieren to never be alone and to live forever in her heart.... . -for showed her the sunrise.. -for helping Frieren ...
Its main topic is not exactly the fights, and that represents perfectly what the war is, war doesn't means fights and humanes killing themselves like beasts, this obviously happens but the show wants to show us how the people that go to fight feels, the idea of Nazis in this anime is imo well elaborated because this is a regiment, who only cares about its prosperity and honor, even a blind can see this is something REAL in this society, even now 80 years after the end of the WWII, the friendship of the unit is beautiful because after all they're kids whose are fighting ...
The story follows a small group of soldiers whose task is to disarm and take out the automatic sentry tanks left in the ruins of Tokyo.. . I really liked the background for this one, and the cgi was pretty good at some parts, there were certain scenes that looked really cool. Even though we kinda don't really get a lot, the characters are pretty nice too, I like their designs.. Liked the fight scenes and the shots and angles they had for some scenes, was really nice.. The music was pretty good too, and the sounds. The music at the very end of the ...
I feel the need to push my writing to the max, so I'll do just that for this gem of an anime:. . Step into the world of the ultimate gaming isekai, where every aspect is finely tuned to perfection. Top-notch animation, a captivating story, a protagonist you can't help but root for, and battle scenes that leave you on the edge of your seat, what more could you possibly ask for?. . Our protagonist is no ordinary mc; he craves a challenge and thrives on pushing himself to the limit. Nothing short of a brush with death can hold his interest. But it's not just about his raw ...
Toradora is among top Slice of Life anime, receiving high praise from the fans in the genre. Fans of Slice of Life will find a lot to enjoy here, but people who don’t really like the genre may not be as attracted.. . One of the key aspects of Slice of Life is character development, and Toradora is particularly strong in this area. Protagonists Ryuiji and Taiga undergo steady and consistent development, although the culmination of the series has its predictable moments that still make it worth watching.. . Taiga's evolution , especially, is something special to observe. At first abrasive and alienating, she progressively reveals multiple shades of ...
HOPE FOR A SECOND SEASON THAT WILL FINISH THE STORY! This is so much better than the Tv series. Art : Good. Story : Good. Interaction between the twins : exist. What do you want more? I dont understand the 6.9 vote... And for once they didn't ruin Tie Xie Lan for me. Opening and ending : Good. Hope they won't rush things in the second season if they ever will do another one. I know the other love interest shows up pretty late even in the book. But i don't want them to rush this only cause of public preferences. The only thing i ...
Naruto has undoubtedly left its mark on anime history, boasting numerous iconic moments, immersive world-building, diverse characters, and a unique art style. However, it is not flawless. While the series shines with its varied cast, each with distinct abilities and personalities enriching the narrative, it also faces criticism. Some character motivations are questionable, and inconsistencies plague the series, from character designs to animation quality. Flashbacks disrupt the narrative flow, and with its 220 episodes, Naruto feels excessively long, its pacing sometimes faltering between engaging and sluggish. The inclusion of filler towards the end further dampens the momentum. Despite these drawbacks, Naruto's iconic moments have cemented ...
This show is critically panned by some people who gloss over it's actual purpose. This is not a fetish show about becoming a girl, nor is it Lolibait. It's a rehabilitation story for a NEET and it's my personal favorite. There is a certain element of escapism for Mahiro, who has his entire life change for the better thanks to his sister. The show speaks to the inadequacy of being the lesser sibling, overcoming that by starting again, and learning to accept change for the better. The only critique I have is that the fan service with certain characters doesn't really make a lot of ...
i don't even want to state everything i love about this show, but ill try just because i want to recommend this show to everyone. i'll just say its a breath of fresh air, its beautiful, its meaningful, its captivating, its immersive, its funny, its epic and well animated, has amazing music and its genius. i dislike not a single character in this show i love all of them and it has more life lessons than anything i've ever watched and it does it so well. this anime changed me and shaped me in a way no other anime did, its a modern classic. im ...
The story follows a girl named Owaka and how she was set to marry someone she did not love, she loved her childhood friend Matsukichi. In her room out of sadness, she throws a fan across the room and it lands inside a lamp, starting a fire. The fire starts spreading across the room and eventually the building and the surrounding neighboorhood. Matsukichi is part of the firefighters that come to stop the fire. Mastukichi spots Owaka and warns her not to head towards the tower on the roof, but she does and is swallowed by the fire.. . I liked the story of this even ...
Yuru Camp, one of those shows that makes me really mad about my seldom being able to get into anything from the slice-of-life genre.. . Because this show is absolutely perfect, and it really nails everything that it's committed to showing and excels in the areas that it’s supposed to. I have literally nothing to complain about. You can tell this series comes from a place of passion, both from the original mangaka, Afro, and the team behind the adaptation, voice actors, animators, etc... The quality never drops, and almost every episode has something unique to portray that I can’t say you could find anywhere else. The ...
The profound emptiness,frustration,sadness, contempt, fulfillment, relief, and epiphany that I felt in one swoop after finishing this anime is absurd.. . Drifting in this anime is the same feeling that the youth felt during the pandemic and coincidentally it is within the same timeframe as the airtime of the anime. Everyone's world came into pause during that time the same in this anime suddenly discovering abilities ( by means of hobbies and such ) while also pondering about their lives like never before.. . Life has just begun for most youth especially during their highschool where most of their core values and personality will form , and the ...
This season was better than the first season in some ways, but also a lot worse. It drug out needless drama, and it got annoying at times. It had some very cute and wholesome moments. Those moments don't make up for the tediousness of the other episodes. Plus, the side cast felt like props during this season. Like, they were just there to lift up the main cast. Though I do think this season was more fun, and a lot funnier.. . I recommend watching both seasons. They were definitely worth it. Though forewarning, this season will ...
*Mishaps Upon Misguided Minds: The Zero-Sum Game*. . ~~. . !! SPOILER-FILLED REVIEW !!. . ~~. . It’s Christmas season and harmony is what it’s all about. The jolly holidays pull away the wreckage sites orchestrated by the vices of war to give more notice to the child-like air, playful despite the mischief. War in the Pocket took many steps away from the endless show of carnage of 0079 to bond with other avenues covered during war times. A refreshing change of pace in aesthetics, setting, character motivations, and musical motif exposed the creativity contained within the Gundam universe.. . I can imagine that at that time, the Gundam fad had reached significant heights considering ...
In this place you can find a bartender that is considered a master at creating cocktails. He is one of a kind and is known by many to serve some of the best drinks. Following one’s belief that just as every person has their own story so does every drink. No two cocktails are exactly the same. That is a truth I can speak of. So with a remake airing in a couple of weeks from this video. I thought it would be great to show some attention to a fun relaxing anime that I have enjoyed for the past many years.. . So pull up ...
The Phantom Arc feels less like a narrative driven sequel to Brilliantly Shining Heresy and more so a nostalgic victory lap that celebrates Armored Trooper VOTOMS as a franchise.. . The Phantom Arc starts off with a return to the early VOTOMS feel, catching up with Coconna and Vanilla who got the "good ending" taking us to Woodo, where it all began to celebrate their 25th anniversary with them.. . Woodo is familiar, warm and seemingly less seedy than it was in AT VOTOMS and this is the tone that follows throughout the show as we return to Kummen and Sunsa in later episodes to reunite with old ...
I'm pretty shocked to see the equal number of reviews that recommend (31 atm) and that do not recommend this show (33 atm) even though the score is quite high. I'll keep it short. If you liked the manhwa you'll like this show and if you like stories where MC becomes OP you'll also like this show. It's a power fantasy and not some profound piece of art, so just turn your brain off and enjoy the ride. Side characters don't get much development and MC becomes more emotionless and edgy the more power he gets, if that isn't your thing you can skip this.
Story - 10/10. . Overall the story was very engaging and was very interesting through out. I felt like it was. paced just right and 5 episodes was a perfect balance for the story to start and be resolved.. . Art - 10/10. . I love art that takes a spin on the definition of normal. I felt like Afro Samurai was a very. creative and well drawn anime and it was really well put together especially the fight scenes.. . ...
This is more of a fetish hentai.. If you're into giant girl on short boy action this is for you.. Its female domination. Also focuses on female pubic and armpit hair.. . First plot of episode 1: Nozomi (thats a huge btch!) and Ken are dating. On their walk home from school Nozomi invites Ken to meet the parents. But its a trap. Nozomi's parents arent actually home.. Second plot of episode 1: Arata and class president Shizuri are having a meeting after a speech. Shizuri exits the room and leaves her handkerchief behind. And Arata takes the bait.. The sex scenes are intense and this is helped by the ...
The whole anime is soo amazing that you can't rest without binge watching it and i completed the 2 seasons in one day.. Highly recommended for those who are looking for a anime with comedy and want something refreshing and wholesome.. This is my one of the best romcom anime with storyline that you you wont find anywhere else.. There's no problem if you just start rewatching it after finishing it which i did.. While the characters invest you totally in themselves you will find the story more interesting as the story progresses.. So start watching this anime series if you are reading this and haven't started yet.
A traveler seeks refuge from a storm in an abandonded shrine and is surprised by different spirits. He sees that some things inside the shrine are damaged and starts repairing them. He gets greeted by more spirits and eventually finally opens a door causing a bunch of stuff to fall on him. All of the things that fell on him came to life and turned into a monster, the traveler closes his eyes and wakes up in the shrine. The storm was gone and the sun was up. He then left the shrine with some of the things he repaired, that seemed to be left ...
This is the first time I write a review, that's how good this Anime is.. . Buddy Daddies is the Michelin star of comfort food, it got inspired by Spy x Family, but the dynamic is a little bit different from Spy x Family, because Spy is centered around Anya but in Buddy Daddies all the main characters have the same importance. The animation is amazing, P.A. Works did a great job, the characters are amazing (stellar job from the voice actors), comedy is really good, the action even it's not the strongest of this anime still have pretty cool action sequences, amazing OST all of ...
So, the latest installment of the story has shifted its focus away from Hayate's whopping debt of 150 million yen. Instead of that, it focuses on the in-depth interactions between the characters. If you are looking forward to see Hayate fighting his money issue, you will be shocked because that is not the main theme here. On the other hand, if you are more interested in exploring relationships, love triangles, and the delightful awkwardness among characters, then this show must definitely be your cup of tea.. . Let's talk aesthetics. The art style has indeed received an upgrade since the first season, now providing bolder visuals for ...
They say that with the advent of cinema, which at first was black and white, people who watched movies lost the ability to see color dreams - they were visited only by monochrome dreams. Only with the advent of color cinema and television in the 1960s did new generations again learn to dream in color. If we agree that dreams are the unconscious expression of our experiences, then the influence of television and cinema on dreams raises the question of how much our unconscious experiences reflect subjective experience, and not what we saw on film or television screens (and now on computer screens and smartphones). ...
Classic tropes with a twist, possibly a bit corny but balanced with genuine surprises. I don't really know what will happen other than presumably she falls in love with the ML and changes the course of history as she knows it. Plus some real GOATs of voice acting here, Shinnosuke Tachibana, Nobuhiko Okamoto, and Daisuke Ono!!!. . FL is interesting and smart, and I guess is technically at least 45 YO mentally so she is rather dazzling as a young princess. Some doki doki moments here and there, ideally we'll get a good dose of that in the last few episodes. I am here for ...
Evangelion The main appeal for me when it comes to Evangelion is the dark and depressing nature of the show I love the dark and depressing shit of the show and not many if any do it better than this. the story is great no doubt about it but where this anime truly shines for me and what makes it one of my favorites and one that I deem to be the best in its characters seeing these complex characters with so many layers to them trying to save the world while also dealing with their own internal conflict is amazing these are some seriously ...
This series does an incredible job of exploring the following themes: autonomy, identity, the ethics of scientific progress, and personal reality.. . Misaka Mikoto is naturally a charismatic and powerful protagonist living within a futuristic city and its many dystopian secrets. Her captivation lies within her electrifying abilities as an Esper, and in her personal journey through adolescence. While there is plenty of exciting action throughout the anime, it is Mikoto's inner conflicts that drive the story in a meaningful direction. Her innately positive beliefs regarding the principles and mysteries within Academy City provide a strong dynamic to her character. This is due to her convictions and ...
Deadman Wonderland is a very amusing story from beginning to end. It's a story so good it makes people complain there aren't more seasons.. The Art: You honestly can't complain. Clean shaders, amazing animation, style and effects.. Sound: Amazing. Still memorable after all these years. Intro is iconic.. Characters: very enjoyable to watch and need more of. Only the side-side characters suck. But that's in almost all anime.. . The difference with the manga and the anime is that as usual the anime sometimes does not give enough screentime to other characters in this show, like giving an indepth episode to each Deadman, etc.. . The story:. Some complain about this and ...
Like I said in the S1 review, this donghua is old, with this season being 7 years old compared to S1's 10. The production quality and cringe of the first season made it almost unwatchable for me despite my love for the manhua (source). However the changes made to season 2 changed my entire outlook of this adaptation. Having worked on the manhua of this as a translator, I am very happy to see how the second season did this work justice and brought this work to life.. . Plot Summary: Due to breaking the seal on him twice, Feng Xi, the MC, has been outed as ...
After reading the online reviews, both positive and negative, some negative reviews I've saw were totally unreasonable: from lack of evidences to claims to simply watching only three episodes and coming up with a conclusion about the whole series. I created this account just so I hope I can suggest you to try this anime. I've read the whole manga series so I think I should have some say on this.. . The critiques are right that this anime isn't fit for everyone: it includes themes of time, live and death, storytelling, etc. that are so profound and deep that many would not find interesting. Afterall, anime ...
Bocchi the Rock is probably the best comedy anime I have watched. It's portrayal of social anxiety is so over the top I couldn't help laughing out loud regularly as I made my way through it. The animators switch styles - most often for her anxiety episodes, and it works so well for driving the comedy home. There is a bit where they use an unfinished 3D render of Bocchi to drive home her anxiety about things going wrong that is one of my favorite bits in a series ever.. . While the comedy is the show's greatest strength in my opinion, the emotional stuff is great ...
I firmly believe this is one of the best shows ever to be made. There is not a single thing i can pick out or complain about this show, the mech fights are unique, funny and most of all, extremely epic, for lack of a better word, as just epic does not give it the justice it deserves.. . Every episode of this show is either very funny, very epic or very emotional, aside from episode 16, which is a recap, there is not a single episode i wanted to finish faster or skip, i enjoyed each and every second.. . The way Gurren Lagann explores its characters and ...
JUST A DISCLAIMER THIS SHOW IS BASICALLY PORN.. . that being said as a "man of culture" this show is a masterpiece. 😤. . The show is about the exploits of a man, an elf + Hermaphrodite angel and somebody who tags along (usually a non human) speed running to get an STD evidently.. . They visit various brothels in the town they live in and rate the women there.. . It's the ultimate show for guys and perverts. It's a masterpiece.. . ...
(Spanish review below).. . After almost abandoning the anime in the first season, because this one seemed like just another one of the bunch, the second season of Jujutsu Kaisen managed to catch me.. . The good points:. . 1- The animation is incredible. I think it's very good, although it isn't so good in certain parts. In any case, it is above average.. . 2- The Hidden Inventory arc seems to me to be the best thing the series has. I love Geto and Gojo, I love their friendship, I love the animation of these chapters and, above all, the story it presents to us: the birth of a villain. I would ...
A random guy working a standard 9-5 gets killed and guess what, isekai time! This is the whole backstory of Rimuru Tempest the main character of this story. But what is Rimuru? He's a slime, one of the weakest magical creatures of all, or is he? let's find out!. . . . Let's keep this review short because i don't think there is much to say about Tensei shitara Slime Datta Ken. It's an isekai that is so fast phased it makes you feel like there is not a single pause in the narrative. From episode 2 to episode 24 you never get a moment to breath, every single ...
Overlord II is an improvement over Overlord. The plot seems to be going somewhere now.. However it still suffers from the previous' shortcomings of dragging things out for too long. There are alot of time wasted focusing on non interesting characters.. . The first couple of episodes of season 2 starts off kinda rough by focusing alot of screen time on some lizard race. The overall outcome of that arc was satisfying but maybe went on for longer than it needed to.. . The main character is still continuing his plan of world domination by playing both sides of villain and hero. Pulling the strings from behind the ...
This review was inspired by another wonderful review that I am just in awe of. It's structure, it's perspective and it's total lack of flow was just riveting, and I decided to write my own review in that style.. . I almost never write reviews.....occasionally write reviews.... but this show has been so delightful that I felt compelled to on this occasion. I hope my review can inspire someone else to use their time wisely.. . This is a pretty good fantasy show, that has begun to develop an interesting world. Don't skip it to save yourself some time, let the story and world unfold naturistically, instead ...
A young girl enters a new school and develops an interest in a DIY club. Her bright and cheery demeanor is contagious and eventually spreads to other girls, who then take a similar interest in the club's activities.. . Do It Yourself!! is a prettily animated slice-of-life that thematically explores what it means to create something with your own two hands, as well as what it means to create something with your friends. It softly touches on the differences in undertaking a project among a team, as every member surely has their own or preferred way of doing things, and also addresses the more nuanced subject of ...
A young man dies and, having been given a short stick in his previous life, has an audience with a deific being to make his next life a bit better than his last. The young man's request is simple: he wants to be a farmer. God complies and the man awakens in a new and magical world with an all-purpose tool to fulfill his dreams.. . This is another isekai with its own special flavor of wish-fulfillment, and falls into the pattern of all of its roads leading to Rome as far as expectations are concerned - the main character receives the magical MacGuffin he needs to ...
I embarked on watching The Ancient Magus' Bride Season 2 - part 1 with high expectations. While I wasn't a fervent fan of the first season, I did find it enjoyable. This season, however, seems to address many of the issues and shortcomings of its predecessor.. . Right from the start, it's evident that the show's tone has shifted. It adopts a more serious approach to its storytelling and character development. While some may find this departure from the previous setting off-putting, I personally view it as an enhancement. This shift adds weight to any potential dangers or challenges faced by the protagonists, elevating the stakes and ...
Overall from starting to the end of the series i,m not bored.and it's very awesome so, please watch this anime i will recommend you it,s very nice😁it,s a comedy,thriller and zombie apocalypse anime🙂 with that of that of the story it is predictable and unusually it,s nice and i,m enjoyed it a lot and every character was designed very well and vibe of the anime is have persistence and every situation in the series was awesome we can say.and you will definitely enjoy this one so take your head phones and watch this series 🥰 it's a rare one and we can not find a ...
The equivalent of booting up Animal crossing in anime form.. . Drama free, no enemies, no intense tournaments like in other sports anime. Just a group of friends starting a bicycle club and enjoying the beautiful scenery in the places they visit. This anime is definitely not for viewers looking for high-stakes races against evil antagonists, but great for a cozy watch with enough action to keep you engaged in the story. Fulfilling the requirements for making the bicycle club official is the plot that ties the 12 episodes together, but they also introduce small conflicts that the characters have to solve each episode.. . The show loses ...
TLDR. I really enjoyed this. It's intelligent and focuses on rebuilding and improving rather than heroes and battles. Its funny, smart and really satisfying. I highly recommend this for basically anyone whose looking for something a little more mature than the superkid hero thing.. . Cast. The protag is incredibly intelligent, perhaps ridiculously so, but it is believable for a well read, rational person to know this stuff. The 'found family' cast are what really make this show special though, he's not doing this alone and that really helped carry me through the show. Liscia in particular is a rock, quietly carrying the king through his ordeals. They're mature, ...
The entire synopsis of the story can be understood once you read the title. In addition, the Anime has a unique way of communicating to it's viewers by giving the viewers glimpse of what it's like to be in a relationship in a subjective way. If you are looking for a gyaru-otaku dynamic I definitely recommend watching this one. The series is not perfect, it has it's flaws, there is no direction in the plot, it's like one of those day-to-day episodes in anime, the choices of the characters in the current episode would dictate the trajectory of the following episode.. . That being said, the Series ...
The series offers you unique-Romance type of Anime. If you are looking for a cheesy yet laid back feel that doesn't invoke much of heavy feeling of sadness I would highly recommend watching this one. The rating doesn't necessarily reflect the overall quality of this series, yes it is not perfect, but it is worth the watch.. . The traditional romance anime contains a Male Character being the cool guy while the Female Character being the shy and timid one. However in this Anime, you are introduced to an unusual pair of Shikimori and Izumi. As the title suggests that "Shikimori is not just a cutie", this ...
Love this show, its really great. I shouldn't really write a review ngl but I wanted to anyways. I might have possibly put the show on hold almost exactly a year ago to watch other stuff and didn't pick it up until like 3 days ago. But I'm happy I finished it I guess.. . The show is really nice, I love the art style and the animation, I love the characters, I love the music, I love the story.. Oh something big, I love both the openings and endings for this show, the first set was my favorite but the second ones kinda grew on me ...
Well i should say this one's kind of Underrated. The story is somewhat simmiler to Strike the Blood. But not as cringe.. Here's what i like about it.. . Animation:7/10. Story: Pretty Rushed. Alot of missing pieces. 5/10. Action:7/10. Harem:9/10. (I really like the main girl). Ecchi:It has ecchi but not that lewd way.. Main character: Clueless typical.. Rommance:8.5/10. ...
This is less of a structured review and more so my thoughts on Brilliantly Shining Heresy as a sequel to Armored Trooper VOTOMS, discussing vaguely the direction and themes of the show without spoilers.. . Despite how wacky Brilliantly Shining Heresy may seem at first as a sequel to VOTOMS, I do feel like it is a good continuaton of the elements explored in the final arc of the show.. Brilliantly Shining Heresy explored more of the religious and secret society beliefs in the setting which was interesting following the end of VOTOMS where Chirico is revelaed as an overman who is now a known entity ...
English:. Honestly spectacular. I love this TV show. In my opinion, it is perfectly balanced between drama, fantasy and comedy, without falling into the vice of absurdity or cliché. Although it is the classic story of the protagonist who takes advantage of the bug to take advantage of the memories of her past life, this resource is not abused, so it is not tiring. Furthermore, you can see how the protagonist grows in each chapter, maturing and facing situations that do not always turn out perfectly beautiful as if everything were a scene scripted for her benefit. All without leaving aside the tender, fantastic and comedic ...
I am going first to Quote something that I saw from this series... A professor teaches for his failures... Or for his victories.. . Certainly Ansatsu Kyoshitsu is not your conventional Shonen manga and decides to throw away trying to be the next BEST ACTION SERIES...or try to make the BEST ARCS IN SHONEN HISTORY to be more of an educational story...a story of a professor that wants to give a lesson to his students that they will not forget and it's pretty interesting since I see it gives a lot of critics on how the education system works...the different problems that teenagers have and it ...
Flashbacks in Frieren are some of the most seemingly well placed story arcs that have been done well. This show didn't need to go so damn hard in its fights scenes but it did and i am glad that they did. This is a modern masterpiece in the making and i am glad to see it while airing. I hope you enjoy Frieren and it is a well deserved 10/10 show for me. If you are not looking for complex world building or stories I would highly recommend it. While most stories starts of with the goal of defeating the demon king and gets distracted ...
I've head of this romance anime quite a while ago but never went into it. No idea why. And I hate myself for that. This anime really pictures well so many aspects of life in such little amount of time (6 episodes).. It really impressed me. Thus, the animation, the story and ending (no spoilers I promise) is what's making it shine so much.. . The animation quality is phenomenal. Sure there is better out there, but the fact that it only lasted 6 episodes compared to the recent years standard 12-13 episodes series make it so that budget was probably put on the quality over quantity. ...
One Outs is a must-watch for people who enjoy sports anime and people who enjoy intelligent main characters.. . It follows the main character Toua Tokuchi who is a street swindler but he is found by a major league baseball star who tries to beat him in his own game but loses. Toua follows this man to America and starts playing for a major league baseball team and uses his intellect to manipulate the players.. . I rated it 10/10. . Sports. Adult cast. psychological. . ...
This underrated show was one of my favorite shoujo anime when I was 13 and I still really love it ! its abit like a magical girl take on fairytales to a degree what I really liked is this anime does not really follow the typical magical girl formula I feel it stands out on its own and it has more depth to it than what you would expect , the characters are all pretty likeable and go through development Himeno and Hayate have the classic tsundere thing going on mainly with Hayate who starts off really cold be he warms up to her and ...
To be honest, I had my reservations about anime sequels at the beginning. Before Clannad After Story, I had never given a thought to this genre of anime, but that was about to change. On the contrary to the expectations, it not only equaled to it but went beyond in several aspects. The drama and romance stayed, but this time these two were explored in a much deeper level, whereas the comedy lost nothing. Or rather, the series continued exactly where the previous one stopped, inviting us to revisit the past with a wave of nostalgia. However, there was a kind of morbid sweetness bubbling ...
It is a great and one of the most funniest animes i have watched so far, if you are able to understand some of these jokes.. some of them were so hilarious I can't explain and refrences to so many other anime and trends that you will most likely miss them if you are not active on social media .. . If you love and understand jokes then this anime is highly recommended .. . The artsyle is a bit baby like but it doesn't lack in story.. . This damn website doesn't allow me to upload just few words on this anime but it want a full review like i am ...
I'm a little at crossroads when it comes to evaluating this season. It had its ups and downs for sure.. . The storyline underwent a number of changes, especially the Shibuya incident arc that was a critical turning point. On the other hand, I was disappointed by the fact that some characters died and didn’t get the closure they should have had. Furthermore, the battle scenes were too long and dragged on, so the tension of the next episode had a little bit of struggle. However, I am aware of the studio’s desire to stay as close to the manga as possible.. . It was done really well in ...
I’m watching 1 episode of Dragon Ball Kai (Dub) every night. It’s unfortunate that I learned about Akira Toriyama’s passing before I even finished the Saiyan Saga.. . After completing the Saiyan arc, I can almost safely say that Kai is one of the best ways to enjoy DBZ. The content is almost the same as the manga, but they do include some filler such as the inclusion of Gregory, or Kami’s backstory, etc.. The removal of filler does have some drawbacks, although Piccolo’s friendship towards Gohan is more believable in the manga, it feels oddly rushed. However, Gohan’s increasing respect for Piccolo is for some reason ...
Heartwarming and wholesome, this is a great anime if you want to watch a feels-good romance. Also, for once, the main character is not the cool, good-looking and smart boy, but his towering, naive and "ugly" friend (often compared to a gorilla): the kind-hearted Takeo.. We follow his high-school adventures with Suna and a girl they meet on the train, Yamato, as they save her from an harasser. For Takeo it's love at first sight!. . STORY: 7/10. Nothing to write home about, but it's enjoyable in its simplicity. Subverting the trope of the "good looking MC" and having Takeo taking its place is kind of refreshing. The story ...
A teenage girl involved with some questionable acquaintances is a wonder with a golf club, so much so that she makes her rent payment through playing courses for professionals as a proxy, and through private bets where the stakes are high. Her perspective and ambitions are challenged and changed completely when she meets another junior golfer her age, who is also an aspiring professional.. . Birdie Wing has everything and the kitchen sink, from shady organizations that engage in life-and-death gambling, to rainbow-colored and specially-named golf club swings that make them seem like some kind of ultimate attack, to corporate ambition and greed. It dangles the prospect ...
Its emotional, its engaging, its fast-paced, its gory it delivers just like the game (well after 2.0 when i checked it out) sadly i wish it was longer. Edgerunners takes place in Night City, the city of dreams as its often called the city that is overrrun with coperations,gangs and crime. The main character is David Martinez just a lowly street kid trying to make it in this corrupted city. Hes been served a shit hand and well it gets worse for him in the 1st episode. We understand david motivations and we learn about what is going on in the world. You ...
VR MMO player spends his time in his favorite MMO hours before the servers are set to go offline.. He remanences to himself about the good ole days adventuring with his friends who have all abandoned the game. He falls asleep in the game but when he wakes up he realizes he has become his MMO character and that the MMO world has completely changed.. His goal is to take over this new world.. . The main character isnt boring but not really that interesting. He just isnt a deep character. The English voice sounds alot like Liam Neeson but isnt.. The mc is not evil. But he's ...
I saw all the anime today, including the OVAs. Took a peek at the game endings and read about the production of the story.. . This is my personal experience with the show, that I think it's different from your usual take. Here's the context.. . I personally left the anime community years ago for many reasons (offline and online), and now I follow my own rules when I watch anime. Not to bore you with it, but what's important in this case is that I try to make my own opinion based on my personal entertainment with the show and know as little spoilers as possible.. . All ...
🇧🇷 Portuguese Review Below. ----------------------------. . I got up from the sofa cheering, vibrating and crying: 10/10 🌟. . I found it wandering around Crunchyroll in 2019, looking for some works to watch, and I found it without any intention, I didn't know about its fame or popularity, and with that, I only knew that it was recommended by Marcos from IntoxiAnime (Brazilian anime channel on YouTube) .. . I remember that when I started watching it, at that time, I became absurdly addicted, especially when the games started to become more frequent, I remember taking my notebook to university, in addition to studying, I also watched Haikyuu!! I was really hooked ...
THE WAY I GASPED IN THE LAST EPISODE WHEN "THAT PERSON" WAS REVEALED. Yes, I'll start strongly from the very end of the show.. . But let's get back to the review itself. Genre-wise it is a gem in the world of mystery and drama. There are a lot of questions that have to be talked about: starting from resource limitations and distribution, political games, ignorance, revolutions, and ending with trivial human relationship problems. Along with the complex issues we are given the riddles to solve and answers to find ourselves.. . Characters are magnetic. Yes, at some point you can feel like they're flat and ...
Story (9) :. Honestly, episodes 1 - 2 of the Gojo Past arc were very boring but I was relieved that Toji carried the arc. The Shibuya Incident Arc story is very good, the plotting is also good but what I still feel is lacking is that it talks a lot and in my opinion in jujutsu kaisen verse, the powers they use such as Cursed Energy, Cursed Object, cursed spirit, cursed techniques are very complex. But in jujutsu kaisen season 2 there is a lot of improvement compared to season 1. Shibuya Incident Arc is what makes jujutsu kaisen season 2 so good because of ...
This anime was truly a trip in every sense of the word. The range of emotions this show is able to pack in with only 10 episodes was honestly refreshing. There were some parts that were genuinely laugh out loud hilarious.. . My score:. Animation: 2/2. Characters: 2/2. Story: 3/3. Enjoyment: 3/3. Overall: 10/10. . The animation was honestly so perfect for the atmosphere. So many shots of this were wall paper worthy. The characters emotions were also highlighted really well through their facial expression, to the point where it was unsettling how realistic they were.. ...
A showcase animation in animation and heart. The depiction of real life is standard fare but the virtual world of OZ pops with striking avatar designs (at least two of them) and many moving bodies all pasted on a white background. Summer Wars recalls War Games but with a greater emphasis on strength through family. The family is mostly a joy to watch with none of them grating which helps maintain the movie's pace. The scope of the movie starts fairly small befitting the rural setting but quickly blows up to a ridiculous extent which is a bit of a shame because the concept of ...
If you are reading this, please do not be dissuade with the rating of the Series it is by no means a terrible watch. Just like the quote say "Do not judge a book by it's cover". That being said, before proceeding to watch this Anime, I would like to emphasize that if you are looking for an adrenaline fueled Isekai I would recommend looking for something else. That being said, if you really want to watch this Anime and want a relaxing/passive/auto flight (or what ever you want to call it) Isekai genre I would definitely recommend this Series.. . I've Been Killing Slimes for 300 ...
Shirobako is a great anime, every second within each episode is worth watching. Though, I would definitely would emphasize to have PATIENCE first as the plot has as low build up, but that in it self is why it's worth watching for.. . Shirobako Anime offers one of the unique and interesting plot in the Anime history, which is why the show is great in it's own way. The Series slaps you about life that it is not a fairy tale, once you graduate from school you are faced with a harsh reality that finding a job is hard. Some may be lucky, but often times some ...
Very good and very solid story up untill this fufa or faufa or whatever her name is starting to go crazy and the last few episodes are nothing but blown out fight scenes.. . this isnt dragon ball z and i aint watching it for stuff like that. i watch it for the nihalistic misery that the characters are in.. . the more nihlistic. misrable. and horryfying is the future of the characters in the show the better. and dont you dare judge me on that.. . its reletable because this is exactly how the world is (for some people. me included) those who have good life cant relate.
The show is Great in terms of overall plot, I can definitely say that every minute within each episodes doesn't contain a dull moment. That being said, we are introduced to our Male MC (Amane) and our Female MC (Mahiru). Just like some traditional Male MC in every romance genre in the majority of Animes, he is an average guy. While Mahiru on the other hand is the total opposite in terms of Social Hierarchy within their entire school which makes them an odd pair. That is exactly why this Show is Great, because it creates a unique experience to the viewers as to how ...
Say, are you a traveler?. . Do you drift between little worlds, are you a creature set in open motion? Are you an outsider, a mere observer unfettered by the obligatory laws of attachment? How must it feel to be unbound and dictating your own freedom grounded by a sturdy principle of self-preservation? Please, tell me your stories.. . I am like a citizen of some country at some corner susceptible to intake the chronicles of every outsider as indelible imprints to my meager life. Perhaps you feel the same instead; our kind who shoulders the sanctity of community through settlement make up the brunt of the population. Thankfully ...
Romance is the genre featuring the best works of fiction as well as the most generic. Watching a romance show is like throwing a dice and hoping it will be the one show to capture your heart. Boku no Kokoro no Yabai Yatsu, or in short "Bokuyaba" is that show you have been throwing so many dice to find.. . Ichikawa Kyoutarou, the protagonist of our story displays stereotypical signs of asocial behaviour. He reads books to distance himself from everyone in his class. Just like other stories about asocial individuals, however, this story has a savior that will help Ichikawa gain the human-to-human interactions, that all ...
Only from the passage and massage that wants to be conveyed from this story is very good. from this short life, have we achieved our wishes and desires with those who are close to us or even those we care about? A story that again slaps us with the reality of how short our lives are.. . I know that the comments I gave above might be too cringe or awkward. It's also possible that those of you watching Frieren feel that we as viewers are presented with hyperbolic drama stories, but isn't that what we sometimes want to always feel? Immerse in the feeling of feeling ...
This movie just reminded me of how Haikyuu used to give me chills! This series is so good at building the hype moments and stakes! I am genuinely mad at myself who just discovered Haikyuu around two years ago, this show flipped my perspective on the sports genre, I thought SlamDunk was going to be the only sports series that I liked but omg Haikyu is a really well-made sports series as well, no wonder so many people call this series as PEAKYUU 😩This movie might not be as mind-blowing as the S3 but omg it's still PEAK! And the animation is incredible! Wayyyyyyyyyyyyyy better ...
After first Coming Across this Movie some years ago it never really struck a chord with me until I rewatched it. ''The Girl who Leapt Through Time'' is an anime I still enjoy because of its simple message.. Truly time waits for no one, and Life moves on you must never take for granted what you have because you will never truly appreciate it until its gone. On my rewatch I noticed little details that I had missed earlier. I also wandered how my perception to the movie would have changed. Three Years may not seem like a long time, but I have changed a lot ...
Bro, this anime's just a feel good anime. It is simply too good. (btw did you know it was written by the same guys that made the death note manga). You quite literally feel the ups and downs of the main duo and it is exhilarating. I can't put it into words.. . It balances drama into it's story quite decently and I remember numerous times where I was jumping out of my seat when I learned something. The main duo is likeable - they essentially feel like what real people would be like when doing what they do, jumping for joy in moments of glee and ...
Solo Leveling's animation, while slightly above average, excels in fluid fight sequences and brings magical realms to life. The voice acting is praiseworthy, though there's a bit of name confusion in the subtitles. The soundtrack is a standout, featuring impactful music that enhances the viewing experience.. . Despite the adaptation successfully capturing the essence of the manhwa, it falters in preserving iconic moments, such as the aftermath of defeating the B-rank assassin, and skips memorable lines like "the abyss looks back." Sung's facial design is a letdown compared to the detailed art in the source material.. . The pacing may feel rushed, leaving some plot elements underexplored. However, the ...
5/5 stars. . Peter Grill and the Philosopher's Time is a delightful romp through the absurdities of the harem genre, wrapped in the trappings of a fantasy world. If you're someone who enjoys a healthy dose of humor, ample fan service, and a protagonist caught in the most awkward of situations, then this anime is tailor-made for you.. . The premise revolves around Peter Grill, a skilled and renowned fighter who has just won the prestigious "Strongest Man in the World" tournament. However, his victory comes with unexpected consequences when he discovers that winning means he's now the most desirable mate for women across the land, both human and ...
Story & Plot: 5/10. It is kinda jumbled in a mess, but it is not bad that it ruined anything.. . World Building: 6/10. The world was very unique although it was left unexplored from the glimpse of it it looks very vast and beautiful.. . Characters: 4/10. I guess the weakest thing about this are characters, i hardly felt anything when it comes to the charcters, they are inconsistent and one dimensional. everyone have their 1 main emotion and only on different ocassion does they suddenly become another character completely. The mc is just a tryhard to be cool.. . Art: 6/10. The art is unique but i dont really enjoy it that much, ...
Reading some of the mixed and negative reviews here, it's hard not to feel like those reviewers and I watched completely different shows. While firmly a high school coming-of-age story, Kids on the Slope has the kind of originality in execution and genuine heart that easily puts it a cut above the rest in its genre. I knew from the first episode that I was beholding something truly special. As every episode passed I experienced that regret which comes from knowing your first watch of an anime masterpiece will be over all too soon.. . DUB/VOICE ACTING. Because I've been watching a lot of subs recently, I ...
This will be a non spoiler review. Wow. Just....wow. Words can not describe my feelings after watching this anime. This anime came after I finished Attack on Titan season 3. When I was waiting for the 4th season to drop I was scrolling around Amazon Prime looking for a show to watch and then I came across this. I thought "wow, ok, I guess I'll give this little Viking show a chance". I never realized that I had just clicked on the greatest piece of anime in history. No, this is not a exaggeration. Vinland Saga is the greatest anime created. I'll even go as ...
Duel Masters was a show with soooo much potential.. Its the Magic The Gathering version of Yu-Gi-Oh.. . The plot is interesting. The main characters are likeable.. The duels are fun to watch. The monsters look cool.. The card game itself is actually well made and fun to play.. . However the anime feels cheaply made in some areas. Especially the audio quality. Sometimes you can barely hear what some people are saying.. The animation is not great. Sometimes straight up terrible.. . ...
Oh Saint Seiya. My adored. My beloved.. . What is there to say about Saint Seiya that hasn't already been said? That it was fumbled so hard by DiC that no one in America has ever heard of it? That it has more plot holes than plot threads? That most of the characters have stupid backstories that make no sense, and that it retreads character arcs like there's no tomorrow?. . Sure. Fine. Fine! I will acknowledge that Saint Seiya is no Mob Psycho or [insert quality anime of the month here], but what it lacks in plot coherence (and at times, animation), it makes up for in charm. ...
This is magnificent, the intentions when creating this work are visible. Every tiny detail is surprisingly relaxing and conforting, constantly welcoming those feelings.. I feel like a member of the outdoor activities group along with the characters. It was so welcoming that I was excited for their next camping trips. However, the anime awakened my desire to have a camping experience, but thinking about it is crazy since it was not an interesting activity in my eyes.. For those who like something cute or funny, it will be a direct hit, serving as a great option, since the aesthetics deliver a cute approach. Under a ...
This is the biggest injustice i've seen on MAL. Somehow Genocyber has a higher score. I'll use it as a parameter: If the gore in Genocyber can give you the ick and put you away, the gore in Apocalypse Zero is tasteful, funny, and peppered in correct dosage. This OVA is the perfect blend of funny, interesting and insightful, with a brisk and breezy pace covering the first 3 volumes of the manga. I'm hooked, and I will be reading the manga to know more.. . The design is lovely, both in human characters and monsters. The background setting, the story, will make you see the connections ...
Lucky Star has lots of game/anime/manga/japanese culture references and sometimes it's funny.. But should you watch the show because of that? Not really.. . The main goal of Lucky Star is to make you say "Bro, I feel that". The characters' dialogues are so realistically casual that you get the feeling you've been in those situations before, even if you never have. The characters, timeless art style, goofy background music and the overall feeling of coziness do magic and make it one of the most unique slice of life anime shows. And should I even mention that Konata is the most accurate representation of gamers and anime fans ...
After rewatching Season 1 and diving straight into Season 2, I couldn't help but notice that Season 1 was much more colorful and vibrant in comparison. Now, don't get me wrong, it's not necessarily a bad thing. The anime still retains its finesse, but I can't help but wonder why some studios opt for this style, especially when continuing the series. It's hard for me to see how that's an improvement.. . Now, if you'll indulge me for a moment, I have a little rant to get off my chest. One unforgivable sin in anime, in my opinion, is delving too deeply into stories and relationships that ...
I am a big fan of shows that il be quite honest doest just appeal “ to female gaze” , but also have a interesting story. that’s why I’m a big fan of Hiroko Utsumi work such sk8 as u can see by my pfp, and banana fish especially I feel like this is her talking theses aspects from these story’s and using them creative way to make something wild it’s honestly really interesting. whether It be the queer subtext she like ads in all her shows although il be honest this show compared to sk8 has its moments but ist ...
I already watched Trigun a long time ago and it really became one of my favourite anime. But Trigun stampede just hyped everything even more. First of all Studio orange did an incredible job,all the fight scenes were incredible and the ost especially the piano was on another level,they showed about everything in the span of just 12 episodes, I watched Trigun before and I can say that Trigun seemed too stretched out sometimes but Stampede on the other hand came right to the point and made everything seemed more interesting. Then I also liked how in stampede they made Knives more of a villainous ...
In a sea of isekai and "ordinary Japanese schoolboy" anime, this series stands out as a breath of fresh air. Its story is not just unique but captivating, with characters that are both well-written and original, setting a standard for character development in the genre. The lore and storytelling mode draw a delightful parallel to "Isekai Ojisan," yet manages to surpass it with its depth and engagement. Visually, it shares a similar art design with "Meikyuu Black Company" and "Sentouin, Hakenshimasu!" which adds to its charm. Each episode has been a joy to watch, consistently delivering quality content that keeps viewers hooked. This anime is ...
In the world of isekais full of op mc's and insane fights but low budgets that doesnt support any war scenes, this chill farming anime is like a bless from the god. I don't remember last anime I laughed so hard while watching it. Everything about this anime is wholesome. Storyline, characters, musics and even animation style.. . I can promise this, you will forget the outer world for 4 hours straight while watching this show and enjoy what it gives to you.. . Starting with the characters:. Mc is a basic man wishes to be happy and beloved by others but his poor life in the real world ...
Season 2 of 'Bottom-tier Character Tomozaki-kun' continues the captivating journey of Fumiya Tomozaki, Japan's gaming ace turned social novice. Building on the solid foundation of its first season, the anime explores deeper into the complexities of human nature and personal growth, delivering a rich tapestry of drama, romance, and comedy.. . The series cleverly intertwines gaming elements with real-life challenges, portraying social interactions as missions and character development as leveling up, adding a unique flavor to the narrative. While the first season primarily focused on Fumiya's individual growth, the second season expands its scope, delving into the intricacies of relationships and the dynamics of the larger social ...
When it comes to school romcom, we have cliché all over the place. Kimi ni todoke does take part in some of them, but in a refreshing way. This romance does show unique traits and a very clever character development. It became my new favourite anime, without a doubt. Either because of the story, animation or just the execution, this anime has everything it needs to be a great romcom to watch by anyone.. . The story is about an introvert girl finding love. Someone that scares easily others because of her facial expression. This bit from the synopsis may be a bit pushed to the extreme ...
A 3 episode OAV based upon the shoot'em'up series with the same title plus the Gradius games (that are sets in the same shared universe?) where a war against eldrichtian space monstrosites known as "bacterian" is on the loose between two forces from the Planet Gradius and Lotus, as been introduced in the second OAV.. . The show pace is good, maybe a little too long and stretched in the first episode, the charatcherization is... Decent, i must say, but with the original source (that i don't know at it's best, sorry) i don't know what to expect, there's be only starships and aliens, and the "original" ...
I'll keep it short and concise. I'm 28. I am working from home, bored as hell cuz my work allows me to have enough free time to even game while in working hours.. . I am out of anime to watch almost, and I must have repeated 4 times Frieren beginning to now at the very least. To occupy my free time as it's the best feel-good anime I've ever seen.. . Love it's episodic nature, love the slice-of-life pace, love the approach to the living too long of a life theme, as somene who follows Bryan Johnson and is trying to reverse aging to also live to be ...
It's recommended to those who love psychological, cyberpunk. Story Development ☆☆. 1. The screenplay was not original.. 2. The urge to quit was not there in fact, the atmosphere created makes you want to get to the end of the film.. 3. A few questions after the end of the film.. 4. The story tries to appear complicated by asking questions about life such as: "Who can call themselves a human being?" but it fails in my opinion.. 5. NO memorable quotes.. 6. Action anime but action I saw little of it. The fight at the end is poorly realized, short-lived, and done in the American style: the shots don't catch you, ...
In a future where large, manually-operated robots are manufactured for the purposes of performing a heavy workload, from construction to military usage, Second Special Vehicles Division is responsible for ensuring that the operation of these large machines - also known as labors - remains safe and that citizens are secure in the event of misusage.. . Primarily an episodic experience, the television series of Patlabor follows the (mis)adventures of the Second Special Vehicles Division. The show is a moderately formulaic experience, with predictable adversity occurring throughout, but there are interludes of character arcs and conflict arcs. Despite being episodic in nature, the experience is enriched by its ...
I've re-watched Golden Boy probably 4 or 5 times now. It's hilarious, and everyone I've shown it to has loved it (a very binge-able show since the whole thing is ~3 hours). It's a really low commitment for some timeless humor! The six episodes follow similar premises, each with their own little moral to the story but each with their own twist, and it all ties together in the final episode nicely. Kintaro is probably my favorite MC of all time, he's the goat fr fr. . I don't have anything else to say besides at least watch the first episode and if that's enjoyable, the rest ...
I like this anime because it is childhood friends turning into lovers. Every episode is funny, and the characters are interesting. I love every episode, but my favorites were "When Tomo puts on a swimsuit and Abandoned Cinderella". I did enjoy the genres romance and comedy, their faces were funny, and the two characters have romance feelings for each other. The art is good. The characters are cool and tomo is strong and a tomboy. Her bast friend Misuzu is scary and smart, and Carol is an air head and very cheerful. Junichiro is Tomo's love interest, he is nice and strong. His flaw was ...
My first hentai. This is a seriously touching story about a guy realizing his masculinity and making long lasting friendships with the women in his life. Of course there's sex and these girls are put in a lot of positions to make up for the early 2000s animation quality. It's playful and clean while still staying sexy, also there's a very good english dub.. . Story is really unique and the scenes have universal sexual appeal. The characters are generally well-rounded except when side characters are used for brief sexual scenes. Even with side characters you get insight into their daily life and personality during the scenes ...
Karekano, also known as "His and Her Circumstances," is a work by the well-known Hideaki Anno, primarily known for Evangelion. And I can confidently say it is the most beautiful piece I have ever found among sentimental anime.. . As the title suggests, it's obviously about a love story between high school students. We are often accustomed to finding sentimental, school-based, or more adult-themed anime that constantly plays on creating situations that lead to the protagonists getting closer until they end up together. Karekano is one of the many cases that takes a different path.. . In Karekano, the relationship between the two protagonists, Soichirou Arima and Yukino Miyazawa, ...
First of all DO NOT watch SSSS.Dynazenon until you have watched SSSS.Gridman!. . I originally wached Gridman when it aired weekly and thought it was a good show, but nothing spectacular. Fast forward a few years later and we have Dynazenon, the new entry in the same universe. It sadly came out when I was still experiencing a massive anime burnout and wasn't watching anything but now finally all this time later, I got around to watching it and I'm very glad for that.. . Without going into spoilers, Dynazenon's story is very similar to Gridman's; bad guys make Kaijus cause chaos, good guys are there to solve the ...
This is my first MAL review but giving it a 10/10 for this being some of the funniest/most chaotic sh*t I've ever seen in anime, even on multiple re-watches.. . It uses romance and romance anime tropes as a source of comedy but the best part of the show is the friendships and just watching the characters hang out. This show is not a romance anime or even a rom-com but an ensemble comedy about romance that's a lot more gag-based and has a lot of witty dialogue. I don't want to spoil the jokes or else it ruins it, but some of them deconstruct the archetypes ...
Art piece.. . I'm not going to lie, I was a little meh about the first two movies (chronologically). I came into this expecting it to have a climax, since that's what fate does most of the times (with earlier movies building up and later ones having a big conclusion). HOWEVER, I was not expecting this at all. Right of the bat, the first half the movie was already a step up to the previous one, I was watching it with a friend and in the first 15 minutes I literally told him "I'm going to give it a 10 without even watching it" and I have ...
Sweet. I think that best encapsulates the second season of this show.. They really stuck the landing, and though the show takes it time teasing the conclusion, I'm glad they ended it how they did.. . It's nice to have a show for once that knows its place, its themes, and leaves on the high mark it has been building towards all along.. . This won't change your life, it won't be in your top 10 shows of all time, but it will likely leave you with a smile. Which is nice among the wealth of gray and dreary offerings or sequel bait that isekai so often loses itself in.. . Again ...
Set in a fantasy world, this story follows the journey of a main character named Frieren, a wizard who has lived for hundreds of years. Even though he had dealt with many lives and deaths, he still held onto the idea that human life was a precious thing.. . The depiction of characters and events in this manga is said to be quite deep and complex. Frieren as the main character faces deep emotional challenges as he witnesses the shortness of human life and struggles with death. There is a strong philosophical aspect to this story, which discusses the meaning of life, death and memory.. . Apart from that, ...
Tasogare Otome is a very memorable anime. You might even say this anime is closer to an art love letter than a serious, dramatic, oh-my-gosh-i-am-crying-its-so-tragic type of anime. Which sucks because so many people just rate any as good if there's a huge climax or traggic suffering story like Ghibilis Fireflies.. . But that's not the case with Tasogore and why I decided to honor this anime with a solid 10. Why? Because it finishes what it aims to achieve. It has an interesting story, a plot that stretches until the final conclusion, and its all tied in wonderfully with beautiful art styles and sound.. . Does it ...
So, I just checked out this movie called Queen Bee. Overall, it's got its ups and downs. The story has its moments, but it's a bit inconsistent at times. The animation style is decent, but you can tell there were some budget and time constraints, especially during the action scenes. Sound-wise, it's alright, but it doesn't hit you like the 1983 movie did.. . As for character development, it's a mixed bag. There's some solid drama in there, but also some weak spots. Despite its flaws, I still had a good time watching it, especially as a fan of the 1983 flick. Oh, and that final scene ...
So, let's get started on this anime. This time it's not so much about the intriguing politics that were interesting because they were so different from what we are used to. This differentiation of the first series lies in the fact that the series has something new to give, which allows it to stand out amongst other Gundam shows. Yet, with the occurrences of the latest season, the political aspects, the problems which seem to have been conveniently put aside, have taken the backseat. However, would this trend towards development of characters compensate for a loss of exciting events? It might be true but it ...
An ancient and heroic mage with no sense of time reunites with old friends while making new ones along her journey across the lands. Her quest is one of closure and in her search for this she rekindles cherished memories while creating more alongside her new companions, all the while attempting to collect magics rare and forgotten, and occasionally finding herself inside the odd Mimic.. . Sousou no Frieren treads a line of being thematically fantasy and adventure with interludes of slice-of-life while also pursuing an overarching narrative goal that is personal to the main character. It is slow and sincere, spending a luxuriant amount of its ...
Overlord is pretty interesting, as much as story is kinda simple and most of the characters don't have really a space for some character development because of reasons in story, it's still funny. Anime offers a lot of good jokes and situations and I would say it's doing it from a bit different perspective. Even though I like this kind of isekai anime, I couldn't really relate to some MMORPG player emotions and experience till now, not even with SAO.. . It was a bit nostalgic for me in this sense and I believe it is/was/will be even for a lot of other people. It offers a ...
User based rankings suck. But this is a unique case i couldn't agree more with the majority.. Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood or FMAB for short is a amazing story with a amazing adaptation. Lets see my reasoning behind my scoring.. . Let's start of with the animations and art. It is fantastic. There are some moments that was really bad due to 2000s CGI, but it doesn't matter to me. The fights are awesome and fluid. Has unique aspects and very characteristic. Especially in the later episodes the quality goes up a notch. But what did you expect, it's Bones we're talking about here. Character designs are really ...
What would happen if you took the Powerpuff Girls and turned it into an anime.. But then you get really weird with it and make it an ecchi anime.. But thats not all, you show the story from the villain’s perspective.. Well you get Mahou Shoujoni Akogarete (Gushing Over Magical Girls). . Hiiragi Utena loves the magical girls trio (Tres Magia) who protect her city. She dreams of becoming a magical girl herself.. One day a magical creature shows up and it looks like this creature may be the answer to that dream. However instead of becoming a magical girl she becomes a villainess against her will. ...
I watched this anime the day it premiered, and after watching the first 4 episodes, I was bored and almost dropped it. However, I kept watching new episodes week after week. After 10 episodes, my opinion changed, and it became one of my favorite anime of all time. Now, I understand the meaning behind the first episodes. The story is pretty interesting and not boring at all (after the first episodes), and there are so many hyped scenes. Her past and present stories are well-written. If you like some action scenes, of course, there's a lot more in this anime, and the animations are incredible ...
Frieren explores the concepts of grief and humanity through the lens of a stoic, seemingly ageless elf. The setting is a standard D&D style fantasy with a focus on magic's impact on humanity.. It's a bit hard to say what's so good about this anime without spoiling what happens, but I've loved every second of it and recommend it to any fantasy lover.. It's slow, but thoughtful. The dialogue is engaging, but you're not left wanting more action for too long before the show delivers.. The animation and voice acting are top notch. The bgm isn't a perfect 10, but it's clearly not the focus of the series, ...
The Dead End crew, continue on their grand journey.. . * see Mushoku Tensei part one review for more context. . Story 9/10. The overall quality of the story stays the same, ranging from great to just okay, also making many improvements. The adventure setting is extremely fun, since we get to visit so many beautiful places and meet many characters. The first two episodes were tied together in a really neat way, definitely my favorite part of this season. There's also a fair amount of character development, which was really needed. The extremity of explicit content is toned down and more focus is put on actual comedy, but the ...
Frieren is not just an anime or a manga, it's a fantasy story and that's the reason behind its succes. By far the best adaptation i've ever had the pleasure of watching. I'll try to prove the reasoning behind these statements being completely spoiler free as i'm up to date with anime and manga.. . The worldbuilding is basically flawless. Often when watching or reading any media we can have the feeling that the author puts stuff for a purpose and then he explains only once he figured out how to insert it in the story without messing anything up. With Frieren i never once had this feeling, ...
An absolute delight! This is one of my favourites this season, even with some of the other amazing titles in competition. The anime itself is both chill and relaxing but with a dash of action and a surprising amount of comedy that actually had the ability to make me laugh, none of those weak jokes or predictable puns that just make me roll my eyes, but instead trying to hide giggles.. . The characters all looks great, some nice refreshing designs instead of the same generic black haired MC, and almost all the characters are adorable and interesting. I think nearly every single one I've become invested ...
I know I'm late to the party but I just want to form my final opinion on the series.. . Attack on Titan has become my personal 5 stages of grief, because of my expectations. I checked out during the third season but I continued to watch this long anticipated show to find out how it ends. Attack on Titan is a battle shonen first and foremost, not a deep intricate character drama as I thought. And aside from Chainsaw Man is the only shonen I enjoyed immensely. It's like watching Demon slayer or JJK but everything between battles doesn't suck an enormous whale's dick, only a ...
This anime is truly a masterpiece and heavily underrated! I love how it had both comedy and a storyline, I couldn’t help laughing and anticipating the next episode when I watched it. I also loved how all the characters were different and funny in their own way, especially when they kept accusing each other of being dumb but they were just as dumb as each other. And Hasabe’s attempts at flirting were definitely smooth towards Lucy. It had a wholesome romance involved and I enjoyed every minute of it. This kind of office comedy/romance might not be for everyone, but those who enjoy a good ...
If you like anime that contains ghosts in it, I think this anime is suitable for you.. . At first I didn't have high expectations for this anime, at first I often saw it on my TikTok home page. I thought this was just a normal horror anime with the MC being a strange little kid. But for some reason I suddenly wanted to watch this anime. And it turns out I really enjoyed it, each episode was not boring at all. The gore is also good and the graphics don't seem too different from the manga.. I hope to watch anime like this again, or do you ...
Simply a lovely watch, always enjoyable to have a show with low stakes, lovable people all around and conflict focused on characters instead of arbitrary threats. With the protagonist's isekai role, the story organically escalates into her growing into her role as a saint.. The story follows a somewhat slow burn, with expected cases of everyone being amazed at the protagonist's capabilities surrounded by her exploration of this new world and its customs.. I love the art direction as well, with warm colours, a consistent setting and reasonably tasteful CGI use. You can sense the love put into the project.. Absolutely recommend this.
Shangri-la Frontier is a refreshing departure from the high-stakes, death-game narrative prevalent in the VRMMO genre. Instead of the usual imminent danger of real-life consequences, the anime focuses on a quirky ensemble of characters enjoying the virtual world, offering a delightful and nostalgic portrayal of kids simply having fun in a game—a welcome contrast to the often intense and serious tone of similar titles like the .Hack series, SAO, and Log Horizon. What sets "Shangri-la Frontier" apart is its seamless blend of fast-paced battles and silly humor. The adrenaline-pumping action sequences keep viewers on the edge of their seats, while the lighthearted banter and comedic ...
This one is lots of fun. The complete lack of a plot or narrative other than "girls are friends" doesn't become a problem because of the short runtime (all 12 episodes in total are about as long as 2 regular episodes of TV anime), and the show is funny and densely packed with jokes since it doesn't have a moment to spare. It even makes the punchlines land better in some cases ("brevity is the soul of wit", and all that).. . The show is also gorgeous. Without the intense schedule demands of a full series, director Ryosuke Nakamura (Grimgar) directs and storyboards the entire series himself, ...
This anime has unpredicted plot and fast paced story.. Apple may begin falling in my backyard but this anime pure a mess in positive way.. Of course Newton doesn't do anything here for this anime, but the logic equal E=MC2 absurdness which is equal a light positive.. It may need to take a while to pick up many good apples that falls from tree, same as this anime, has tons of characters, unique personality, goofiness, some lacks, and skills which really interesting.. Author put everything from different isekai to one storyline which become a complete paradox.. Like a real life, ignorance is a bliss, many characters in this anime ...
This anime is a breath of fresh air from all of the generic fantasy animes about demons, elves, mages etc. The focus isn't on action but the adventure the three main characters go through and the lessons they learn. The characters are very well written with no unnecessary fan service or the general black haired main character. The pacing is very very VERY slow and rightfully so, it's easy to just sit back and enjoy the visuals in the anime without worrying about them getting attacked or worse. It is bittersweet and there are moments where you'll shed a few tears from the wholesomeness. Of ...
In a world where lifespans span millennia, the fleeting existence of humans barely registers for those who have lived through countless generations. Yet, amidst this cosmic indifference, Frieren ventures into the profound depths of existential questions. From the onset, it unapologetically confronts the audience with the harsh realities of life: purpose, meaning, and the inevitability of our own demise. Within this exploration lies the intricate tapestry of regret, disguised in myriad forms.. . The series poignantly reminds us of the brevity of our lives, of our fleeting moments of prime. It prompts us to ponder: are we truly living, or merely existing? What will we regret when ...
I was very surprised by this anime. I came in thinking it was going to be like Shimoneta, where it is all dirty jokes. So, I came in thinking it would only be a 6/10 if lucky.. . But I was greatly surprised by the setting and the plot. Now, just know, I most of the time don't like fantasy, familiar romance stories, but I greatly enjoyed this.. . Now, I could understand how most don't like this because of the high amounts of suggested nudity, but to be honest, what did you expect from a high schooler making a demon his familiar?. . Overall, recommended.
A boy wishes to move on from an awkward phase of his life and recreate his image at a new school. Everything is going swell until he encounters an enigmatic girl whose eccentric behavior reminds him of the embarrassing memories he wishes to forget.. . Adolescence is the metamorphosis of youth, where the wildness of imagination becomes aware of its own existence, as well as the existence of those other imaginations surrounding itself. Love, Chunibyo & Other Delusions! is a thematic story that addresses this period of change in life with interludes of comedy, romance, and drama. The writing is strong on all fronts--the anime does a ...
Whenever curiosity compels me to read reviews on this site for an anime I thoroughly enjoyed. most reviewers will write a severely negative review that just happens to list off everything I really enjoyed about that anime,. in an entirely unsubstantiated way, as if these things were somehow universal axioms of inherent bad-ness.. This 10/10 masterpiece is one such anime.. . This isekai fever dream felt like I was watching the anime equivalent of Reizoko CJ style mashcore,. in that it chaotically switches between so many well established isekai tropes and themes at a dizzying pace. while simultaneously juxtaposing and pushing these themes into the realm of absurdity.. In fact, this anime ...
*No Spoilers*. This review is for Kimi no Na wa, or Your Name.. . Summary:. Your Name is a fantastical story of friendship and romance with a profound plot twist. The film has absolutely stunning art and a beautiful soundtrack. Overall, the characters are compelling and interesting, and the adventure they experience makes the story even more interesting than the romance. I recommend this film for its beautiful art and soundtrack. In my opinion, this is the best of Makoto Shinkai's works, and I suggest watching this before his others.. . Story: 8/10. Your Name is told through the lens of Mitsuha and Taki as they begin to suddenly change bodies. ...
So, I just finished binge-watching the third season of "Jigoku Shoujo" and I gotta spill some thoughts on it.. . First off, this season delves deep into some heavy psychological stuff. Like, we're talking about the kind of inner turmoil that messes you up big time. The main deal is Enma Ai, this supernatural chick who's all about dishing out justice by ferrying souls to the afterlife. Only twist? She's gotta use this schoolgirl as her vessel 'cause she's body-less. Yeah, it gets pretty wild.. . Now, let's talk vibes. The music? Emotional rollercoaster, man. It sets this melancholic yet captivating mood that sticks with you. And those sound ...
This season at last gives the solution to the long-standing puzzle of Saito's fate, though we have to wait a bit to get it. This season of the show has a different vibe than the previous season. It is a mixture of adventure in season 1, with a sprinkle of risqué element in season 2, and topped with a slice-of-life theme. The show does not have a major overarching narrative, instead, we see the lives of the characters on a daily basis, with hints of a bigger story for future seasons.. . The supporting characters who were the side characters in Season 2 take the limelight more ...
Just finished the series and holy smokes was it a ride.. . I was intrigued by the very first few episodes and this quickly became a series I was obsessed with. When I went to Japan I also made a point to quickly visit Ikebukuro to take a few pictures where the series took place.. . I haven't written many reviews but this series definetly deserves one.. . The first thing I want to touch on is rhe characters. Holy smokes are the characters good. That there is no main character might be the reason this series is so good and every episode feels intriguing. Well written, there's some genuine development ...
man absolute thrill watching galactic fight battles and mechs first anime and glad it was the first. now to the questions. yes the story is unique. art style was good in my opinion. the characters were each representing some core values like they were the ambassadors of these values. react in a realistic way come on its a story who wants realism. others will like it you have thy's approval. man why cant i publish the review oh got it i need more words ok ctrl c and ctrl v done ..... man absolute thrill watching galactic fight battles and mechs first anime and glad it was the first. now to the questions. yes the ...
this a standard isekai where a pastry chef kill in the middle of a pastry competition and reincarnated as the only son of a low noble that been breaking is back to turn a wasteland into a fertile land. the young Pas uses his past life knowledge to improve the land for his own goal of making great sweet again this a some romance although the main character a young boy throughout the series, political games, bandit attack and some battles between noble faction. . the story is good with some twist and turn and darker moment but overall a laid back easy anime ...
Another (2012). . Honestly, I wish it was longer! I remember seeing clips, I remember other shows parody this show as well.. . Another is a great ride, it has moments where you think about if they just spoke up so much could have been different but it does create great suspense. Horror anime is difficult, it always has been very difficult to make it work, but this is the right sort. You have a show that is creepy but yet straightforward, it isn't trying too hard to be scary but more gory.. . The artwork for 2012 looks fantastic! it honestly looks amazing.. . The sound is ominous, and ...
Criminally underrated.. . Fantastic animation, great characters, great setting, great story, great music... there's really nothing missing here. I've loved every episode so far, and I'm always looking forward to the next one.. . Frieren being 9.15 and Dungeon Meshi being 7.8 just doesn't make sense. These shows are of very similar quality in every area, and I personally prefer Dungeon Meshi (although I do really like Frieren).. . Seriously, give it a watch. It's great.. . Apparently my review needs more information, so... I guess I'll just gush about the show some more.. . I really love how teamwork is emphasized in Dungeon Meshi. The main characters only get as far as they do ...
It's truly disheartening to see people dismiss this series without even giving it a chance to understand its brilliance. It seems as though they've already made up their minds without delving into the depth and intricacies that make it a masterpiece in the making.. . Sure, it may not fit the conventional Shonen mold because it's not a Shonen traditional story, it's not a battle shonen, it doesn't have a traditional Male MC we follow on their journey so we can live bicuriously about him getting the girl. Yes, it doesn't have any of those elements but once you stop trying to compare to other stories you ...
Dragon Half is a creative, self-aware, raucously funny parody of 90s anime and all its stereotypes, complete with complicated fantasy setting, slimes, dragon girls, and magic. It handles itself with the exact amount of seriousness it ought to- none at all. It is archetypal of the mindless good time that many of these tiny OVAs had on offer during that era. Beginning with the story, it's a simple setup that makes sure not to get in the way of the comedy. Mink, a girl who's half dragon, and her two friends, are under attack by a fat oaf of a king and his hapless henchmen, ...
Well the Anime is not what you'd expect. It feels in-between Slice of life and rommance. Comedy is Okay.. The marketing is basically A stalker realises his mistakes and tries to better himself. But the girl figure's out she likes the stalker instead.. Wired story. But there's nearly any good moments with the main character and heroine.. Instead there's a middle schooler who's 10x better choice for him.. I just don't see the charm of the heroine. She's basically an average girl (studios average girl).. The girl is supposed to be tsundere. But she isn't quite that. The anime would have been better as a Slice of life if they ...
Trust me, this show is definitely worth spending time to watch. P5 is so underrated, i mean that it's so goodddd. I've through many anime and Persona series some of the greatest in my heart.. The story is pretty interesting and the animation was good, they are cool to me. The main character isnt as fire as other mc but his personality hits well, he isnt smart and powerful as I expected but give it a try, why not?. Gotta say, stay calm and patient watching the whole show, some scene was boring af and they continue on every single episode but if you put your imagination ...
At first glance, Sonny Boy might seem like a confusing mess that makes no sense at all. But it is one of my personal favorite animes; every episode leaves you with a new idea of what is happening and will keep you wanting more. It's very enjoyable, and the plot twists are not too predictable; they really shock you when they happen. All the characters are interesting, and it sometimes feels like they are all lying all the time. The pure vibe of this anime iis amazing! Would recommend!. . Finding out that the cat was voicated by him was crazy
Rarely review Hentais but this deserves one. I was not exoecting anything good but this hentai is better than I expected.. . The wholesomeness is good. The animation was decent than most in the genre. The stories is simple but well acceptable (aside from episodes 2 & 3 which is the same story, it has different stories for all episodes). Kinda predictable but we know that does not what we here for.. The sex scenes are decent and does the job done.. The characters are well liked atleast for me. . This is like one of bests H i have watched for atleast for this year. Pretty decent and good for my ...
Back in 1939, Earth faced a perilous threat from a bunch of aliens called the Neuroi. Our regular military couldn't quite handle them, so we had to think outside the box. That's when the 501st Joint Fighter Wing swooped in. They were a whole new kind of military unit, using fancy tech and some extraordinary ladies known as Witches with magical powers. Together, they took on those aliens and saved the planet.. . Now, the story of Strike Witches might not be the most groundbreaking. You've got the classic tale of a fresh group taking on invaders. But what makes it special is how each episode zooms ...
Alright, so let's dive into the first season of Jujutsu Kaisen, the anime everyone's been buzzing about. Buckle up, folks, 'cause we're gonna dissect everything from the animation to the characters and story.. . First off, the animation in this season is seriously top-notch. Mappa really outdid themselves here, especially in those later episodes like 19 and 20 where things just hit a whole new level of epic. The fight scenes? Oh man, they're like a dance of destruction, so well put together and downright spectacular. But hey, gotta admit, there were a few times where the character designs and backgrounds felt a bit off, but overall, ...
I love this show and have rewatched it countless times. It's ultra-chill, with great characters and a ton of wholesome moments, not to mention great comedy. This isn't about the overpowered protagonist or saving the world, this is about a girl helping people she's come to care about. This is all the more meaningful when you realise that she started off thinking she couldn't, and shouldn't, rely on anyone.. . Kuma Bear is a character narrative about a girl in a new world meeting people and slowly growing as a person. It focuses on comedy and it's ultra-chill theme. I very quickly grew to really care about ...
This review is short but I want to let anyone who's reading this to know that I know close to nothing about the Touhou series and the things I know come from the adult doujin, and that's still only about the characters' names.. . On its own, this anime is great. It has great animation, great music, and you can totally tell the ones who worked on it poured everything they've got into this series. Each episode is as short as 16 minutes, not including a minute for a recap, a minute for the opening and another one minute for the ending. So roughly about 12-13 minutes ...
TLDR. This show isn't without its flaws, and if you're not into Isekai this won't convert you. It is, however, fun with a (mostly) likable protagnoist, a slightly different spin and a silly plot that rarely takes itself too seriously.. . Further thoughts. Mitsuha is the protagonist. She's a go-getter, likable but somewhat mercenary in her convictions. While there is a fun supporting cast don't expect any found family stuff, despite the premise. She's looking out for herself mostly. This isn't a negative, but it is worth considering if you like the found family stuff.. . There's no real world building here and the final arc comes out of no-where. Again, ...
The jujitsu kaisen season 1 made me into something where I can't enjoy anymore anime which are mid. Season 1 has happy and this season Turned into absolute nightmaee and the season 3 will be fukin Deppresing.. . The pace, storytelling, voice acting all are almost perfect. The animation is where I felt lacking.. The maharaga fight was really bad in animation.. I hate the anime because of the suffering concept. It's all good until you make any characters "you are my special" 😂... Anyway I think yuji is better protagonist than yuta is he has better character development than yuta who Littrealy became 2nd gojo in a 2 ...
Unlike Sword Art Online: Extra Edition which was made mostly just to do a recap of Season 1 before Season 2 was released, Sword Art Online the Movie: Ordinal Scale has a full fledged story that brings the concept of the Augma to the Sword Art Online universe. What's also interesting is that Ordinal Scale is an original anime interquel taking place in between Mother's Rosario and Alicization. The manga adaptation of it came later.. . The Augma is a special device that projects a game layer in the user's area of vision while still being in reality. In other words, it's a middle ground between the ...
A Sign of Affection is an authentic, realistic, slice of life love story. If you’re looking for classic shojo tropes or big fanfare like gestures, this anime is not for you.. . This anime is a story of a fairly ordinary girl falling in love with a fairly ordinary boy. They meet in an ordinary way. They flirt, they develop crushes, they date. All in all, a pretty standard story. And that is what makes it so good: it’s an ordinary story done fantastically and realistically well. The story is relatable, it’s cute, and it will have you kicking your feet and smiling over every day ...
I will keep this short. I don't know why this anime is rated so low. In Winter 2024 there are hardly any good shows; the only one I am watching with pleasure is this one (Frieren and Apothecary Diaries from last season). This show has great production quality, great music, and animation, great direction, and a good shounen story. I will admit the story is not the best it is far better than other shounen shows.. If you are deciding if you should watch this show then give it a try. It is better than most Shounen shows and I know that you will enjoy it.
Is this movie good - like by the definition of how we as people judge storytelling, animation, and art? No. It is not. Not even close. Before I wrote this review for this movie, I read through what others had to say, and next to none had anything to say about the ethereal experience the ENGLISH DUB version of this movie is. If you have at all heard of the tales of the ludicrous Ghost Stories Dub, then you’re in for another experience with this one. While perhaps not as out there and shocking as the Ghost Stories Dub, this movie never failed to make ...
Perhaps it's because I haven't seen many CGDCT anime, but I find myself really enjoying Pon no Michi. Is it a masterpiece? Not at all. Is it enjoyable, cute, and fun for mahjong fans? I'd say so. I recommend this anime, but that comes with a caveat - for those mahjong fans looking for a serious story, this isn't the right show for that. For those Slice of Life fans looking to just sit back and enjoy without thinking, this is a little better but still not quite there. It would be enjoyable without knowledge of mahjong, but it's filled with lots of references to ...
It's a show that you won't understand at first, and it'll just look like a simple story for some people, as it was all confusing at first, and every episode will lead to confusion, but for me, it's something that's deep and relatable. Well,  everyone has their own perspective about the show, so I'll respect theirs.. . The arts, the characters, and the flow of the story are simply beautiful and touch my heart; it's like a masterpiece of art that needed to be showcased or displayed in a museum. I love everything about it, and it's one of the shows that will always have a special ...
Overview:. Ever since "Akira" first hit the cinemas in 1988, the cyberpunk genre has had a large influence on global popular culture, with many different stories both in and outside of Japan drawing inspiration from or being explicit examples of the genre. One of the lesser-known examples is "Ergo Proxy", a 2006 original anime directed by Shuko Murase, the same person behind the even more obscure "Witch Hunter Robin". Of course, lesser-known shows are often such for a reason, and while it does provide the viewer with an interesting watch, "Ergo Proxy" ultimately fails to live up to the high bar set by its peers.. . Story & ...
Simply put, Mashle isn't supposed to blow your mind or do anything extraordinary. It exists to speedrun standard shonen tropes in a funny parody setting. For anyone looking for deep stories and worldbuilding... this ain't it. But as far as just pure fun and shenanigans go, this is as good as it gets.. . It doesn't waste your time or blow its own horn, stuff just happens and the further it gets the more absurd and funny it becomes.. . It's in no way the best anime out there, but it manages to combine the absurdity of One Punch Man and the generic character of every shonen ever ...
It's not the kind of anime that I usually like, but it's an interesting discovery.. . I recommend this anime if you wish for a quick and peaceful anime to enjoy freely and not worry about deep concepts or a very long and difficult storyline with a lot of plot twists, this anime is not about that. The anime is just about a girl with her sailor uniform in an elite school full of talented girls who get to know each other better. It's fun, and quiet and some episodes are (surprisingly) very good.. . Do I think that this anime is one of the best slice-of-life ...
This easily could've been a tropey anime where "woah, ugly girl who is also smart??? and looks pretty in makeup??? and pretty boy whom everyone likes (and is definitely not what he seems) falls for her because she's so quirky??? AND she solves palace mysterys??? AND all the concubines love her????" but it's not.. . What the anime nails 100% that i don't usually see in anime of this genre:. > well written women characters. > having a female MC. > writing romance into the story (even though it's very very tropey) that doesn't distract from the plot.. . MaoMao's original intentions don't ever change from wanting to leave the rear palace, ...
This world takes us all for a spin, regardless of age, size, thoughts or feelings everyone takes this ride. Who knows at what time or what situation there is going to be a naked girl in a metal container to appear out of thin air! That's right, we don't know, and neither did Nitta.. . Hinamatsuri is not just your average slice of life nor your lets go boom boom Jujutsu Kaisen. its something we see all the time, just people living their lives. Sometimes we go down with a little girl bringing destruction to our building, sometimes we go up by the same little girl laughing ...
If you think Dungeon Meshi will be a classic fantasy dungeon story or whatever: DON'T WATCH IT, IT'S NOT FOR YOU!. . Dungeon Meshi isn't a classic shonen, it's not Demon Slayer in dungeons so, please, stop complaining it's boring when it's just not your type of anime.. It doesn't have action but a lot of human interactions with three dimensional well written characters that at first look annoying/boring/not special, but you end up enjoying them, learning about their flaws and silly personalities and you start enjoying watching their interactions which brings the "slice of life" vibe.. Dungeon theme comes last in this anime, it's just used as context, ...
Kiss x Sis fearlessly welcomes viewers into the realms of sexual taboos, creating a self-aware and entertaining world that refuses to take itself too seriously. The anime, focusing on the protagonist's encounters with his two sisters, his teacher, and her sister, proudly wears the banner of an ecchi comedy, delivering an outrageous and amusing experience for those who enjoy humorous escapades.. . At the core of Kiss x Sis lies the taboo of incest, featuring Keita and his affectionate siblings-in-law, Ako and Riko. The series begins with Keita weakly resisting the advances of his step-sisters, only to consistently give in at every turn. As the plot unfolds, ...
Kiss x Sis fearlessly welcomes viewers into the realms of sexual taboos, creating a self-aware and entertaining world that refuses to take itself too seriously. The anime, focusing on the protagonist's encounters with his two sisters, his teacher, and her sister, proudly wears the banner of an ecchi comedy, delivering an outrageous and amusing experience for those who enjoy humorous escapades.. . At the core of Kiss x Sis lies the taboo of incest, featuring Keita and his affectionate siblings-in-law, Ako and Riko. The series begins with Keita weakly resisting the advances of his step-sisters, only to consistently give in at every turn. As the plot unfolds, ...
Anyway, when I first started watching I was not very into it as it was giving me AOT vibes. Let me explain, although it is a very unliked statement AOT was bad because it was predictable, had bad character development, weird pacing, and story. And that beginning it was the same thing for this anime. Watching someone die in front of him, tired of being weak, the motivation coming from being weak and being "noble", losing limbs, and wanting another opportunity. But unlike AOT it didn't take them a whole season to go through this arc it only took them three. After that, it was ...
A young man with a sixth sense can see and interact with spiritual entities, and moreover is something of a magnet for them, attracting all manner of wicked supernatural beings to himself. Naturally, he hates this phenomenon and wishes to distance himself from the dark and horrible manifestations that roam the world, unseen by ordinary people. This hope is dashed, however, when he meets a young girl who can also see the supernatural and has a bone to pick with the incorporeal.. . The story is slow to form and progress but makes several promises as early as the first episode as to what the series has ...
I just completed this anime and I have to tell you this is my new fav. anime and next to only Attack On Titan on my list. The mystery, the animation, the comedy stuff, this anime shows you all and at the end when you see that details clearly, you mind will be amazed, the two parrael storyline concept is something never expected, but the revela at the end, that storylines not of same timeline make me like wtf, pls watch this anime without any spoilers from any source and pls dont search about it until it gets finished, it the best anime of this ...
Clannad. Is it a comedy, a romance, a slice of life, a supernatural show? The answer: it's a starfish.. . Clannad by all fair means is another classic show that deserves its fanbase because most of the tropes within the show fall into a very lovable mix with a lively school life, fun comedic moments, beautiful art and smooth animation.. . Clannad is a show that was made with love, and every episode reflects that in some way or another. But, the greatest question is, does Clannad live up to the 10/10 masterpiece it so socially receives? No. It might just be that way because a lot of people ...
For starters, this anime is confusing, not in a bad way though, but in a really entertaining and captivating way.. . This anime has intentionally a very loose plot, it's almost like the plot is not but a tool to communicate the ideas that want to be passed on by this anime, every episode talks in a very metaphorical way about an idea or a person that find themselves adrift, masterfully combining the worlds that are created every episode with our own world and our own dilemmas.. . Never trying to enforce anything into the viewers mind, with every episode asking you a question that begs to be answered, ...
Absolutely amazing. Can't believe I didn't watch this earlier this is literally made with so much love and care? The animation is gorgeous the music is awesome and there is so many really well integrated references to like every character in the pokémon games? Everything is incredibly well animated and the animation is very smooth and nice on the eyes to watch and every frame is so filled with details that you could watch the music video again and again and still find more little details you didn't catch earlier. Absolutely amazing I would recommend for any fan of the pokémon games 10/10 made ...
I think one thing that caught my attention when watching this anime was the character named Nanana, that's all.. . As for the storyline, it's not bad, it's not too bad to watch, and for new viewers it's quite fun because you'll be curious about the continuation of the story. but not for me because I have re-watched this anime, who knows how many times I can't remember, and today I just finished re-watching it again, therefore I thought of writing a review here too.. . The character design is very good, or you could say this is a natural thing for A-1 Pictures studio because every anime they ...
Probably an acquired taste. The whole thing seems like trolling. I can understand people disliking this. It resembles the "Endless Eight" episodes from Haruhi Suzumiya. That one I enjoyed. It's like one enormous joke on fans and I'm game for things like that.. . Maybe it doesn't reach the indie heights of Éric Rohmer or Jim Jarmusch or John Cage, but this is the anime equivalent of their movies or Cage's 4'33, a sort of game of chicken played with their audience. I'm also amazed by the quality of the animation. Should people be devoting so much good animation on something that will not appeal to ...
I came into this series while watching a variety of anime-related videos on YouTube, but I really got into it after hearing the catchy opening music. I've been wondering for a long time how this series' story was planned out, especially after I discovered that the anime has a few other ongoing series that focus around several characters' perspectives, but I'm only going to discuss about Railgun today. A Certain Scientific Railgun is an old anime series, hence it follows the classic anime running format of having different contents in each episode and having approximately 24 episodes in a season. This gave me a nostalgic ...
Let's get the overall rating out of the way: 10 out of 10, for sure.. . Hunter x Hunter is a whole experience and that's why, within its faults and weaknesses, gets to be a 10 out of 10 series.. . One of the strengths and one of the aspects I personally most loved in this series is undoubtedly the portrayal and building of human relationships. With such a huge cast of characters, enhancing and diversifying characters can be extremely difficult and even within some undeniable boring and generic characters, HxH is full of amazing personas with different quirks and dreams, different inner problems and growth path, world views ...
After the murder of a very famous robot named Mont Blanc, detective Gesicht is tasked with solving the case and finding who murdered Mont Blanc. After getting some evidence for the the death of Mont Blanc, more things start going wrong and eventually there are more victims. Gesicht now has even more things to solve and even more mystery surrounds the murders. He eventually teams up with one of the most advanced robots in the world, Atom, and the two try and solve the case step by step.. . Immediately from the first episode I was loving the show already, the first episode was kinda split into ...
After years and decade of waiting we finally have received the adaptation. Although the animation is static the story def will carries the season. Heard there would be more cours (not sure) but if there are im 100% sure who ever is watching and isnt a manga reader would be having a treat!. Story wise as usual its 9/10 (cant say much as it would have spoilers). SFX , OST ,MUSIC : 8/10. Animation : 7/10 its static and needs help but we can manage with it. Pacing: 9/10 Perfect pacing , perfectly adapts volume 10-15 without haste. Character design : 8/10 i would have given 9 but they ...
There's not much to expect from the story, but at least you'll never get bored watching it. The tank scenes are really a big step up compared to the last four movies. though Art style-wise, nothing much has changed, and it's nice to see how Ooarai performed without getting carried by Miho all the time. The music is banger as usual, and Erika is cute as always, though I'm a bit disappointed as I felt there was less dialogue and more fighting here, but that's just my personal view. Overall, it's an 8/10. should definitely watch it when it's out in the west or when ...
Wow, I've had to review so many bad animes lately that I'm surprised to not only come back to the positive side of things, but am able to say that this anime has far exceeded my hopes.. . I will caution that the first episode is kinda slow, but that's because it's laying out the ground work. From the 2nd episode and on, I've found myself eagerly clicking on each episode.. . There's been many anime that delved into the topic of racism or discrimination. However, very, very few anime are able to capture the resentment of the victims towards their "bullies" in such a believable way. ...
Embark on an unforgettable adventure with Frieren, a remarkable anime that seamlessly blends elements of adventure, drama, and fantasy into a captivating shounen experience. Set in a vibrant fantasy world, the series follows the journey of Frieren, an immortal elf, and her companions as they navigate the trials and tribulations of life.. . What sets Frieren apart is its rich storytelling and well-developed characters. Each episode is filled with poignant moments of introspection and growth, as Frieren and her diverse group of friends confront their fears and forge bonds that transcend time itself. The animation is breathtaking, bringing the fantastical world to life with stunning visuals and ...
Hikaru no Go is a shining example that a fantastic shonen anime can be created without excessive violence, tragic backstories, or the world-saving hero trope. Instead, the characters engage in intense battles of intellect rather than physical prowess. If anyone ever claims that board games are boring, this series will prove them wrong.. . The Go matches in this anime are not only well-executed but also highly captivating, keeping the spectator on the edge of their seat. The central theme of the series revolves around pushing oneself forward, confronting new challenges, and embracing difficulties head-on.. . An intriguing aspect of Hikaru no Go is the focus on character ...
This anime doesn't relate with japan.. First of all I Underestimated the anime by not watching it early.. Definitely an anime with very rare storyline.. The storytelling and the characters are so good. There is funny moments, tentions, character build up.Its for those who loves apache. Guns.definitely everyone shouldgive it a try if you love isekai .. . That said the things I want to talk about is kind of sarcastic where someone from japan really made an anime where japanese military are saving another world's women and children 💀. Showing that every country is jealous that the gate is opened in Japan and only japan is trying ...
I'm going to be honest. This is a masterpiece and you need to see it. Ignore the score it has and watch it. It needs way more love for how compelling it is. . First off let's start with the opening. The opening intro is incredibly well done and alluring. One of the best anime openings of the 2000s.. . The characters? There aren't many but they're heavily developed as the story unfolds and they all have a story to tell.. . The setting is an MMORPG called The World where a young boy named Tsubasa is suddenly teleported to. He didn't go there willingly and he has no ...
Let me just preface this with that watching this, if you haven't seen from season 1, is not for the faint of heart. The mix of childlike wonder, adventure, innocence and curiosity, in stark contrast with some of the most grotesque and gruesome bits of gore I've ever seen on that very same innocence, mixed with an abundance of deep worldbuilding, creativity, and immersion, it is beyond words. Definitely would not recommend if the, for some, seemingly unnecessary suffering and beyond extreme treatment of completely innocent children is too much of a discomfort; but accepting that, is to accept and surrender yourself to the abyss ...
The best way I can describe this film is eerily light. There's a degree of distance that the film takes from its subject matter, to the point that it's almost difficult to see this film and its setting for what it is: an engineer designing planes that would later be used as bombers, fighters, and, most notoriously, Kamikaze aircraft in World War II. It's not that the film doesn't acknowledge it - far from it, as the film never really lets you forget what's on the horizon and how these planes are going to be used - but rather that the film exhibits a sense ...
If you like action and fantasy anime, disregard the low rating and consider watching this.. . This anime approaches story telling from a slightly different angle, and I'm guessing it's due to that that the score doesn't reflect the quality that I personally see in it. For the first 5 episodes, the story was a bit confusing but interesting and enjoyable none the less. With each episode a new important character is introduced, which means you kind of jump from one part of the story to another. Once all the puzzle pieces have been laid on the table, the story starts connecting.. . I've been watching this with ...
A marked improvement over season one. That's a rarity in anime. Typically they don't improve, but rather nose dive. Animation has more to offer in terms of flashy action scenes, with a couple that stand out. The art work in general is slightly worse, bad cg, but still good character detail and amazing backgrounds. I still feel the characters are lacking depth, but at least we get to wee a little bit more of Will's internal struggles without it feeling completely forced. The world building continues to be one of the best parts of this anime. The story line feels more solid and less of ...
I mean, it's the 5th season, and you already know it's going to be a banger. If you've watched the previous seasons, you've experienced that the kingdom only gets better and better. Need I say more?. . I don't really think I need to, but I'll say it anyway. Kan Ki, Kan Ki, Kan Ki, Kan Ki, Kan Ki, Kan Ki, Kan Ki, Kan Ki, Kan Ki. . This individual is here leading a HUGE army, and I don't want to spoil too much, but where there's a big army, big fights are inevitable. Shin is here as well. Apparently, there will be significant achievements in this another crazy war—there ...
UNDERRATED ANIME. Some Demon Slayer/ Attack on Titan Vibes. OP protagonist is cool, but in this anime the other characters are still usefulll and important, the MC doesn't steal all the shine in the show.. Has princess Lia wihich is a top tier waifu. Great show overall , best of the year so far, for me .. . Art is good, not great. At least, they made good use of the sound. I will probably rewatch it on the future. I dont really know why it hasn't got very popular, but i think it will remain as a GEM to be discovered by most people, one of ...
A well-to-do member of a perfectly legitimate syndicate organization, who dabbles in socially acceptable practices and promotes health and welfare within his community, is one day visited by an aberrant science-fiction version of a stork and is given a gift that keeps on taking. No longer alone, this is the journey of a great communicator and the daughter he never wanted.. . Hinamatsuri is a comedy that dabbles in irony, wit, absurdity, and deadpan delivery, and it masterfully parallels its laughs with moments of sincerity and heartfelt character development. Every character is memorable and though many of them have different trajectories as far as their own storylines ...
THIS IS WHAT I CALL A GOOD ISEKAI. The plot may not seem to out of the ordinary but damn it feels good to watch isekais that actually aren’t just brain rot, harem shit. All the characters are likeable and the main character isn’t obnoxious. This is the kind of isekai that makes it possible for me to not write off the whole genre.. The art is generic not the highest quality but that’s fine cause it’s not trying to take itself that serious. It’s just a chill isekai about some actual decent dude getting turned into a mob which makes him evolve and shit. Nothing ...
I have yet to see the original, however this is my personal favorite anime. I love the characters, especially Tooru, as her story hits close to home. And as someone who loves zodiacs, this anime was perfect for me.. . The animation is beautiful, and I personally love the character design. The op music is very calming to me. And the story is amazing. I cried just about every episode. . I've seen a lot of romance animes, as it's probably my most watched genre, this one stood out from the rest for me.. . If you want to watch something cute and heartwarming, this anime might just ...
best anime ever, love peter grill,. :) peter grill, peter grill. best anime of october 9th 2022. . good story. peter grill art style. code geas based.. the petergrill round. petergrill me for real. everyone love petergtirl..j. . epter peter epaeter. peter egpete, ,.pter pete r peter. petere bhgitl grill peter e grill afd fgirll . L:) ::>P peter efgil... based. ...
After watching ItaKiss my conclusion was, that classical shoujo anime isn’t necessarily my cup of tea. Still I’m gonna try to be as. much transparent as it’s possible and it would be a lie to tell, that I disliked show overall. Some elements were annoying or disruptive which quite meessed up my point of view. There were repetetive aspects which were used often in terms of character traits and relationships as such. Fortunatelly final part of the anime and it’s last episodes saved show in my opinion and I found them most enjoyable. ItaKiss is basically cliché shoujo romance with solid execution which is easy ...
Boku no pico deserves to be celebrated as a contemporary masterpiece of Japanese animation, rising to divinity in the world of entertainment. This work, created by Aoi Madoka, transcends expectations by combining engaging narrative, captivating characters and dazzling technical work, becoming a true "god" of the medium.. . The first divine manifestation of "Boku no pico" is its rich and engaging narrative. Madoka has built a complex universe of heroes and villains, immersing viewers in a plot that skillfully balances intense action with touching emotional moments. The story's progression is like a divine ritual, keeping fans eager for each episode as events unfold in unpredictable ways.. . The characters, ...
Nah all those dumbasses who are taking this show seriously should get a life.. It's just an over-the-board anime nothing serious. (You can tell by the voices in the dub and sub). The plot is boobs and sexual innuendos so grow up and if you don't like it then don't watch it.. No one forced yall to watch this shit.. It's one of those shows that is so bad it makes it good.. Motives make no sense and power is weirdly described but because we know so little anything could happen and to be honest did happen.. Also, I think it is implied but this is ...
This is a review from a guy who never watched or played BanG Dream before, a pure and honest review on MyGO!!!!!. . In short: Great anime in terms of script writing and camera usage, one of the best anime in 2023, super popular in Asian comminity.. . I’ll try to keep this neutral and no spoiler.. . ~What is 'MyGO!!!!!'?. . MyGO!!!!! is an original anime from a girl band series called "BanG Dream ''. And MyGO!!!!! is one of the newest bands in 2023. However, the show does nothing about the old series. There's only a couple of easter eggs for old fans, and none of them will affect new ...
Uhhh.... Crazy and weird, is what I can say to describe this movie. Very fun to watch.. First the art style and animation in this movie goes absolutely hard, I love it.. Another thing with the art style is the character design, some of the characters look epic asf. There are some really erm characters and scenes in this movie, but a lot of it was just hilarious. . I really liked how this movie was just action then action then action the whole time, didn't even get boring.. Another thing I liked in some of the action scenes was the way they turned the sounds into words on ...
If you're jealous of a pig, you become worse than a pig.. . Living thus far, I never imagined being the envy of a pig. What are the chances of finding someone so kind and heartwarming that she is willing to fully understand and accept you? Indeed, we live in a cruel world where mutual differences and the unwillingness to understand separate us. Thus, finding the one that is willing to reside by you is such a lucky and precious thing I could have ever expected.. . Just like the sentence: "Though most people tend to glance at the tall sunflowers in full blossom, however, there will still be ...
It's a reverse LOLI anime, With kid fatish women. Dang it's kind of fukin creepy and uncomfortable watching a 10y kid getting booty from 16 year old girls who call him lil brother.. . But also there is no romance or harem. I don't think anyone have any romantic feeling over the mc.(jUst want to suck his blood) and nor he shows his powers and surprise everyone type of shit.and the side characters are just there to make our 10 year demon Lord getting chumi over their body. . But a demon Lord who hate human is simping over a human's body is kinda idiotic writing(Anos voldigod ...
I think anyone who likes detective anime should watch Detective Conan, just for the experience. Individually, each episode is pretty good and entertaining. The overarching plot is kind of wacky, but since a high school student shrinks to a little kid, that's somewhat expected. Still, for the episodic mysteries the writers try to stick to logical deductions, and while the plots can get really convoluted, there are hundreds of episodes of detective Conan the writers have to get creative. However, after a while you can start predicting what pattern an episode will follow, generally either MMO or suspect is obvious and Conan has to figure ...
Legend of the Galactic Heroes, a military science fiction and space opera series that follows the 150-year-long stalemate between the two interstellar superpowers, the Galactic Empire and the Free Planets Alliance.The anime is known for its large voice cast, complex characters, intricate plot, and epic battles.. . Legend of the Galactic Heroes is a masterpiece of anime that explores the themes of war, politics, ideology, friendship, and destiny with depth, nuance, and creativity. The characters are richly developed and memorable, each with their own strengths, weaknesses, motivations, and personalities. The plot is intricate and unpredictable, with multiple twists and turns that keep the audience engaged and surprised. ...
Alright so when I tell you I was obsessed with Pokemon as a kid, I’m not kidding. I discovered the Pokemon anime when I was eight and it became my personality for the next year or so. I watched every single episode of the anime that was out at the time, though I kinda stopped at sun and moon, I didn’t grow up with a game boy so I only got to play the ds games with diamond and pearl still being one of my favorite games of all time, I used to to torture everyone I knew with my Pokemon knowledge. The anime was ...
these were great what a binging gold .... but i would say nowadays ichigo trains super fast which is good cause the world needs him..... though there was no ichigo in the end but what great fights never knowing who's going to win.... Bleach has always had unique villains but this arc took it to another level what great villains not all because some of them are a bit too goofy but not a single one gave a bad fight.....making every episode so investing ......like the one with the power of imagination seeing kenpachi cut a fking asteroid in two made me so hyped....crazy fights.....Squad 0's powers in ...
Shall we start with an anime pacing, I mean? The pace of storytelling, or the rate at which a story is unraveled in the anime world, is an extremely important aspect. To me, it is the essence of the story that will either make or break the narrative.. . To illustrate this, let's use "Higurashi no Naku Koro ni" as an example. Its complicated, non-linear storytelling never gets you bored from beginning to end. On one hand, "Aoi Hana" is uninteresting because of its lethargic plotline and this leads to loss of viewers' attention. And, of course, we can´t ignore shounen anime where the uneven pacing is ...
Kyoutaro Ichikawa is an introverted middle schooler who sometimes fantasizes about committing murder.. He specifically has a fixation on his classmate Anna Yamada, a very tall, airheaded girl who models and snacks alot.. However the more he interacts with her the more he comes to realize that his desire for murder may instead be love.. . Most of the anime is Ichikawa not noticing that Yamada clearly likes him. And also not noticing how much he himself likes Yamada too. In his mind a girl like her would never be interested in him and is just playing with his emotions.. . A nice bunch of supporting characters aswell. Although the male ...
The futuristic world of 2059 Macross Frontier is the setting of an adventure, where we travel with a squad of space explorers looking for a place to live outside of the universe. Among them are three teenagers: Alto Saotome, who is a kabuki artist but gives up his job to follow his passion to explore the outer space; Ranka Lee, a waitress who aspires to become known as an idol singer; and Sheryl Nome, who is already an accomplished singer that both Ranka and Alto are inspired by. Suddenly, they are involved in a fight against mysterious alien forces, and their colony and its population ...
tl;dr: A pretty generic action anime that’s still pretty enjoyable due to pretty good execution in the second half.. . Towanoquon is an original anime, by which I mean it is not an adaptation of anything, composed of six movies. Each movie is 48 minutes long, so the total contents of the entire series are about equal to that of a single cour. The plot is centered Attractors, people that suddenly gain supernatural powers and have a tendency to go berserk. The protagonist, Quon, is an Attractor and the leader of a secret group who’s goal is to find and protect them. But there’s also an organization ...
You are in for a ride.. Starts off pretty casual but later on it turns into a rainbow blueberry cake... You may ask what that is but tbh I don't even know you have to experience it to figure out.. . By any means it's not exceptional in story or art or sound but just cozy and crazy.. . Art style was acceptable and the characters were pretty hard core nothing too elaborative but yeah, mc can be a little bit on the annoying side but that's just eehhhh.. . Reactions of the characters were as expected so nothing problematic.. . It's a easy watch, basically if you like random things you might like ...
Recommended for fans that following Idolmaster from latest movie or playing Million Live game or fans that listen to their music only on music platform. For me, had watched the movie, played game Starlit Season, and listen to their music on music platform.. . By did three of those above, it will make better experience watching this Million Live anime because it will have a nostalgia vibe and matching vibe like "Yeah, she would doing this because her X personality". The matching vibe doesn't mean negative where know the plot went, but in positive way like "if she personality X, meets personality Y, what will happen?" that ...
It's one of the most satisfying anime in every way. The story, the characters and the attention to details, especially when describing the dishes. The metaphors, they use are unique but in the same time understandable. Very diverse and beautifully executed animation. I am not sure how many times I re-watch this during the years. Excellent work. Love it ♥. / maybe the only one kinda not positive thing about this anime is that it make me constantly hungry while watching 😅. I tried one of the recipes and it actually worked. I was out of ingredients at home and I took the ...
Hinamatsuri, the anime that catapults you into a world where psychic children, yakuza humor, and my personal patience are constantly on the brink of collapse. Now, let's get one thing straight from the start – Hina, our resident psychic deadpan queen, is more frustrating than trying to untangle earphones in the dark. Her lack of emotions is like a constant eye-roll, and I swear, if indifference were an Olympic sport, she'd take home the gold every time.. . But then enters Anzu, the ray of sunshine in this storm of deadpan. Anzu is the undisputed MVP, she stole the whole damn show, I was thankful for every ...
Mashle: Shinkakusha Kouho Senbatsu Shiken-hen/ mashle second season.. Overview. The Mashle season 1 was good in terms of its quirky comedy harry potty style, however it is not the same as season 2. its whole entire premise just became increasingly different in many ways. The story is the same and continued from season 1 of course but I feel it’s gotten a lot better in terms of characters and art style. The comedy has gone up a notch and the seriousness has improved greatly too. I absolutely love how the funny parts really catch me off guard, not just in season 1 but a lot ...
I just knew how much I really love anime after rewatching the last season of bsd I was so keen focused as I also like smuggling investigation from nat geo too...but even I couldn't be able to predict the whole story. And it was one of my new genre category.. . Uniqueness in the story:. emotional intelligence and balance shown in this anime series really excited me.. . Art style :. Dazai ever been my crush for all of his explicit attitude.. . I actually watched the last season of this anime twice and never been bored. They all felt familiar within wholesome... Wanting thrill yourself? , then give it ...
Trigun Stampede (2023). . Always a good show when the forums are people justifying humans conducting slavery until death but then saying it is wrong if they are fought back against because they are just trying to SuRvIvE. Oh, it would be genocide against us but it is different against another species "because it is". This is great because the show provides much-needed conversation that isn't just like gun big, bum nice, why loli. As far as shows go, it tries to not do many of the generic things.. . The story is good fun, has a nice pacing and is well-versed in Trigun history being a remake. ...
This is an odd OVA. One episode, 44 minutes, with a lot of setup and implication of wider plots that there aren't time for. Nothing that's in here is done poorly, but at the end I was more confused than satisfied. It feels like an episode of some broader TV show that didn't survive and so we have this one remainder. I would still recommend it if you're in the habit of watching old OVAs like this, you might have fun. Bring a friend along to share in the bafflement. If you don't usually watch stuff like this, skip it, it's not a good entry ...
A young man was trained from birth to adulthood to become a finely honed killing instrument for a quaint village guild to employ against the nearby forest monsters. Feeling as though he missed out on his youth, he wishes to retire from the monster killing business and go to school like any other ordinary kid. Before he does so he feels he must find a successor to fill his shoes before he retires - this is easier said than done.. . This is a comedy-ecchi anime in a fantasy setting. The show does not, for the most part, ever take itself seriously. The comedy is a mix ...
I'm hoping for a remake of this anime, with the same voice actors and art style.. . A really cool childhood anime, when I come home from school I always watch this anime.. . I recommend this anime, it has an interesting storyline, the characters are very suitable for each of them.. Even though there are quite a lot of episodes, they are not filled with unclear trash stories, unlike other anime which have hundreds of episodes but most of them are filled with trash and useless stories.. . Sometimes it is also filled with comedy which is quite funny, so it doesn't make you bored when watching it.. Epic and tense battle. ...
Part 2 Of Mushoku Tensei Season 1 Has a very very strong start, and middle-late middle sections BUT where it falls off is the ending, which isn't really needed. Once you get past episode 10 you can pretty much just skip to season 2.. . The best parts of this season were definitely the Dead End crew going on more adventures together, Getting introduced to our first real "Villain" who seems pretty fucking sick was also exciting, Really hope we get to see more of him in Season 2.. . I would recommend this to everyone, It feels a lot more complete than Part 1, and has a lot ...
Yuru Camp or Laid-Back Camp as it was known in some media like Crunchyroll, is one nice relaxing anime for the soul. It is sweet and well paced. Not too fast nor slow. The characters are funny and relatable high school kids. Though the only downside is that they are all girls. Perhaps one with the boys series may be in the future works. Still it is no biggie. But now in this movie they are now adults and get back together for camping.. . The MC Rin is a girl who does enjoy camping very much. So much so to the point of getting a motorcycle ...
Produced by Madhouse, this particular show exceeded all my expectations in terms of animation, character development, and storyline. I was so moved by the show that it brought me to tears.. . What sets this anime apart from others is the unique and well-written main characters. They each have their own personality, backstory, and motivations that make them relatable to the audience. However, the supporting characters could have been better developed. Nevertheless, this serves as a reflection of Frieren's experience with time, given that she has lived for an eternity and has seen many supporting characters come and go.. . One of the most thought-provoking aspects of the show ...
Just finished watching "No.6," and I'm still reeling from the experience. From the very first episode, the story grabbed hold of me and didn't let go. The plot twists kept me guessing at every turn, and I was constantly on the edge of my seat. But it was the ending that really got to me—I won't spoil it, but let's just say there were tears involved. The action scenes were pulse-pounding, and the animation was absolutely stunning. And don't even get me started on the soundtrack—it added so much depth to the atmosphere, especially that hauntingly beautiful ending theme. Overall, "No.6" left me with a ...
This is a forgettable but fun anime. It's like Land of Leadale with the VRMMO setting and overpowered protagonist who develops a close network on this game they're trapped in. The plot is largely irrelevant but it's simple, fun trash that I highly recommend for those who like relaxing shows, or something simple while your tired and laying on the sofa because you don't have the energy for anything else. No prizes for guessing which category I was in.. . If you like mid-tier Isekai that's designed to be simple relaxing fun with no romance nonsense or edgelord garbage then this is for you. Bofuri is the ...
This one surprised me. Normally I write of shows like this as fun time killers. Easily digestable trash, however I have to say I think this is genuinely good. The characters are fun, the plot progression is solid and the separate arcs flow together nicely.. . The main cast are Kelvin and (mostly) summons. The Isekai thing seems pointless at first but honestly it plays into it really well as time goes on, using it as a plot point well without it being a crutch or forgotten. The summons are the found-family which all have diverse personalities with depth and humour. I love found-family shows and this ...
Such a studio colorido film. One of my top fav anime movies. I just started loving it by the bond they have amongst natsume,noppo, and kausuke portraying their emotions so Determinatively and their rescue actions, all those nostalgia of apartment bringing up their true unbounded love for trees. Even though it's a fiction of hoping that trees gives life. The truth had already been there in many reality. Apart from studio ghibli, I really love and appreciate colorido movies!!. . I love these genre of films and this is truly unique in my perspective.. . As it's a studio colorido movie , no doubt that you'll enjoy ...
Overall, this anime is great. The storyline is not only entertaining but also captivating, with twists and turns that keep you on the edge of your seat. The animation is top-notch, bringing the characters and their unique abilities to life in a visually stunning way. The humor sprinkled throughout adds a light-hearted touch to the otherwise intense plot. The combat scenes are well-choreographed and exhilarating to watch, showcasing the characters' skills and powers in a way that is both thrilling and impressive. And let's not forget about the romance, which adds an extra layer of depth to the story, making it even more engaging for ...
This anime really surprised me. At first I didn't think it was anything special. I have seen a lot of romance anime, so I thought I could predict who he ended up marrying. I was sooooo wrong! This anime was different from a lot of harem romance anime. A lot of the time, the guy doesn't end up with anyone and its up to interpretation. So I really really appreciate that he ends up with one of them. I really thought he was gonna end up with one of them the whole time, but nope! He ends up with the most unexpected one! So great! ...
When I first heard of this anime, I was definitely (like most, I expect) thinking it was going to be another trashy isekai/fantasy story to add on to the pile of them that I've binged over the last few years.. . However, EP1 immediately flipped that script on me, with it presenting itself with good quality art and animation and also having an interesting plot.. . Now, this anime certainly isn't reinventing the wheel here, as the whole "Medieval Adventurer's Guild" fantasy-type story has been done hundreds of times before, however the interesting thing here is that the MC is likeable, fleshed-out (no pun intended) and definitely not OP ...
I have nearly only good things to say about this anime, so you can probably imagine my confusion and expression when I came to write this review and saw this show sat at an extremely mid 6.54 rating.. . Have I missed some major controversy, or has it totally destroyed its source material?. As an anime-only, I do not know and am quite perplexed.. . Now, picking-apart some of the overly negative reviews:. Does this show take a few episodes to introduce the important characters? Yes, it does - this is also known as character building. I would also say that the world is also set-up and built-upon in these ...
Fluffy Paradise - another anime I'm reviewing which has a seldom few preliminary reviews.. . Honestly, it's very easy to forget this is even an isekai, to the point where it is so casually glossed over, that it would have made 10x more sense for this to just be a power-fantasy... fantasy anime with a side-order of moe/kawaii. One of those ones where it feels like an isekai and has all the makings of a isekai, without actually being one.. . To be quite honest, after reading the several reviews that people have bothered to write-up as preliminaries, it is definitely a poignant point to note that the protag ...
This anime deserves more then what it has. . Level up in animation. Good comical and romance scence. Side characters are not annoying. Also some concept are good. . The story is typical school harem concept. Alien fmc alway loves the mc but mc iis typically behind every girl he see. Now a day this kind of are rare . Concept became old so nobody adapting it. Thia ia one of the finest Harem comic anime i have ever seen. Art style is good and its been improved in seaso 2 compared to previous one. ...
This anime is simply delightful. The episodes are light and short (unfortunately too short ╥⁠﹏⁠╥⁠), but it's impressive how there is so much character development in such a short time without it feeling rushed. The story has a beginning, middle and end, that is, it is a closed story despite occurring in an ''episodic'' manner, with specific events in the characters' daily lives. Furthermore, it is very easy to identify with the characters. I saw myself reflected in several scenes (I am Hayate and Hayate is me haha). Anyway, it's a quick anime that can even be watched in 1 day, ...
Jobless Reincarnation is an anime that I really enjoy watching. While watching this new season, I asked myself over and over again the exact reason for this.. . The answer was simple: it has an impressive narrative. It's hard to explain, but for some reason, you never feel bored. You enjoy every moment. It's almost therapeutic.. . In this new season, we follow the adventures of the protagonist after the abandonment he suffered by his beloved Eris.. . Now, broken and without a real desire to live, Rudeus must find himself, revalue himself as a man and as a person, and find new reasons to live.. . The above would be the summary ...
This anime was quite an experience. Throughout the show, it made me want to put my feelings into words (this was a first for me). 10 episodes in I had this conversation with my friend of me recommending the show to him. I was stuck for words on whether to describe it as a sad or happy show. I ended up describing it as both at the same time.. . Sousou no Frieren is a show filled with warm and fuzzy moments coupled with flashbacks that often leave me with a melancholy feeling. It’s my favorite part of the show. It is during these moments that ...
One of the best shounen ever created. It's really amazing. No words. Out of the world.. The story is really amazing. The plot flows really well. I always liked anti heroes but Yagami Light is one of the best characters ever created. The concept was new and the classic animation that flows along with it MAN! This is Heaven. The topic of Death Note falling into a Humans hand and he decides to create a peaceful world. An absolutey amazing plot.. Highly recommended. Don't ever miss watching this anime. This is aboslutely GOAT. If you are a psychological fan like me ...
A strong must watch! No matter your gender, age, it is a gem that's rare to come by. I am truly biased by having read the manhwa and loved it so much, however that would only make me all the more frustrated if I saw that the anime adaptation wasn't on par with it.. . It isn't her second life, it's her third, Elise is given a second chance at her first life after redeeming herself during her second. In her first life she had everything to be happy and made everyone miserable, the empire became a living hell. In her second life she had nothing, ...
many people just dont recommend it for the way it ended but for me the end was worth it ,bc , it was it all along , '' sometimes peace is not in living but leaving !'' yall need to understand , even the author of manga said that the ending was perfect and i feel lowkey proud that i get through what she was trying to say when she said '' the ending was perfect '' , even tho in anime it left a free end for us to decide what we wanna decide for the characters , but boy , i read ...
Well, the manga got some best history awards ... i think it did something good. If you don´t like this, maybe you should come back after some years .... . Sousou no frieren tells a history about Frieren (Nice isnt ?) after she and the hero party defeated the bad guys of her planet. For the heroes party, the hole 10 years of this adventure was the best times of their times, but for frieren that is an almost immortal elf, those years were like nothing. Buf after the hero death, she regrets that she didn´t give the importance to those years.. . First of all, this ...
I found this one during my weird harem binge of 2015 and 16 where I found the most obscure titles known to man kind. This anime was fucking great I love this series so much. The plot is pretty much Demon Slayer if it actually had a good interesting story with elements of the InuYasha series. The MC is a descendent of this group of demon hunters called the Amakawa and is protected by the coolest fucking body guard named Himari, a cat girl with a samurai sword. The side characters are pretty cool as well, a loli water bender, pretty much female Gaara, and ...
I would definitely recommend this anime to any monster high fan!. . The character designs are gorgeous and stay true to the original wave 1 outfits, we even see a few outfits from movie’s like „why do ghouls fall in love?“ wich i find really cool. the only weird thing was that Cleo’s main outfit in the show was the „school’s out“ outfit wich I don’t mind since it’s really pretty but I don’t know why they only changed that for her.. . The personalities of some characters are a bit different but it’s not very noticeable because the episode are really short, lagoona was kinda dumbed down in ...
For the final season, I'll give it a 9 because it closed the story quite nicely and even threw in an extra bit there in the final minutes!. . Now, onto the technical aspects of the work as a whole:. . Soundtrack and Audio = 10/10: To me, it was responsible for conveying most of the anime's drama. Sometimes, even if the scene wasn't that heavy, the soundtrack was so good at evoking intense emotions. For me, it was by far the most positive aspect of the anime (Congratulations, Masaru Yokoyama).. . Art (Character Design and Animation) = 8.6: The character designs and backgrounds were quite beautiful, and the animation remained ...
This anime is absolutely adorable and deserves more recognition. While I get that it deviated from Ichikawa's original character concept as a psycho wanting to murder, I see that as a minor flaw. The plot it went with is doing exceptionally well. The pacing is perfect, with nothing feeling out of place, and the characters' feelings are completely justifiable.. . What stands out is the female lead having a genuine personality and goals, unlike other romance anime where the female characters often revolve around being soulless dolls, limited to blushing and stuttering. The relationship between Ichikawa and Anna is just heartwarming. I appreciate how we get to ...
This particular rendition of Bleach should be seen as a master-class of what an S-tier anime looks like. But let me be clear, that fact has nothing to do with the source material or the story (i.e Bleach). Obviously the source material being GOOD makes it an enjoyable watch. But the implementation of its presentation, art-style choice, animation quality, and filmography techniques take it from A-tier to S-tier. I can count on 1 hand the number of anime I'd rate as "S-tier" and just take a look at my list - 400+ complete titles, starting from early the 2000's (which I consider "the golden age"). ...
Going into this I thought this anime is going to be about mahjong but turns out it isn't.. Instead I got a Squid Game anime, that makes Squid Game look like a Netflix adaption.. The pressure is ON the entire time and Kaiji deals with it like a mastermind.. It's a great story about trust and what it means to pull through.. The art style is so iconic that you'll find references to it in a lot of other anime.. In fact it is so good that it hasn't aged at all and you could see something that looks like this be released today.. . I highly recommend this show.
This is one of the good ones. I am a sucker for Isekai. If an isekai tag is involved, I would watch anything. and right before this, i watched "The Most Heretical Last Boss Queen: From Villainess to Savior". The review of that anime were also not bad but that was an abomination. So someone recommended this to me. At first I was skeptical, like I am going to waste my time again. But as i watched the episodes, I realized this is actually not bad.. There are some romance clichés but still the story is good, feels fresh. The animation is good, and has a ...
Elfen Lied starts off strong, but by the end of the first episode, you're already wondering about what weird fetishes the author's got going on. Gradually, the story becomes more and more disturbing, reaching a point where it almost feels like a parody. However, it only gets worse. And the worse it gets, the more it hooks you in. Suddenly, the roles flip, and now, the worse it technically gets, the more awesome it becomes. It's so weird and stupid, yet so unapologetic about it, that you develop a compulsory need to see how it all unfolds. Instead of just being bad, it's, in fact, ...
This Anime brought back my passion for watching Anime after a long break from Anime. . Beautiful atmosphere, likeable characters, amazing ost, And the feelings in the Anime everything is beautiful. . and also about the great story. . From the beginning the story appears to you it will focus on some of the tough questions in life: meaning, purpose. And the end of our lives .. . And the special thing is that it shows, it unpacks the many guised forms of regret. Upfront it reminds us that our lives are short, It is easy to be Not interested or apathetic but yet, after the fact has passed, what will ...
This series has no proper story, no proper romance, no destination or target and no past, just everyday school life of a boring guy.. . But it was incredibly funny, especially the choices, voice of announcer and how Daiko-san is involved in these choices.. Character settings were also aligned properly for the male MC.. Random deep explanation of meaningless stuff.. . I watch it even now at random times when I'm sad or bored to cheer up. I think this can cheer up anyone else the same way as it did for me.. . Thank you for creating this anime with it's amazing animation style.
This is my first review .It's been a long time since i saw an good sport anime, there have been some but not like this.This anime brings back the feelings Haikyuu gave me a few years back,that feeling of hard work and people trying to get to know each other so they can play better and win.No superpowers or anything like that ,just plain old football with a little bit of anime plot.I wish to see a season 2 of this one and fast .This deserver many seasons.The animation was good,just what i expected from an sport anime,maybe even better.I think if you liked Haikyuu ...
'Endless Oceans'. “The briny ocean, born of the human spirit, is endless, always overflowing.. The ocean mixes everything together, and the ocean remains the ocean.. Splashes of happiness melt away and become the ocean.. Lumps of sadness melt away and become the ocean.. Surprise, fear, shame, pride... All things melt and become the ocean.. When a person peers into the ocean within, strangely, they find peace.. They find peace, and they think to themselves:. 'See you tomorrow.'”. -- Kudo Naoko. ...
Hype that I am finally watching this, wish I saw this in theaters, saw the ad last year but forgot about it.. Hype for music and jazz, heard people say it was the best music genre anime movie or something like that, and I love jazz so HYPE. . Everything was so well animated, the detail on everything too DAMN, the transitions while they were playing were crazy too.. I love the characters, they are really good, I love their personalities and everything. At first I was kinda questioning them since they just seemed really goofy, but goofy makes them good.. . And obviously the biggest part of this movie, ...
Yuru Camp Season 2. . This is the second season of the surprisingly good and calming anime Yuru Camp also known as Laid-Back Camp. We get all the cast members back for more camping and traveling around Yamanashi and its surrounding areas. It is also highlighting the geo spots around the Izu Peninsula too in this season.. . We get to see how all the characters get together for more camping adventures. Rin at times with her solo camping tour. Nadeshko also trying out solo camping for the first time after getting the inspiration from Rin. It leads to some funny but heart warming scene when Rin and Nadeshko's ...
After watching it, I want to fly to the sky.. . The blue feather is locked in the cage, the future is only foggy, the girls' world is divided by differences, and the bound air makes people feel like they are on the edge of the abyss. Why a smile responds to emptiness? Why go and open that? Is the bluebird unlucky? Book and reality merge into one, but the other Liz and Bluebird are smiling beside them. Loneliness and love are solved, and the boundaries are blurred. Listen to each other's most sincere notes, give the initiative to deep touch, turn into two birds soaring next ...
The visuals were great , fight scenes were awesome, characters and animation 😘. The story or plot was really great with some twists, the fact that it ends without you even knowing a single character's name just their Titles like Swindler, Courier, Hacker, Doctor, Hoodlum,etc . Damn. This one was quite the ride. At first I didn't think much of Swindler girl, I thought she was pretty dumb but actually at the end time. I respect her big time. Every character is unique in their own way. But In particular my favorite characters were : Swindler and Courier.. I recommend this Anime to everyone who ...
Monster is a classic crime thriller anime from studio Madhouse from way back in 2004. The show follows Dr. Tenma, a brilliant Japanese surgeon in 90's Germany who risks his career to save a young boy dying from a bullet wound. Years later, he realizes the boy he saved was a prolific and genius serial killer named Johan. Tenma decides to leave everything behind to track down Johan and bring justice to those affected by his rampage.. . This is a long and slow burn, 74 episodes. It took me almost an entire year to finish this anime, slowly chipping away at it every once in a ...
Mirai - 2018 - A movie you should watch with your family on a Sunday evening, because it's a movie about family.. . My personal experience began with thinking it was about how moments of distance between parents and children lead to children creating "worlds" in their minds and making the mind work as hard as it can to fill the emotional gap and thus draw their own conclusions without a guide to show it the ways of life.. From the second stage of the movie, I had a clearer idea: the movie is about how we learn from each other throughout life, living and learning, ...
I feel for Yuta more than I do for Itadori. The path of a young boy with no self-esteem to a man full of confidence and power is fascinating. Watching him reveal his real power in a showdown with Geto was thrilling though I am sad that Maki and the others missed that; they would have certainly contributed to the fun.. . Among the many curses Rika-chan is the one that is especially important to me because of her special grade status. This does not dampen her enduring personality. Despite the absence of his character, Yuta is still attractive, even without her.. . Maki is a classic example of ...
Kimi no Na wa is by far a very enjoyable film from begining to end.. . Fun watch for both people that have never seen anime and anime lovers that enjoy nice art and two nice main characters.. . The flaws, are pretty glaring at first in the way that the story is sort of pushed back and forth that it's hard to make sense where in time is the story currently.. . That's about it. The art, top quality as usual. The music, atmospheric. The characters, some complain they're "too dull," but the only characters that actually matter here are the main boy and girl lol which are both ...
It's just so peak. A literally classic that explores how two siblings must fight against the taboos of modern society. The author brilliantly twists drama and slice of life into one of the most thought provoking pieces of Kino to ever come out of Japan. The supporting casts is of course diverse and colorful providing interesting tension as they get involved within the main characters' lives and dilemma. It is no surprise why this has become one, if not THE, most influential and recognizable non-shonen series of the early 2010s. If you call yourself an anime fan they you must watch this at least once ...
Minami-ke is a comedy with no complex plotlines like Azumanga Daioh, but for those who enjoy it, it is a similarly entertaining series. By depicting the theme of three sisters who share home and school life all with different personality, the show builds on familial dynamics. Absurd and quirky, the series is laced with many romantic entanglements and promises to keep you entertained in its thirteen episodes. This is despite the fact that the narrative remains simple, as the show's humor and presentation make the entire experience delightful.. . The animation style of Minami-ke is similar with other comedies where the facial expressions and moves are over-exaggerated ...
"The wind rises, we must try to live" - (9.8). . My favorite work by Studio Ghibli. I have a great feeling for this film, I absorbed it in a very intense way. The message transmitted is very beautiful and rich. I loved the succession of events, the film's writing, which is phenomenal, with very well crafted dialogues, making the protagonist's relationship with each character unique, characterizing the characters very well. The historical context is applied in an excellent way, bringing up several questions to be thought about.. . The direction is extremely competent and I don't even need to praise the studio's animation, but in this film I ...
Literally Every review for this anime under 3 episodes is negative, and every review over 3 episodes is good. Why does animelist even let someone review an entire series when someone has only watched 3? Its so annoying when someone who has No clue about the story or characters be able to rate it, but dont listen to them. The story is wonderful and the characters are too. The pacing of this anime is so well done also, it feels like there is nothing but a straight awesome clear lined story that has some emotional impactful scenes as well as some of the best damn ...
This is the season BSD takes a big leap forward and starts getting juicy. Things start getting more serious and there is more of a central plot than the previous seasons. U also get some good backstory on some characters and the Armed Detective Agency as a whole. Anyone who says it follows the same formula as the other seasons, i'd have to question whether they actually watched the entire series to this point... this season has a different feel than b4 and is simply better than previous seasons, as is evident by the 8.45 score. That's one hell of a ...
This is a really fun little OVA set in the early parts of the East Blue arcs. The animation is incredible, the music is a lot of fun (the jazzy ending song is going to be stuck in my head for a long while), and it's very true to the kinds of stories being told in that part of One Piece. The change in artstyle from Oda's unique cartoony look to something a bit more typical for the era is actually a lot of fun and somewhat refreshing, but I think if the actual show had continued like this it would have garnered a lot ...
The first season is more of an introduction of the characters and the world in which Bungo Stray Dogs is set. Mainly a Detective Agency where ppl have supernatural abilities. There's not much of an ongoing plot and is more episodic for the first season. Not bad but not great... It gets much more interesting by the 3rd season and the 4th season is heads and shoulders above the 1st. It gets into murder mystery detective stories and conspiracies. The special powers are also unique and original, not just ur run of the mill elemental powers or general magic. There are ...
Attack on Titan No Regrets is a 50 minute long OVA about Levi's backstory. It's pretty high quality and Levi is an important character so knowing has backstory does add quite a bit to the main storyline.. . The story of the OVA is relatively compact and only a small part of Levi's life is shown, this being how Levi met one of his friends, how Levi ended up accepting a big commission and how Levi ended up joining the survey corps. The important characters are Erwin, Levi and two of Levi's friends.. . The animation is good and is in the same style as the main anime ...
I had decided to watch this after seeing the director was Shinichiro Watanabe, and loving his other directed anime I had a feeling this would be good as well and I was not disappointed. While I've not watched any Macross anime before I already feel like this is one of the best. Due to its heavily character driven plot and because of those well written characters it maintained its quality throughout its short 4 episode run. With the three main characters semi love triangle, the competition between Isamu and Guld is very well written and each story beat hit perfectly, minus the main final twist ...
This show is definitely a diamond in the rough, as someone once described it. One the surface it just looks decent. But, what makes it so special is its story and characters. This level of story telling is leagues above your average anime, and it quickly became one of my top shows.. . This show is a cross with The Giver novel and Chronicle (2012), and it succeeds at bringing out the best aspects from both of these stories. Once the plot kicks in, I could not stop watching. It was fully of mystery, intrigue, scary visuals, thought-provoking ideas, engaging drama, white knuckle tension, and I really ...
Usually this type of long romance mecha anime is not for me at all. Plus, it did start out slow and generic. I'm not sure what convinced me to keep watching, but man I was glad that I did. After a certain point in the show, the drama really ramps up and the story starts to form a unique identity and it ended up being a pleasant surprise.. . That being said, does everything work? No. There are some story elements that I wish had gotten more screen time and development, the relationships with the characters don't always work, and there is padding that was 100% unnecessary ...
It was a nice anime, and I loved watching it. I never once really felt frustrated watching it but felt bad for her instead. It's weird to say that I cried watching it because I could understand the emotions of the FL. The desperation of loving someone, the betrayal, the sadness, the happiness, and the toxic relationship. I could feel it and relate to it all. True the ML was a jerk sometimes but I understood his love language at the end. It kind of reminded me of Horimiya. I was really satisfied with adding kiss scenes. Some might get annoyed watching it. If ...
Many of you know that food brings people together. Well, that is the core of what makes Dungeon Meshi as good as it is. I've already finished reading the manga for this, and it's one of my highest recommendations to date. However, I also know it's a slow burn and many people will watch the first 4 episodes and dismiss it as a high fantasy-themed Food Wars. I'm here to tell you, it isn't.. The story draws many elements and concepts that fans of DnD and other fantasy RPGs should already be familiar with: Dungeons, adventuring parties, multiple races, magic, etc. But Dungeon Meshi chooses to ...
Can't wait for Season 2.. Well now that that is being said let us review it. Finally since a longer time, I found a nice Seinen Anime, which is just 13 episodes long. Sure it ends in a way, which leaves you expecting a sequel, there is some more to be shown.. Anyway, the plot is exactly as I like it, more of a dark one, just what a real R - 17+ Rating needs, Action, Mystery and Supernatural with a small flair of some Ecchi. To be Frank, do not get discouraged by the first episode cause it is just, well OK and the following second ...
Alright. Hear me out.. . First, I'm gonna admit it: for the average viewer, there are BIG barriers to surpass before getting into Beastars. The greatest and most obvious one is of course the fact that characters are anthropomorphic animals, which by itself could be enough for many people to write this one immediately off in order to avoid the furry allegations. But even if you do try to watch it, you also have the fact that Beastars is fully CGI animated, something which might be off-putting to some. Add to the mix the openness in exploring otherwise conventional social themes in the context of a school ...
Symphogear G improves in several ways over the first season, though in other ways feels like it fails to quite live up to the same breakneck antics that made the first season work so well. On the whole, though, it still maintains the same level of enjoyability, and while it can drag at times it feels very much like a natural continuation of the previous season.. . As with the last season, the first episode actually sets the ball rolling almost immediately, with a very powerful opening scene. However, after this, the season loses steam much faster than the previous one, and is overall much more stop-and-go ...
I loved this anime. I will give it a solid 8 just because it has nice production value, a likeable cast, and rewatch potential.. . At its best, it has some funny parts, some emotional tropes, some interesting dialogue especially for fellow artists.. In its worst, it's a comedy with a casual school story.. . The rewatch quality is due to all much fun it is to watch this harem go on. Like, I seriously need someone to narrate this race to be the best girl.. Just when you think you have a SLIGHT idea about who the main girl is, the story turns and continues up until the end. ...
While there are many excellent reviews of this film, I felt that many of them overlooked something crucial to the film: aviation.. . More than anything else, The Wind Rises is probably the best film I've ever seen for describing the joy and wonder of flight. Seriously, the anticipation of preparing an aircraft to take off, the awe as it leaps into the sky - this movie nails that damn near perfectly. If you're into planes whatsoever that alone should be a good enough reason to watch it.. . And, of course, being a Ghibli film, the animation, music, aesthetic and cinematography are on point - I feel like ...
Maybe this show is not worth my 8 generally speaking, but I wish to give it at least for the pure reason of celebrating the first otome villainess show which I genuinely liked. This one is indeed special and so far unique (correct me if I'm wrong) as finally we get an isekai female protagonist who doesn't make romantic relationships her main goal in life. In fact, it's pretty funny watching her dodging even her supposedly future love interest, let's not even mention her relationships with those generic otome satellite boys.. . However cringe it may sound Yumiella is the definition of a strong and independent ...
I think it's a cute anime, and I do recommend it. The biggest issue with this anime is that it allowed others to influence it, but it didn't do much with them. What do I mean by that? Well, it's as if the author read other manga that had heavy subject matter. It's like she read them and thought, "[The MC] deserves better! :( I want her in a wholesome manga!" So she added the heavy subject matter, but she treated them lightly. One example is when this anime tackled abuse. Nothing was really done other than ...
steel angel kurumi 2 is such a cute and silly yuri anime :D i loved it ! \(｡☆ ▽ ☆｡)/. . the characters were so fun and unique which made for some great dynamics :D my favorite characters were kurumi and saki ! kurumi was rlly cute, sweet and a lil ditsy which made for some cute moments between her and nako :) i also loved her steel angel outfit ! saki was sweet too and i thought it was soooo adorable how she always clung onto uruka :3. . i was pleasantly surprised by how much yuri was in this :D i thought it would be like ...
#Review info. Reviewing Info: In a nutshell personal enjoyment > objective value. More explained on my site.. Review layout: WP non-H. Review type: Anime. Note: Still testing review layouts. This line will be removed when I’m satisfied with the layout.. . #Review (short ver):. *In a nutshell: Social deject meets hungry Angel. . #PROS. ...
there is no heterosexual explanation for this, i-. . This is a really good comfort show, and there were no misses in any episode. I feel like towards the end it did lean in to the romantic interest, even though it isn't explicitly BL, like it's the gayest shit ever (good shit at that). Like I would not even call this Fujioshi bait because it's so blatant. It's the definition of "and they were roommates".. . While it's true this didn't have much animation and felt like slideshow story boards, the VAs really put their entire vussy into this and brought the characters to life. The story is ...
I'll just say this right of the bat. If you're looking for a show with a complex story and deep, well written characters, you won't find that here. But if you just want something flashy to monkey brain to, well here you go.. . This show is a complete brain off thriller, and that's exactly what it was going for. The characters all have no names, no backstories, are completely one dimensional, and are all dead by the end. The story makes absolutely no sense, and the visuals are super colorful and flashy, packed with violence, explosions, and mild gore. It may ...
Porco Rosso is without a doubt a masterpiece, and a huge under rated Ghibli film compared to more popular films like Kiki's delivery service, Ponyo, or even Princess Monokume.. . Porco Rosso has the perfect touch of high quality animation, a clear hero-like tale, music, and wonder. All while being a silly satire of a Pig that flies a plane.. . It's astonishing that some satire works like this, i.e. high school of the dead, can live up to have higher production in their casual attempts at showcasing touching moments than most other shows that actually try too hard.. . But why exactly is this such a great movie? For ...
Note: My reviews are like a note for my future self. I try to not spoil anything in it, because in the case I want to rewatch the show, I don't want to know too much about it other than what I think I will remember or surface level details that don't really matter much. I just want to make sure my future self understands a bit of how I felt about it and why I gave this mark.. . Review start:. . First thing that I thought after watching the first episode was... LOVE. But the important question is, what kind of love? Well, one that I usually ...
I'm well aware of the fact that this anime is not unique. Most aren't. But it's refreshing to watch something devoid of the usual tropes, with some of them being shouting attack names, never-ending monologues or conversations in the middle of a fight scene, plot armor that's so ridiculous to the point it makes no sense, power of friendship, exaggerated facial expressions, and so forth. All of these are prevalent in most action anime. I get it. That's just how it works.. Bubble, however, is devoid of these tropes. That alone shouod be an obvious indicator of why I appreciate it so much, though it is ...
Has a lot of the same good elements as season 1, but is overall a worse product. First off there are few action scenes than season 1, which is a shame since the one's that are there continue to impress for the genre. In terms of detail there really isn't much of a change from season 1. More amazing backgrounds and decent character detail. The characters continue to have flaws with background details, but are overall good. Story continues to have decent world building and is well executed. However, the pacing of the first six episodes is slow and is almost entirely filler. The final ...
It is the kind of work in which the author bares their soul to the public opinion, laying all their concerns and doubts on the table, giving them narrative form. The result is a story that is sweet, bitter, rough, amusing, and above all, very reflective. It touches on sensitive topics such as the value of life, religion, and suicide, providing a raw yet optimistic perspective.. . The heroines are just girls in a world where only loneliness looms, but they always find more than just survival; they find the ability to truly live. They discover beauty in the everyday and mundane. They eat a fish and ...
here we go:. . HxH is an anime that surprised me a lot at the end, due to the fact that, when I started, I didn't think I would like or get so attached to the characters. Basically the first 30/40 episodes didn't grab me that much, and I started to consider freezing this anime to watch only when I was bored.. . However, HxH is an anime that starts slowly, builds a very solid foundation of its story and then delivers every important detail that may have previously gone unnoticed. The character developments are great (only the ghost troupe left a little to be desired, but maybe because ...
This anime is a masterpiece of art, story and meaning wise, and also in terms of visuals and the artistic take, needless to say A1 did an amazing work with this anime, the cuts between regular scenes and battles is genius. The soundtracks are so beautiful, especially the second ending. . it sheds the light on a unique subject which is how victims of racism loath remaining in a cage of pity, and the burden of having survivor's guilt. On the first subject, the characters demonstrate their distaste towards any compassion from their superior of an upper class, and this continues on throughout the story, they ...
Labyrinth of Flames is horny, goofy, and funny as hell, proudly leaning into anime's most ridiculous tropes from start to finish. However, it does so in a way which preserves its unique little world as something all its own, not feeling like carbon-copy ecchi slop that's so common in the medium. Beginning with the story, Labyrinth of Flames finds itself following in the footsteps of the inimitable Golden Boy, with an oblivious yet optimistic horndog of a protagonist surrounded by beautiful women getting wrapped up into hijinks of a nature far beyond his comprehension, and sometimes more serious than he is made to handle. In ...
Idolish 7 Third Beat! Part 2 was certainly a step up from the previous seasons. It has beautiful catchy songs to amazing performances.. . Both Trigger and Zool in this series stood out the most in this season since do make fantastic songs that are arguably much better than Idolish 7.. . Throughout most of the musical animes that has been produced Idolish 7 really is one the best out there and the art style is quite pleasing to look at , along with the some usage of CGI performances that look pretty good for anime.. . Most of the characters within each of these groups are quite ...
This review is on the 1:24 hour long blue ray release. It's unclear how much it differs from the original, there's been some scenes that has been removed and some scenes that has been sped up according to wikipedia, but it wasn't very obvious.. . Imagine going into an elaborately decorated Taoist temple high on LSD and spending the trip watching the different paintings, statues and decorations come to life. It pretty much sums up how this movie feels. It is incredibly vibrant and fluidly animated. Every scene is eye candy, the backgrounds are full of details, and things like fire and clouds are done with precision ...
Put it simply this is the PINNACLE of storytelling , plot twists and foreshadowing !!! Animation is top tier , thanks to Hiroyuki Sawano ( the composer ) and company the MUSIC its 1000/10 as well as there is not a single average OST ( same goes for the OPED ). Same can be said for the characters as they are written exceptionally + theyr Voice actors(Japanese) give theyrs all for the roles they play . From the first arguably best first episode in fiction to the last there is not a single bad or boring episode as every little detail is connected and every ...
I didn't finish the anime yet I'm half way through , not to spoil anything , but the amount of loneliness the main character is living on each episode reminded me of a period of my life & it breaks my heart , I don't care about the relationship in this anime at this point , I'd be glad to see her getting the happiness she deserves when I finish this season.. till this point the story is nice , the focus on the feelings of the main character is really good in a realistic way , that's what made me really like the anime until ...
crazy football anime does it need any other reason to be this exhilarating...Bachira my man plays like water passes like beckham.... .. Mbappe giving guest entry in the end....good mc not so good credit content but great sports .... making every match feel like a new thing to be invested not the mbappe one that was pure annihilation.... .. and every character having full time to showcase there talent feels winning or losing more interesting good development of characters... '. i've skipped every op ed just so i could watch the game it was so good.... although i would say i was annoyed in the start because igrashi was thinking too much... and does ...
One of those cases when the viewer only gets to experience the small fraction of an otherwise great story because the rest wasn't adapted and most likely never will.. . There is never a dull moment with Iketeru Futari - characters (especially the female lead) are great, comedy is gold, fan-service is tasty and the romantic dynamics are unfathomably wholesome and cute. What's even better, with its short episode length, even those who suffer from attention span issues can enjoy it to the fullest. Aside from not being completed, the only other downside this anime has is the animation quality, however, it's not really an issue ...
Darker Than Black is a tough one to review. I’d just tell someone to go watch it because it’s very good in a non-descriptive way. Not only because it’s hard to discuss without spoiling anything, but because the plot, the world, and the characters can’t be simplified.. . The best way I can describe it is the world is akin to X-Men. People with supernatural abilities going through different struggles and working to achieve various deeds their groups are ordering them to do.. The main plot revolves around the mysterious creation of this world of X-men and the desires of the supernatural people to break out of ...
au Future Laboratory is a brief, technically impressive ONA with a unique premise that is worthy of a much longer run. Beginning with the story, it covers the tale of a laboratory which has developed a means of communicating with the future, and its experience as a victim of corporate espionage. Solid, uncomplicated, and unique, the story has good pacing for how short it is and is an interesting experience throughout. Though, this brevity does leave the whole thing feeling a little incomplete, even though the ending itself I feel is generally satisfying. The art is this anime's strong suit, which is very impressive both ...
This is one of my all time favorite animes, it can be a little goofy at times but the overall story is so good and the fight scenes are awesome and the music is god tier. I would definitely reccomend this anime to anyone who maybe likes afro samurai and stuff like that. The characters are well rounded and theres a lot of comedy aspects to this one. The sword fights are pretty realistic with just at tinge of over the top styles and I think a lot of people will enjoy the story because it is very unique but it is a little predicable ...
Erased is an excellent anime that deserves more attention. It's not your typical anime, focusing on one single plot and showing no interest in needlessly continuing anything later on. The animation style is nothing to really write home about; it's very standard, but efficient. What carries this anime is the story/plot. Erased is the story of a brave young man who is placed in very uniquely distressing circumstances, forcing him to solve a very challenging mystery. It's essentially a whodunit story.. . This anime takes plenty twists and turns, keeping the viewer on their toes. As I review this anime, I have watched it twice, but ...
I left SD Gundam stuff as the final entries in my Gundam completionist journey because I always had low expectations of them. For the most part I think they have been passable up until now (minus Gundam Force. That one should not even exist). And now I finally got to Brave Battle Warriors, an SD Gundam retelling of the Romance of the Three Kingdoms. I'm not sure why barely anyone has watched this as I was pleasantly surprised by it.. . Now, my knowledge of the source material isn't good. I've never actually read or played through any kinds of other various adaptations of it so take ...
Attack on Titan OAD is a thrilling and gripping anime that deserves a 10/10 rating for its amazing storytelling. The animation quality is also top-notch, with engaging fight scenes and dynamic characters. The story is extremely well-written, and the emotional intensity and tension is ratched up to a high level. The soundtrack is also amazing, providing a powerful and emotional atmosphere which elevates the entire series to a whole new level. In summary, Attack on Titan OAD is an impressive and must-watch experience.. . I would definitely recommend Attack on Titan OAD to those looking for an action-filled and emotional experience. The story is captivating and immersive, ...
There are many shows that are amazing for the story, many that are worth watching because of the visuals and/or fight scenes, etc. There are many that are good because of slow-paced or fast-paced love. Then, there is a guy with ability so OP, you can easily say that the whole show is boring because of it, and there is not enough coherent story to be interesting on top of it, but even though I agree with the opinions like that, I never had much more fun watching a series this year. I am just waiting who and how from the lineup of bad guys ...
This is a Chinese animation (donghua) so some people might be hesitant but it's really good. I would recommend it if you are into adventure stories with low-key smart MC's that aren't OP that don't constantly have crazy fight scenes. I got started with Tales of Demons and Gods, and watched a few others, but this is probably one of the best ones out there. This is a typical cultivation story with the MC starting out weak in ancient times and progressively getting stronger, but the story always has a degree of realism. One of my biggest qualms about donghua is usually the unrealistic MC ...
30 Years of Virginity Can Make You Gay and I'm all for it.. . Animation's decent pretty much everything else.. . What this show brings though is too goddamn sweet and I'm ALL FOR IT. Seriously. I'm a straight man lusting for tiddies and getting bricked towards anime girls;and when I saw two men experiencing all kinds of romance like a straight couple in their early years, it does make my heart a lil bit tingly and my grin reaches all the way up to our ceiling.. . Watching this show as a man feels like partaking in taboo, but hey, sign me up for more!
9/10. Is the story unique? YES. Very Enjoyable anime.. story is unique, and the world it self its unique.. Isekai Hero , Isekai Sage, Summoned by god, Shaman, Ghost, Zombie, And Isekai returnee. . Do you think the art style is fitting for the story?. 8/10 Good art. slow animation.. . Good anime.. ...
I’ll keep my review short! This show is basically like if One Punch Man x Mob Psycho 100 x Black Clover x Harry Potter had a baby together. I JUST started this series and I can say with all honesty, it is VERY ENJOYABLE. It’s pretty simple in its nature. The story is not (currently) so overly complicated that it’s hard to understand. And the dub is actually really solid. I have genuinely laughed at the comedic parts of the show, which is normally hard to pull off.. . Overall I can definitely say I recommend watching if you’re looking ...
Actually It's hard to explain how I felt when I ocasionally discovered this anime and watch the first episode. Looks like I felt all the heavyniss of being a person who lived enought to understand the reality of being a human. And for God sake, this impact was soo strong that I cried like a children, I even't know who are the persons from she memories but I could feel everthing like was to myself and damn that was bealtiful and unique. I'm a frieren evangelist now and i take with me that if the industry of animes just take 10% of this storytelling to ...
Howls moving castle to me, is just exactly the right amount of Ghibli that I expect, therefore, it's definitely my favorite no question. Yes, there are flaws and many "what and why someone explain" moments in the plot, but overall, I like to admire this movie for it's series of events. The introduction, the whimsical first journey, not knowing what is real and what is happening, the joy of expressions, the likable cast, the deep themes about fighting, and even the whimsical showcases of magic.. . By far, Howls moving castle is a film I can gloss over dumb plot holes and things that were never explained, ...
This anime is a masterpiece.This is the best anime that i see in my entire life.Im falling in love with nagatoro and she is the best character ever.The people who writes negative things about this anime,are just trash in comparison of nagatoro,and i think that this anime is underrated injustifically.The 'haters' of this anime should give him another chance and not dropped on the episode 2 okay.The story is excellent and the charactes are the best thing in this universe.It is original and unique for this genre of romcom animes.The caracters react in a realistic way,and they do smart things in a relation.The senpai gets ...
Kiki is by far one of favorite characters from Ghibili movies. She is fun and nice, not spoiled. She is brave and capable of being weak. She is also very responsible. Plus, her character design just pops in every scene.. . The pros about this movie is that it's definetly ONE of the best from Ghibili. Many people say this is the best, or this is great, but just like My neighbor Totoro and Spirited Away, this movie is very good to rewatch anytime. Simple, beautiful, whimsical.. . Plus, for non anime fans, this movie has a more wonderful, toned-down feel to it's fantasy.. . In fact, the cons ...
tl;dr: A Negima sequel that leans too heavily on it’s connections to Negima while not really playing into Negima’s strength’s.. . UQ Holder is centered around Touta, a fourteen year old boy with a complicated past whom Evangeline A.K. McDowell, now known as Yukihime, essentially adopts. While originally living in the Japanese countryside, various circumstances occur that result in Yukihime having to make Touta immortal. Furthermore, it turns out that Yukihime is actually the leader of what is essentially a union for immortals known as UQ Holder, who own and operate out of a hot spring known as Senkyoukan. Thus, Touta too begins working there while getting ...
This show does a great job showing the special that happens in ordinary moments in life, and how there is meaning in the small interactions we have with others. I think there are a lot times we feel like the things we do are pointless or meaningless, and this show presents those struggles in a unique way/setting. What I think makes this the highest rated show too is the large range of emotions that we get to see the characters go through, which helps brings the characters to life making them feel relatable and deep. This isn't a one note show. That said, it still ...
Entertaining Premise. . ZomByaku or Zom100 gives us a refreshing and comedic play on the Zombie Survival Genre.. The premise starts with our protagonist who works a miserable existence at a Black Company, worked to the bone he is in a relateble situation for many employees, especially where Unions are not present. (Note: The US forced Unions out of Japan in the Cold War.). Overworked, underpaid, outright abused and treated inhumanely our character goes from this gray meaningless existence with suicide an high possibility, to entering the sweet relief of the Zombie Apocalypse. When your life is so bad the end of the world is better, this is ...
The animation is one of the best I've seen in years.. I was really impressed by the quality and I hope that this story could have more episodes or new stories in the future. Please do it!. . The art and character design is wonderful, I'm sure that if this has a physical manga it would be a gem. I really appreciate the work TRex studio did on this.. . It's a shame that it only has 2 episodes, this deserves at least 12 episodes but I understand that it is a very small story although, as I mentioned before, it is worthy of being expanded. From here I encourage ...
Blood Reign: Curse of the Youma is a good example of your archetypal late-80s OVA, complete with ultraviolence, passionately detailed art, and unapologetic, at times even corny, badassery. Beginning with the story, we are presented with a brief revenge tale, colored by the supernatural and undergirded by an unyielding perseverance in the face of great horrors. It's a fun, action-packed story, and justifies various high-octane fight scenes throughout. My only qualms are with its pacing and occasional inconsistency. Everything feels a tad rushed, and the big, dramatic scenes feel a little unearned at times as a result. Then, though this is a lesser issue, its ...
For better or for worse, S2 of BoFuri doesn't bring much of anything new to the table. That is to say that if you enjoyed the first season, you will enjoy this one, too. They're pretty much the exact same thing. Simultaneously, if you thought S1 was not for you, this installment will not redeem shit. Be at peace and move on.. . The only tangible change I could detect was that of my own deteriorating enjoyment of the series. S2 reveals an unintended consequence of releasing anime in a seasonal format, rather than continuously, as scores of old anime used to. Because it is released separately, ...
Yes, it's worth the watch.. . The show's name is misleading. I'm 8 episodes in and there has been nothing about using healing magic in "the wrong way" of any kind. I half expected some kind of twist like in Redo of Healer where healing magic was used in unexpected ways, but there's been nothing like that.. . Anyways, this is still a good show. The first episode starts kinda slow but what really got me interested is that they did a lot of the anime tropes differently. Characters react in ways I haven't seen in other shows. The pacing was better for emotional reactions than in many ...
Legend of the Galactic Heroes is famed as the best anime ever made. Any self-respecting anime connoisseur is expected to have Legend of the Galactic Heroes on their "to watch" list in order to be granted entry into the Elite Weeb Club. Mind you, you don't have to actually watch Legend of the Galactic Heroes. You merely need to state your intent to watch Legend of the Galactic Heroes. "Come again? Legend of the Galactic Heroes? Of course I plan to watch Legend of the Galactic Heroes. Legend of the Galactic Heroes is definitely on my list!" Thus, your Elite Weeb status is assured.. . In effect, ...
It would appear I owe Hayao Miyazaki-sensei an apology. For the longest time, I've been saying that Howl's Moving Castle is one of the worst Ghibli movies. Incidentally, it's the very first Ghibli movie I've seen. Alas, my first viewing, some, oh, 6-7 odd years ago, was colored by the company and intrusive circumstances I found myself surrounded by at the time. Without going into too much detail, I was exhausted, constantly distracted, and even fell asleep half-way through. As such, it is of little surprise that much of what was happening made little sense to me.. . Having now rewatched it properly, I must confess myself ...
Being that it is part of the Holy Trinity of seinen manga alongside Berserk and Vagabond, I had high hopes for Vinland Saga.. . That being said, there was a certain something in me holding me back from watching it. Was it because I felt it was somehow aesthetically similar to Claymore and I thought I wouldn't really click with it? Was it because I heard DigiBro complain that one time about the CG in the show and how it's not as good as the manga? Was it because I was afraid of the Berserk effect and feared that all the hype was just because of its ...
A brilliant modern shounen that improves upon most of the faults in classic shounen series – fillers, inconsistent animation, out of control scaling, awkward pacing, and so on, and so forth.. . It's a Bones production, so you know that technical quality is guaranteed. Judging by the background art, I can tell that some of the same people who worked on Soul Eater are also working on this one.. . As for the anime itself, it's exactly what you think it is. The title is pretty self-explanatory. It's basically superhero Harry Potter. The show has many merits, but if there's one thing it excels at, it's the ability to ...
As far as I know, the series itself has struck me as a masterpiece ever since I watched the first EP with my friends.. . The story itself takes place after the main big event that would've made for an entirely different (though more exciting) series, which is the slaying of the Demon King. During this time, Frieren, along with the rest of the hero party, have made countless memories and forged unforgettable friendships. For Himmel and Heiter, it was the peak of their lives, but for Frieren (who we know is an elf with a long lifespan), the long journey is but a fleeting moment to ...
Kaguya Sama is truly the perfect representation of a romantic comedy and what an anime adaptation should be. this anime can make you laugh like crazy but also make you cry. Iconic characters whether they are main or secondary;this anime does not need fan services to shine or attract attention unlike most anime of the same genre;scenes which have become classic moments and which have left their mark on us. this anime is undoubtedly one of the pillars of the genre and one of the ...
A fun power fantasy, that adds nothing new to the mix.. . Story 6/10. As said mostly just a power fantasy where our protagonist grows strong as one can be. The most fun part so far was getting the ability to grow strong. After that it hasn't been far off from any other series with a similar premise, defeating stronger and stronger enemies. At least there is variety in enemies and the video game-like aspect is quite fun.. . Art 8/10. Good art above the norm. Nothing stands out though. They definitely worked on the opening to make it as clean as possible, the actual show is a slight downgrade ...
I... was not ready for this. I don't know what I expected. I'm not even sure how I found this movie. I seem to remember randomly seeing the thumbnail on a streaming website and thinking it was pretty. Safe to say, it was easily one of the best spontaneous decisions I've ever made.. . This movie is what you would get if you could put beauty in a bottle. The Iorphs are elf-like humanoids, pale, blonde, living isolated from the rest of the world, and their average life span is probably in the thousands of years. All they're missing are the pointy ears. Throughout history, they've come ...
What, you thought that generic Not Sword Art Online clones and trash OreImo clones are all that A-1 Pictures is capable of? Well, fair enough, that's a reasonable assumption. Alas, as it turns out, they're also capable of producing shounen epics. To be fair, A-1 Pictures has already produced a shounen epic, namely Fairy Tail, but that seems to be roundly condemned as the worst that the shounen genre has to offer. I disagree, but regardless, it's not exactly the A-1's crown jewel.. . Nevertheless, The Seven Deadly Sins' reception is much more positive. The Seven Deadly Sins, My Hero Academia, and Black Clover were considered to ...
Baccano! is a thirteen episode adaptation of a light novel series written by Ryōgo Narita, who is also the writer of Durarara!! (I guess he really likes exclamation points!!!!) The story centers around Prohibition Era (1930s) USA, specifically New York City, and the perspectives and settings, including both the times and the places, frequently switch between many different characters. The non-linear structure of this show is the lens through which we come to understand the story and characters, and whether you like it or not will probably determine how you feel about the series as a whole.. . Some might say that a non-linear story with frequently ...
Still, an A-1 production, Prisoners of the Sky is unironically awesome. I'm not saying this in the sense that it's surprisingly good for T7DS standards, because I'm aware this franchise doesn't have an absolutely stellar reputation. No, I'm saying that I thoroughly enjoyed every moment of it.. . There is some debate as to whether or not it is canon, but regardless, it's a genuinely good story with spectacular action sakuga that I actually went back to rewatch. I didn't find myself checking the remaining runtime once, which is fairly rare with me when it comes to anime films. Even during the first act, the set-up was ...
Before I say anything, I must address the far and away number one problem that's sure to hit you in the face like a freight train from the first minute of S4's first episode: the censorship. For whatever reason, be it Deen's decision or the network's, the first cour of S4 features some pretty distasteful censorship. Don't bother trying to scour the internet for a secret uncensored Blu-ray version. There isn't one.. . What is censored and how? The violence is censored in two ways. First, occasionally, if there's gore, the gory element will simply be blacked out. There is a scene where Ban uses his Snatch ...
Have you watched the latest anime, Ninja Kamui? This anime is very interesting! Think about this: right from the start, you are immediately faced with a tense scene where a ninja is hunting a deserter. And guess what? The ninja turns out to be our main character, Joe Higan. However, there's an interesting twist – Joe is no ordinary ninja; he has a background that will surprise you. On a mission with his friend, things change dramatically when love emerges amidst the chaos. However, tragedy strikes when Joe's family falls victim to an evil plot , destroying them and awakening the desire for revenge. If ...
Gunsmith Cats is really little more than dollar store Cowboy Bebop with cute girls. Based on the manga by Sonoda Kenichi, serialized in Kodansha's Monthly Afternoon magazine, it was produced by studio OLM in 1995. You might know it as the studio behind the original 1997 Berserk anime.. . Gunsmith Cats is the story of Irene Vincent, Rally for short, May Hopkins, and Becky Farrah, the members of the Gunsmith Cats freelance bounty hunter company, which also doubles as a walk-in gun store.. . The story of GSC is mediocre at best. Devil-may-care Spike Spiegel wannabe law enforcement agent hires the GSC girls to help him with an investigation, ...
The Enchanted Parade is a direct sequel to the original Little Witch Academia OVA. In terms of what it has to offer, it’s more of the same – just longer. The animation is still great, but other than being longer, it brings nothing new to the table. From every point of view, the previous OVA was better. The plot was tighter, the pacing was faster, and it felt like the animation was a touch more ambitious.. . Unfortunately, the one thing that movie did for me that the OVA did not was absolutely kill Akko's character. Even from the OVA, Akko was portrayed as a self-centered, loud, ...
The story of the making of Little Witch Academia is quite compelling in and of itself and an inspiring example to other studios in the industry. Much like how Ryan Reynolds managed to get Deadpool made by leaking some of Fox's test footage and goading the public into bullying the studio to make it, Trigger published a 25 min OVA in 2013 simply called Little Witch Academia. They expressed a desire to turn it into a proper TV show and opened a Kickstarter fund for it.. . Once they got into some money, they released a proper hour-long movie, Little Witch Academia: The Enchanted Parade in the ...
Migi and Dali is a textbook example of subverting viewer expectations. Be prepared for a roller coaster of laughs, suspense, surprise, and the sentimental.. . I will avoid getting into the plot as it is something better to be experienced, but whatever expectations you have from even the third episode onward will be flipped upside down in the end. The writers clearly knew what they were doing, and this is shown in everything from the writing to the execution.. . First, the comedic timing in the show is perfect and leads to unexpected bursts of laughter. You may think it is a show where seeming gags ...
what a great season Ayanakojiiiiii love. .. The fight it was so good and precise how i thought he would fight if ever. op&ed were great .. .. i always loved how in the first season he had no feelings but would develop as a character and this season took it to another high... manipulates lies fights has a shady past Still a great MC... I like how these anime try to invest you fully in the plot so you can think about it too by showing everything with a good pacing. it doesn't feel like too much we have a idea how will the mc be affected and it makes ...
Ah, the good old days... the 80s truly were a better time. One of the more infamous products of the 80s golden era of ultraviolent OVAs, Angel Cop's is a legacy permeated by controversy, and not for the reasons you might expect.. . Sometime in the future, Japan has become a superpower. As such, it has no shortage of enemies that try to bring it down through various more or less conventional forms of terrorism. In order to combat this incessant threat, the Special Security Force is established, an incredibly selective and almost mythical special detachment of the Japanese police force. The elite of the elite, the ...
At first it just was "meh" to me and I almost quit after 3 episodes. Yet something drew me back in and I really had fun with episode 4 and 5.. . Episode 6... Well, I survived that and thank god I did because in episode 7 the plot kicks in and totally won me over. I will 100% watch this and want a season 2 aswell. This is great fun and Utena is just awesome!. . . The artstyle is very nice, the voiceacting (Utena♥️) is top notch and adds to the quality of the anime.. . The theme song is so darn catchy and upbeat, I can't help but start ...
I just got done watching this after recently also checking out Kiznaiver, though I don't compare the two a whole lot I do have one statement that I think was valuable to warrant this explanation. Kiznaiver is an interesting show and I suggest you watch it if you read this.. . Magical Destroyers is a fascinating show that breaks the mold in many ways and while it's quality may be lacking in certain areas like the animation and pacing, it's music, art direction, and story surprised me in many delightful ways. It kept me guessing as to what reality was at every point, and I think the ...
Dominion is an extremely strange anime. Masamune Shirow has many ideas and many things to say. Anybody who knows more than the superficial about him knows that he's hard to neatly categorise as an author. Ghost in the Shell is a thought-provoking milestone in the medium coming from that mind and although Dominion is also thought-provoking, it is so in a much meta-textual way. I will presently attempt to articulate why.. . From the very second it starts, Dominion appears to present itself as biting commentary on police brutality and excess. The first minutes are spent hearing (voice-off) a heated discussion between a police chief and the ...
IMO Dragon ball super was a downgrade from Dragon ball z & felt like an unnecessary series. However I'm glad that it was made because there are still many great parts of this show & badass moments. This series pivoted more into the Vegeta vs Goku rivalry while in DBZ Goku was stronger than Vegeta since after the saiyan saga. Ultra instinct was definetely the most hype bit about the series & some of those scenes were amazing in the TOP. However the TOP arc was filled with 20+ episodes of fights with random fighters that nobody actually cared about. It felt like they just ...
Tearmoon is a light-hearted fun take on the villainess/otome genre. The show focuses heavier on comedy than anything else, but it has enough sprinkles of strategy, politics, drama and other things we would expect from a princess show.. . The real strength of this show is that it is a fun delve into these things rather than a serious one, but that may also serve as it's weakness. Tearmoon does not get too caught up in any big arcs or large plots. However, it is quite nice to see what happens, as because of the nature of Princess Mia, things do not always go quite ...
This anime was healing to the heart of an adult who remembers their past as a wallflower after moving states and losing their close friends since kindergarten. Highschool was so hard, especially for a girl in the same shoes as Hachiman. Lost my closest friend to distance, couldn't fit in with the already decided cliques, chose to accept life alone. The walls around someone who is alone yet not lonely are both protecting and hindering. It protects one from sustaining injuries from people who did not have your best interests in mind. Yet it also isolates you from individuals that could empathize with you, and ...
This is not a conventional review, but a strong, spoiler-free recommendation, stamped with conviction. My reason for doing treating the "review" process this way, in the case of Le Portrait de Petit Cossette (or "Cossette no Shouzou,") is because of how this anime was referred to me for viewership... Through the internet, via a small community of dedicated fans, whose voices eventually reached me over the sounds of an overwhelmingly mediocre public reception. You may have also heard these whispers on the wind.. . "Cossette is a masterpiece.". "Cossette is the only anime to have ever changed my life.". . Such musings may have been what led you to consider ...
Angel beats had no business being such a masterpiece. It's suppose to be a light comedy with action, but it will break you in so many levels the more you watch. It does this NOT as a super serious and complex flex, but through simple story telling. It's a show everyone has to watch at least once, not just to fill your anime list braggin points, but to be face to face with the deep existential poetry that this anime can remind you of.. . This anime has me at odds between 9 or 10. 9 because of how casual the story is mix with comedy, ...
A really strong anime, with an emotional story, amazing production value, and a fun movie to watch on a rainy day.. . Those are the strong points about this film. It's hard not to give credit where credit is due. This movie is an amazing watch for both new fans and long time watchers.. . A solid 9. I want to give this a solid 10, but it's pretty clear that this movie, as good as it looks, is nowhere as well made as something like Silent Voice, Your Name, or 5 centimeters. Which is hard to say, because I had to actually stop to consider just because a ...
Even though I wrote this review for OVA II, it also applies to OVA I.. . I learned of this OVA thanks to a video documenting Akiyuki Shimboh's works before working with Shaft, and somehow this interested me. I thought I would just appreciate it for some beautiful Shinboesque scenes and not much substance. Imagine my surprise that it's actually a good anime.. . Yamamoto Youko is a high school student who was recruited in the 20th century to fly a space fighter. Even though she's just good in video games, her skills are immediately transferrable to flying space fighters.. . She's a Mary Sue, but you'll like her ...
Amagami SS is one of those shows I still can't forget about because not many romance shows actually complete a full love story, and Amagami has 6. Talk about a romance watcher's dream.. . This show excels in making sure every girl gets her happy ending, and without spoiling the end, it even makes sure no one gets left out of their resolve.. . Some argue that they have a real problem with how "inconsistent" this form of anime is to watch, but those are just ignorant people that can't accept when an anime does something differently. You know, lord forbid there could be a different way ...
Black Lagoon is absolutely a gem in the anime world. You can watch this if you really love anime. You can enjoy this if you've never seen anime. That's how good and natural all the characters and the pace of the story is.. . I had trouble deciding to give this a 9 or 10 but sadly Black Lagoon is a solid 9. Unlike other 10 shows like Cowboy Bebob, Black Lagoon has less depth to their main characters and the story, well the story just feels like nothing really matters in an everyday life of bandits and slums.. . Like the story could go on without any ...
This anime is actually quite promising for the storyline. The story of taking back what is his through various monsters and demons who try to bother him, accompanied by a child, makes the action in this anime a story that I am really waiting for. However, the writing of this story seems rushed, as if this anime only needed 1 season. The rush of fighting plots and solving problems makes this anime seem light and a little disappointed because the concept of this anime is very good. I really look forward to the concept of this anime being even better in the future coming.
I feel like I need to represent the people who gave it a shot and enjoy this show. Sure, this series starts off with typical cheap rom-com vibes, but over the next episodes it begins to stand out from other ones in a good way. It keeps surprising me and making me interested.. Not to say that the plot is unpredictable, but the way it is delivered is WAY better than most romance anime, and can even rival Love is War at some moments (cuz i see a lot of comparisons to that anime).. . So my take on this series: plot and characters are basic and predictable, ...
Very underrated anime, the concept behind it is very overlooked by many and the story is actually quite emotional and tear jerking in my opinion. I highly disagree with the low rating this anime overall has. The story is really unique in its own way and doesnt really feel like it is comparable to something other i have seen. The art style is really well done and gives a certain dystopian/realistic feeling to it together with emptiness and also a really interresting emotion that folds with the way the story goes. I think again this anime is wrongly hated and looked down on because of ...
The unique design of the MC first got me hooked onto the show. From the perspective of any big Manhwa reader, you would love this. They really delve deep into the video game mechanics, which adds layers to the story. I tend to not enjoy these kinds of manga or anime that have this no-risk (not death) game kind of concept, but this anime executes it wonderfully. The fight scenes are very well done, choreographed well and the animation itself is crisp. It's one of those shows where I can just shut off my brain and enjoy myself in any kind of environment. If you ...
I'll be honest, when I first started watching this show, I wasn't won over by it at all. Tama, the cute little fox girl, is cute as heck, and her personality was a nice surprise, but for the first few episodes it seemed to be a very 'meh' show, initially having me rate it as a mere 6.. I've just finished episode 8, and without spoilers or even saying which episode earned the rating increase, I'll say that the ranking jumped from 6 to 8 in one go.. . If you've got the time and patience to spare (and enjoy shounen), I highly recommend watching this show. It's ...
Bunny Drop (2011) Is a soul-nourishing short slice-of-life story that beautifully captures fatherhood & family. From its animation straight out of a storybook, to its cute story and incredible characters, Bunny Drop is a fantastic entry into the anime medium (and void of the over-sexual, creepy, high school, incest, repetitive nonsense, that's plagued it since the late '90s). Bunny Drop excels in its short span (11 episodes) displaying the growing (and adorable) father-daughter bond between Daikichi and Rin, their chemistry is both adorable and hilarious but never zany, a common theme within the show is just how human everyone is, the humor here comes from ...
This movie was the peak of the Demon Slayer anime. It has an interesting story good pilot develops over time, This movie showed more character development than Season 1, Season 2, or any other season, and the fight scenes were great and the movie was never boring. It’s a great anime movie that’ll be worth your time. The characters in this movie were good they also showed more emotion and deepness than in any other season. Some people may not like it if they watch a decent amount of shounen animes. But the movie was beyond regular. So my clear point would be 8 out ...
This is a typical long-run generic Shounen anime. It looks like It’s another big long-run shounen anime inspired by other big long-run shounen animes. The point is Black Clover makes good things that are inspired by other animes. It’s a good entertaining show that’ll be worth your time. Some people may not like it if they watch many amounts of anime like these but that doesn’t change the good things that Black Clover does. Good world-building, a Decent amount of good characters, and a watchable story. It makes some things good but not definitely great so my clear point would be 8 out of 10.
It is good, reminiscent of Mushoku tensei buuuuut worse in pretty much every single way. But still it is good. . University student gets trucked into the body of a 6 year old orphan. He soon after gets superpowers and goes to the local academy. I don't personally quite understand why every isekai character has to attend school, it is the middle ages my dude nobody was attending school. The kids behavior is also totally weird 8 year olds acting like high schoolers it just doesn't make much sense. "You are sullying the name of this fine institution with your baseless slander" 8 year old kid says ...
I started watching this because the description seemed interesting. An "evil" main character who is actually a fan of the heroes she is fighting? Sounds cool and has a lot of potential. I start watching, and lo and behold, it's a porno. Still, even with the random nudity everywhere, the show itself is still interesting and Utena is adorable and fun as the protagonist, I just wish her and every other character weren't naked for most of the show. I think I'm probably the only person actually unironically watching this for the plot, but I like it, not a masterpiece but better than a lot ...
Certified Hood classic. They came back and did this series Write and Right. They cooked. I love everything about this series even the dub. The Fights the animation the Story the Voice acting the characters the Powerscaling. There's like 1 things I didn't like about this series and that is the wait for Cour 3. Binge this series. Bleach has always been a Cult classic but the way they executed both Cour 1 & 2 already lets us as a fan base know how Cour 3 will go.. . Let's start with the story.. . What makes bleach? What gives bleach it's filling? It's depth right? It ...
Have we peaked already? At least we did it in a FLASHY WAY!. . So at this point we should wonder whether Demon Slayer will stand the test of time, and I'm afraid the answer is No, but I'll get to that later on.. . The Entertainment District Arc continues our firmly established heroes on their path and is probably the pinnacle of Demon Slayer both now, and I predict will continue to stay that way in the future. I'm not sure why anyone would be watching at this point if they didn't enjoy the character design, but if you do then you will be very happy because ...
Warning: this is anime original so there is a good chance it will fall off (currently writting on ep 3). . Plot: (5/10). Revenge story with a very mid storyline on why things are happening there is some lore for the world the show takes place in but its not that great basically there are cooler looking cheap version of naruto's ninjas in this world but more evil/criminal and they are a secret organization. . Animation: (9/10). The animation is amazing leagues superior to the average anime. . Characters: (5/10). your average revenge driven mc and almost 0 side characters that we already know re not going to matter much to the plot. ...
For the initial introduction, I didn't expect anything from this anime at all, because I saw the score which was quite low.. However, this anime turns out to be quite fun to watch, even though the storyline isn't too special or anything interesting. but it's not boring to watch.. Honestly, I wasn't in the mood to watch anime, but after watching this anime I started to get excited again has a cute, beautiful character, it's okay to just call me a pedophile for this.. . As for the delinquent character, I don't really like him, at the beginning his presence quite spoiled the atmosphere, but over time I ...
From my point of view it is a masterpiece. It doesn't present a cliché plot, but on the contrary, a unique story with immersive sounds, and constant character development.. . The animations are at a high level, as well as the dialogues. In the first instance, I know people criticise it for not being 100% gore, but it simply doesn't need it. The intelligence in the battles, the plot development, the display of powers by each character, and the close combat all add up to elegance. Indeed, we expect a bit more action, but I'm sure we'll get it.. . So far, 10/10, and recommended to the whole MAL ...
I don’t understand why this anime is rated less than Classroom Of The Elites. The human nature insights that this anime provided are not only more abundant, but much more psychologically correct and grounded in a true knowledge of human nature. COTE can be more about scheming and manipulating, but the way it does is exploiting very simple people weaknesses, secrets or stereotyped character flaws. But JCTK is way more deeper in exposing and understanding the true psychology of the characters, and explaining how to deal with human instincts to become a better person. This anime is almost a perfectly crafted handbook on how ...
It is almost a masterpiece from the very first episode.. . The story is not unique if we address it to the cliché: "character seeking revenge", but as the plot develops, it can become unique. The plot may seem cliché in theory, but the animations are up to the task of making it interesting.. . The artistic style is at the top. The animations are of a high standard, as are the accompanying sounds. I really enjoy watching the fights.. . As the episodes go on you see more character development. It's worth watching. If you like Samurai Champloo, you'll probably like Ninja Kamui.
this series has been a part of my life for a great amount of time i didn't want to watch the finals because it would end no more LEVI titans fight my soldiers scared me but boy this was great ..... .. i was a kid when i started watching AOT and now when i'm a kid but can't be called one.I can say this without a shred of a doubt or anything what a great experience was watching AOT and all these characters i never read the manga because i loved watching levi in action and that is the best feeling.... I CAN'T SAY MUCH ABOUT THE ...
Detroit Metal City: The Best Comedy Anime Ever!. Absurd Humor and Sharp Satire:. . Detroit Metal City is one of the best comedy anime I've ever watched. Its absurd humor and sharp satire had me laughing out loud. The anime doesn't shy away from poking fun at everything from the music industry to fandom culture.. . Engaging Story and Memorable Characters:. . The story of Detroit Metal City is not only funny but also engaging and thought-provoking. We follow the adventures of Souichi Negishi, a quiet young man who secretly has a brutal alter ego named Johannes Krauser II, the famous death metal vocalist!. . The characters in this anime are just as interesting ...
Before discussing about each aspect of the movie, I'm gonna reiterate this - "This movie doesn't really belong & feels like a movie of 2021-22. Its a through & through late 80s or 90s movie in every way".. . Now coming to the discussion about this movie, its gonna be broken into 5 broad aspects: Art & Animation, Sound, Character Development, Direction & Story;& Enjoyment.. . Let's talk about art & animation. It doesn't really belong to a movie in 2021 or 2022. For a movie, its a through & through late 80s & 90s style. It has similar art style found in Ghibli movies of those times & ...
BIG MEN DOING MAN SHIT returns triumphantly for a second season and there is more man than ever. Baki is peak testosterone fueled fun and it's a joy from beginning to end. Do yourself a favour and don't pass up on this!. . This entire season is just a tournament arc and it takes full advantage of that fact and brings forth the best you could expect from something like this. Tons of varied and compelling fighters, each with a unique personality and of course a unique fighting style. The different matches all present something fresh and different and the whole season is engaging throughout. There is ...
Wow, what a movie that was.. . First off, as a fan of Date a Live who only started the show in 2022, this movie was not what I expected. After catching up to season 4, this movie hits differently. I enjoyed how this movie was going for a story that reminisces what made the first season great. If your looking for more Date a Live after catching up with the anime, this movie is a must-watch.. . Story. Solid, I enjoyed the date scenes as we get to see some funny moments in them. Also, I like how it built up to who Mayuri is. The more dates Shido ...
A good anime, with flaws. The animation is one of the highlights of this show, particularly within this genre. There are a surpirising amount of decent action scenes with a good amount of flash to them. The background are amazing in this anime, and the monsters look really neat as well. The character detail isn't high, but it is very clean and expresses more subtle facial emotions very well. The characters are not fantastic, but they are decent. There isn't a lot of backstory to the characters, but the main characters have a fair amount of emotional depth. They really could have fleshed out the ...
Great Pretender is back for a final movie and... honestly, it's a bit underwhelming. For a series that blew me away repeatedly over its run, this felt pretty tame, focusing its attention instead on some of the inner workings of a drug smuggling mob element as a central character finds himself drawn away from his life of crime. We don't get a lot of backstory on these characters, and since we've only seen Dorothy before, that makes it difficult to get invested in what's going on. And it really does feel like a side story rather than a capstone to this series, with a couple ...
Although I wouldn’t describe it as outstanding, this revisit to Digimon Adventure is a fun ride. It does have a lot of failings, but for this 90s kid, it offered some great callbacks to the original series and made just a few improvements. I wouldn’t discourage anyone from watching and enjoying it. This reboot does fail in a lot of areas as well, though, mostly in the areas of pacing and character development. The pacing was funky, offering random glimpses in each episode at what various character groups were doing or charging headlong into boss battles that weren’t really all that earned. I often found ...
High School of the Dead is one of those animes that make me question, can an echii appeal also be a masterpiece?. . There was something seriously different in Japan during this era of anime that even echii fan service had amazing production value.. . The story is about zombies, survival, guns, and fan service, all in an adult gorey showcase. In a way, the echi comedy is really a satire aimed at most high school anime and the action genre as a whole. With big guns, cute girls being eaten, a hot harem trio, and action scenes. This show is anything but boring. In fact, the real ...
I don't know why I haven't made a review yet, but this anime after all this time might just be a masterpiece. A hidden gem. An artwork to be studied for it's creative inner philosophies.. . But, I know most don't see the same way. Most might say this anime is shallow, convoluted, and just plain ol' dumb. I get it. Personally, I've seen this anime a couple of times, and frankly, some places did a better job at the poetic translations than others. It's bizarre. Normally, translations just focus on dialogue, but with TRUE TEARS, the literal dialogue is poetry at times. And I can see ...
Do not listen to the negative reviews. This anime is a masterpiece.. Most other negative reviewers did not understand what this anime is about, they probably are the kind of people who don't get sarcasm either if you catch my drift.. This anime is satire. We live in a world where every season that comes around, a dozen of isekai are making their way through. This anime is insanely satire, at a point where if you've seen a couple of isekais yourself, you'll have a lot of fun watching this. My advice is challenge yourself to count the tropes they make fun of.. . The main character has an ...
So far, a great quality adventure anime. Absolutely recommended!. . For anyone who had not read the books, it is easy to follow along with the development of the plot. A viewer can easily understand the main character's intentions and actions without them needed to be explained too much, making the flow of the anime quite consistent. The main character keeps a fun, caring, genuine personality throughout the series. The main character's personal development is not without struggle, but still progresses at a satisfying rate. The story line showcases Rentt's knowledge extraordinarily well, without making his character seem arrogant or cocky, and by showing his deepened knowledge, ...
Greetings friends. . I am someone who rarely watches comedy type of animes, or animes that try to win their audience by trying to make jokes or by looking funny in some way, also i barely write any anime reviews. However i was extremely well suprised by how much i enjoyed this anime and it made me appreciate more such animes that try to be more chill. This anime is absolutely chill and adorable, if you are someone thats looking to just relax after long and tiring day with something that doesnt demand your full attention of details of storyline and overall following the plotline, this anime ...
Alright, if I could give a 9 score to Darling in the Franx, I think it's very reasonable to give this anime the same because. -this anime has an actually good way of character interactions. -this anime has decent animations for battles lol. -this anime, like Darling in the Franx, doesn't have a super deep and complex plot. . Now, the reason I could never rate this anime higher is because. -its clearly strong in it's fan service appeal. -there is only 1 season lol. . Personally, I didn't mind the lewdness in this show because it's more normal than you think for armor to be "torn" or worn out in battles, ...
Tabi Machi Late Show is a little waif of an anime, taking less than half an hour to finish all 4 episodes. Though, despite the brevity and sheer simplicity of the experience this anime offers, it still manages to deliver some real emotional substance, much more than what I was expecting from such a fleeting show. In this way, I'd liken it to a sweet scent on the wind, the way it comes into one's life from who knows where, and blows away in an instant, nonetheless making that moment that something imperceptibly more than it otherwise would have been. I must begin with this ...
Housekishou Richard's biggest asset is its novelty, which it wields very well. It falls off towards the end, but a bit more on that below.. . Story: First, this anime is more a slice-of-life than mystery, and should be treated as such. Each episode is warm and more serves to expand the audience's perception of people and what's possible than to get them to unravel a big, complicated plan. And because it's more of a slice-of-life, the stories depicted are fresh and unexpected, and take a vastly more liberal tone with the characters than many of its conservative peers in the same genre. To which, it ...
Yuru Camp, one of those shows that makes me really mad about my seldom being able to get into anything from the slice-of-life genre.. . Because this show is absolutely perfect, and it really nails everything that it's committed to showing and excels in the areas that it’s supposed to. I have literally nothing to complain about. You can tell this series comes from a place of passion, both from the original mangaka, Afro, and the team behind the adaptation, voice actors, animators, etc... The quality never drops, and almost every episode has something unique to portray that I can’t say you could find anywhere else. ...
So far from what I have seen this anime is lovely- a simple and sweet concept with nothing too annoying or emotionally taxing. I like how Adachi isn't fully on board with the romance right away but isn't entirely opposed to it either- a very realistic reaction I'd say which makes this anime a breath of fresh air in my opinion. I also like how the show just portrays him as just some normal dude- without disproving that by like making him super kind or whatever. Kurosawa is great too from what I gather- i like how they gave him depth without making it a ...
#Review info. . Reviewing Info: In a nutshell. Personal ENJOYMENT plays much bigger value than "objective" view. But more explained on my page through my profile.. . Review layout: Unformatted hopefully friendly MAL format. . Review type: Anime. . Note: Still testing review layouts. This line will be removed when I’m satisfied with the layout.. . ...
Satoshi Kon has done it again. After the wonderful Perfect Blue, he gives me another incredibly strange experience. Strange in the best sense of the word. This Paranoia Agent, like Perfect Blue, has a fairly normal incipit: Sagi, a young graphic designer, is attacked by a boy armed with a baseball bat. Later many other people are attacked and two detectives, Ikari and Maniwa, are tasked with finding the culprit. Simple, right? Well from here, everything starts to go to pieces. And Satoshi Kon does it again. It combines fact and fiction, reality and fantasy in an experience very similar to a psychedelic trip. A ...
Dungeon meshi is one of the best anime this season. It is highly recommended if you like comedy and sof animes. It has the perfect blend of action and comedy.The character designs are suited to the story.Our MC is little stupid but you will enjoy his moments of being stupid in a funny way. Plot 7/10. Story 8/10. Character designs 7/10. Pacing 6/10. if you will watch it you can see the mind given to the Biology of each monster.. After all that it has the best girl"Marcel "in it. If you are not watching dungeon meshi this season ...
Behold the cosmic spectacle of Tsuki ga Michibiku Isekai Douchuu, a realm where the mundane meets the marvelous in a whirlwind of isekai enchantment!. . Picture this: our protagonist is not your typical chiseled hero but the epitome of... aesthetically challenged. Yes, he's the diamond in the rough, banished to the fringes of the realm with a band of merry demi-humans.. . But fear not, for in this tale, our hero doesn't wield swords or summon thunderbolts; instead, he wields the power of... bureaucracy! He builds his little town secretly, rubbing elbows with monsters and forming contracts like a fantasy real estate mogul.. . And let's talk about his harem, shall ...
Picture this scene: you find yourself thrust into a thrilling pursuit across rooftops illuminated by neon lights, with the brisk wind rushing past you while enigmatic figures engage in fierce clashes with unparalleled finesse. This exhilarating sequence merely sets the stage for Ninja Kamui, an anime that delivers relentless action alongside poignant emotional impact. This impactful debut marks the first original series from director Sunghoo Park, known for his work on Jujutsu Kaisen, and it boldly showcases "Ninja Kamui's" commitment to action and intensity with a mix of bloodshed and graceful choreography.. . In the inaugural moments of Ninja Kamui, viewers are immediately ensnared as they are ...
So far I've caught up to the most recent episode and I absolutely do not understand the low rating on MAL, I think crunchyroll's in this case is much more accurate (4.7 out of 5). Obviously we need to see how it all unfolds + concludes, but the six episodes I've watched definitely deserve a 8. I will update my rating once the first season is finished.. . It's a dark, gory tale of witches with across the board very likeable and interesting characters and a beautiful art style. The episodes are much like "Supernatural", chasing particular cases with the overall arch of finding a particular ...
The story starts as Sei Takanashi is isekai'd to kingdom of Slantania. She overhears that the Grand Magus summoned two saints, the prince declares the other girl as the Saint. She decides to stay at the Research Institute to learn herbs and potions.. . The plot is basic and predictable, there are no antagonists or shocking events in the story. Sei does magic so effortlessly, you know what's coming next. It lacks a more detailed and engaging plot because similar things happen during the series. That being said, it's still a enjoyable, lighthearted watch. The art and opening is good.. . If you like feel good, easy ...
Afro Samurai, Samurai Champloo, Boondocks, and Metal Gear. If you like those series or can appreciate quality fight choreography and animation, you will love this show.. . For a show to reach above average, it needs to focus on a something and do it very well. For Ninja Kami, it's the action. You should watch an action show for the action. If a series tries to do everything, it often fails in some area.. . If you are a child who needs lolicon pandering and lewd fan service, this bloody action show won't be for you. If you're an adult who grew up on Toonami and Adult Swim and ...
It’s trash, but the kinda trash that’s hard to stop watching. Equal parts dumpster fire and trainwreck, this anime is a mess of convoluted plots, one-dimensional characters, and awful animation.. . It’s the perfect anime to watch slightly drunk while bored on a saturday night.. . To be honest, it really doesn’t have any redeeming qualities. I don’t even know why I’m recommending it or how it could possibly have gotten greenlit for a second season. It’s probably the beer.. . Anyway, only watch this if you’ve literally exhausted all other isekai and you’re trying to decide between this and something like “in another world with my smartphone”. ...
However, this anime was great; it's one of my favorites. But the ending left me with a lingering feeling. I can't quite explain it, but it's like looking at something that is complete, yet clearly missing a piece. I understand that it's the premise of the anime – everything has its value in late capitalism, and that sucks. Nevertheless, it remains one of the best I've ever seen. There's a sense that those we love will always be in our hearts, as demonstrated in the end. Despite my dissatisfaction with the ending, it certainly left behind good memories and moments (Lucy & David).
A unique show that takes a food series and gives it a fantastical twist.. . Art style is perhaps the most important aspect of both a fantasy series and a food series. And this show nails it. Not only does it always serve you delicious-looking food you can taste straight from the screen, but it also sports some of the most gorgeous character designs. While certainly not unique or deviates from the genre, the design for all the different monsters and races feels inspired and meshes well with each other, so nothing looks out of place.. . If you're a manga reader, however, I can't say that this series ...
There's a sense of melancholy that I feel whenever I'm watching this series. While it doesn't drift too far away from a typical fantasy adventure genre, Sousou no Frieren always spices its story with nostalgia and life lessons that make each chapter touch your heart. Coupled that with great writing and art, turned this series into what I consider a masterpiece.. . Every character is written with a complex history and motivations that make every one of them memorable. But one group of characters that I found this series to write exceptionally well compared to others, is the demon race. In that, instead of making them ...
Ninja Kamui" is a heart-pounding ninja adventure that hooks you from the first shuriken throw! .The animation is as sharp as blade, bringing each fight to life with electrifying intensity. But it's not just about the action—the story weaves in themes of honor, betrayal, and redemption, keeping you glued to the screen. "Ninja Kamui" is a must-watch for ninja enthusiasts and action lovers alike!. These kinds of anime's strong point is their action, and when I heard that Park Seong-Hu, director of 'Jujutsu Kaisen,' is bringing this anime to light, I was convinced it will not disappoint me in the action department. For the binge-watcher, ...
good animation having a good number of distinct personalities among the characters. We get an overall hilarious and emotional taste from this anime. The anime's outro song was the aspect that I found particularly appealing. It features two distinct outros: one from 1 to 11 and another from 12 to 23. The first one, which runs from 1 to 11, is the greatest; I listened to it through without pausing. That tune, which will remind me of this anime, is also something I added to Spotify. It's essentially a sports anime, comparable to Haikyuu and Blue Lock. I will recommend this anime. I had a ...
I started watching this show right after I finished Full Metal Alchemist Brotherhood which I remember a friend of mine said was a bad idea since this show in comparison would be bad.. . To an extent he was right because truthfully it wasn’t nearly as good but at the same time I didn’t expect to be and I don’t think it really intended to be. I think there’s a misconception that every piece of media needs to be some revolutionary, ground-breaking story in order to be any good but I don’t think that’s true. I think a piece of media can be just as good (a ...
badass... worthy of a spot on the site? ...no.... but it's a badass trailer.... . this is a trailer for the 2001 hellsing anime, by the way, not hellsing ultimate. the inclusion of millenium members is questionable but it was before they decided to make up their own villains for the show. this works better as a trailer to hellsing ultimate than it does 2001, though. but it was still worth the watch either way. best 3 minutes of my life. not really but it was cool.. . since this is a trailer for hellsing 2001, it has the artstyle of the 2001 anime so that means we ...
Fair warning that 07-Ghost DOES have a significant amount of fanservice in it. Chances are, if you think the men are "too cringy", "too weird," or "too gay", this anime wasn't meant for you in the first place. It's a Josei, not a Seinen or a Shounen--its MEANT to be for women, many times by women, and has featured interactions that resonate with women.. . With that said, 07-Ghost does have some major flaws that occasionally deducts from the overall enjoyment of the series, even with nostalgia sweetening the deal.. . Story: Solid 5/10. This is the rockiest part of the anime. You'd think that with 25 episodes ...
It's good, but not great. The animation style is very simple, but well drawn and very clean. There really isn't much for flashy animation, but things are very fluid throughout. The characters have some depth and bounce well off one another, but I really would have liked to see them more fleshed out and with more depth. The story is kind of simply, but well executed. Would have liked to see more twists, but overall it's decent. Pacing is solid, and doesn't drag things out like many other anime of this genre. Voice acting is decent, like actually decents not "okay for dubbed" decent. It ...
Simply the greatest cinematic masterpiece ever created! Full of emotions happy and sad. The ending is still one of the greatest ways to end a series. I highly recommend everyone to watch this show but only watch the second half of it when you are in the right mindset. I personally know of many people telling me they balled their eyes out.. . The art style still holds up pretty well for it being 10 years old. It is nothing to write home about but it does look very good for how old it is. It also has a lot of cool ways of going from the ...
I recently finished this donghua after leaving it on hold for over a year. And after finishing it I found that I put watching this show off for far too long!. . All Saints Street is a very cozy found family donghua. The demon king, Neil (Nini) decides to move from hell to the human world since he’s interested in the culture. After coming to the apartment that his friend, Ira, told him he could live in, he discovers that the two other people living there are also supernatural beings. Lynn, the angel, and Abu, the mummy. Later on Vladimir, the werewolf, and Lily, another angel, also ...
You are not immune to empathy.. . "The art of Rakugo is about creating empathy". . Descending Stories. The hook is the promise of a homage to an obscure artform. The content is a devastating character drama inflicted on all sides, throughout generations.. . Rakugo Shinjuu has always been fascinating. There's no clear connotations you can attach it to, no description or definition you can box it into. It's an everchanging, sprawling tale about life and humanity. Encapsulating a fragment of emotional complexity and spiritual dexterity within the decaying art form of Rakugo. It presents a poignant case study of the burden of love—be it for art, family, or friendship.. . Yotaru bring ...
Isekai without untimely death of protagonist who is in his 30's. He meets a powerful bird who teleports him between worlds. Pretty good story, but at few points I felt overloaded by the new characters and tropes. By the 8 episode, I strongly doubt how this magic stuff is possible to cover up by anime's universe logic. It is just wild how much there is of it.. . As the guy moves through worlds with motivation to improve his quality of life, number of named characters skyrocket pretty fast. I can't imagine watching this on weekly basis as there is just too many things to keep track ...
I knew I'd like this anime because I watched the Japanese TV series two times before. The story starts with Adachi, who remained a virgin until he turns 30, gaining magic powers and he's able to read minds through physical contact. He learns that his colleague Kurosawa has feelings for him. Adachi can't understand that someone like Kurosawa, who's loved by everyone and is good at everything, is interested in him.. . The characters are so likeable, it got me smiling all the time. The fantasies and jealousy Kurosawa has are so funny. Their relationship is healthy and there are not forceful behavior at all. The ...
I'm surprised i liked this anime, I'm not one to watch animes like this but a friend of mine said i should watch it so i did and i wasn't disappointed i really enjoyed the anime which is surprising to me i like the characters i loved the "underdog" story the "romance" it was a really enjoyable watch on top of that i absolutely love the OP track History Maker. now back onto the romance Victor is awesome and the dynamic between Yuri and Victor is really interesting. The animation and choreography is really good imo i found my self being extremely drawn in by ...
Suzume, directed by the renowned Makoto Shinkai, emerges as a visual masterpiece that dazzles the audience with its unparalleled animation. From the breathtaking landscapes to the intricately designed characters, every frame of the film is a testament to Shinkai's mastery of the craft, solidifying its position as a standout in the industry.. . Accompanied by a delightful soundtrack, the film's music adds another layer of charm and emotion to the narrative. Each song serves as a perfect complement to the unfolding story, enhancing the audience's connection to the characters and their experiences.. . Speaking of characters, Suzume presents a cast that is both captivating and endearing. From the titular ...
Girls' Last Tour is an emotional, surreal, post-apocalyptic slice of life story that is simultaneously ugly and beautiful, foreboding and peaceful at the same time. Two girls travel the barren earth, scrounging together just enough to survive in a world of cynical, concrete lifelessness and bizarre hints at the world which once was. Beginning with the story, it first must be said that it is definitely the strongest aspect of the anime. The premise is ironclad and tireless, with room for potentially infinite stories, self-contained arcs, or episodic one-off adventures, and this premise is executed with ease and charm from start to finish. The journey ...
If you are a person who is familiar with the politics of today's world and the politics of countries, you can fully comprehend and enjoy the events, minority opinions, institutions and double-dealing in this anime. If you are not, this anime might even get you into politics. Of course, today's politics and minorities are not in the anime, but the things you see in the anime definitely remind you of something you know.. . Anyway, let's move on to the "real" content of the anime; the events between the minority Neans (a kind of android/alien slave) and humans. In our anime universe, between Neans and humans; ...
Its the story of a degenerate slob who gets reincarnated in a medieval fantasy world with all his memories intact.. He decides to take this opportunity to become better than what he was in his previous life.. . The main character is a grown-up in a child’s body who’s learning how to be an adult, a man, and a warrior.. He may be intelligent and powerful but does get in over his head, and makes mistakes with consequences. But learns from them.. . The characters have depth to them and are not one-dimensional. They evolve beyond their first impression. A person may not be as mean as they seem. Another ...
One of the most hilarious anime I've ever seen. The story is about Souichi Negishi, a boy living in Tokyo and the leader of a heavy metal band called Detroit Metal City (DMC). The boy, in the group, plays Johaness Krauser II, a sort of demon who kills and rapes anyone. This character, however, clashes with Negishi's true personality, that is, a shy and kind boy, with a passion for pop music. Negishi will therefore have to try to live while maintaining a constant balance between his two lives. Needless to say, because of this, some totally crazy situations will be created. The dark humor ...
This was really fun to watch. I like hate to love romance. Interactions betwen FL and ML were funny.. . Also FL is strong, independent, capable of doing thing on her own (not some stupid crybaby). ML is manly, not naive,strong... i liked his character too.. . Some coments on ML are like.... he is practising abusive sexualized love behavior blah blah.... but i thing othervise cause FL is overal strong individual character whit a lot of pride, kind of tsundere and play hard to get so for me his behavior towards FL is maching to her type of personality.. . I am definitely looking towards 2nd season.
What I was expecting:. When they spoke about that Dragon relic, I thought it's Kaido's DF and the person who stole it causing terror from past 10y. We were told that Ryuma slayed a Dragon so I was very much excited thinking Ryuma saved Wano from a monstrous dragon similar to how Luffy and others did!!!. Is this what happens? watch it to find out!! I don't see any reason for a One Piece fan to skip this. . During the episode: (will contain spoiler from here on). [spoiler]. - I knew that dude was acting tooo good to be true, but didnt expect to see an actual dragon, thought ...
Really loving this so far, the extra work they've put into introducing the heroes and giving some nice side plots, along with the character development is in general really making this worth it for me. Tsukimichi is nothing groundbreaking, it's actually quite generic in a lot of ways, but you see, if you take something that has been done before and you do it *right*, it can still be a really solid story and Tsukimichi does just that.. . If you're not a fan of isekai of course, or of these kinds of fantasy worlds you may not find it that interesting, but if you are just ...
Mr. Vilians Day Off, a beautifully crafted anime released in , has undoubtedly left a lasting impression on its viewers. The 2024 version of this masterpiece brings forth an engaging storyline, captivating visuals, and a delightful mix of emotions that make it a must-watch for anime enthusiasts and casual viewers alike.. . The plot revolves around the titular character, Mr. Vilan, who decides to take a much-needed day off from his mundane life. As the story unfolds, we witness Mr. Vilan's journey of self-discovery and the impact he has on those around him. The anime effortlessly weaves a tale of friendship, love, and the importance of taking ...
So close to perfect!. . A Fargo-esque plot where apparently coincidental events turn out to be linked. A taciturn central character and a "funny-animal" setting with a murder-mystery in the middle.. . The structure makes it hard to be spoiler-free as the construction is mostly woven expertly together with such precision that almost anything could spoil something. But that "mostly" is where the 10 became a 9 - there is a continuity error in the story which bounces you out. It's obvious and it's unexplained, and it was unnecessary - the problem could have been solved very simply by having the scene in question take place somewhere else which ...
To be honest, I watched the first 3 episodes and I thought that this is a pretty boring anime, like total snooze-fest typa anime. I immediately dropped it 3 episodes in...but then again I saw my friend with a frieren sticker, and I suddenly remembered the anime. So, last week I binge-watched it and OH MY GOD. I really regretted dropping it in the first place lol. I love the storytelling and the supporting characters, and Frieren in general. I love the humanization of Frieren, they really showed her flaws and characteristics beautifully. Frieren, along with Maomao are my best girls for this year teehee ...
Master Keaton in my humble opinion is the best Episodic anime I've seen so far. Though I can admit it's not for everyone since this series requires you to have an understanding of contemporary history. The series touches subjects on the Cold War and many Geopolitical conflicts from the era.. The story follows Taichi Keaton, who is a veteran of the Falkland's War and a former SAS officer in the British Army. His combat training and survival skills help him land a job as an insurance investigator from a prestigious agency known as Loyd's of London. This line of work takes him in some ...
I never care to write reviews, but I can't believe that this show has zero reviews halfway through the cour and I mean to rectify that. The short of it is that Snack Basue is a unique gem which I strongly recommend people try the first few episodes of in spite of its low rating, especially if you're a fan of references, dialog-based comedy, and fourth-wall bulldozing.. . Describing Snack Basue is difficult; my first inclination is to compare it with similar shows, but shows similar to it are few and far between. Cromartie? Lucky Star? Bartender? It has bits and pieces of all of those, but ...
Mezzo DSA was so fun to watch. The story isn't crazy or mind blowing most of the time but when it does have a more serious story to tell it does so well. When not being serious it's giving entertaining characters moments and well done fight scenes. The characters was the best part for me. The way Mikura teases the two main guys never felt annoying or as if she hates them. Kurokawa did a great job at explaining the story without being boring and talked down to. Tomohisa to be honest he is just there, I like that he's there but he doesn't do ...
Hell's Paradise (Jikoguraku) very much has the facade of being your run of the mill Shonen "who's stronger" anime...but the fantastic soundtrack, instantly likeable characters and the main antagonist being an Island made for a fabstatic ride.. . Characters: The characters don't have much time to be fleshed out but somehow this story was able to give just enough time to each backstory without having to take much time at all!. . Story: Not very unique but really well done.. . Plenty of ah I saw that coming momwents did happen, but even those were well done!. . Highly reccomend this anime.. . I'm eagerly awaiting season 2.
Toaru Kagaku no Railgun is a series that means quite a lot to me, its a story that blends slice of life, action, a unique power system and an emotional narrative perfectly. Railgun is a spin off to the parent series Toaru Majutsu no Index that tells the story of Misaka Mikoto and her group of friends in academy city. This spin off in particular focuses on the science side of academy city unlike index which focuses on the magic side, Misaka being the focal point of the series and fan favorite among many is one of the biggest highlights of the show. We see ...
The rating of boruto is just exaggerated. The show is not bad. It has perfect blend of old and new characters. I was hesitant while watching this after seeing the hate on the internet. People follow the trend of hate. This show is just the level of Naruto classic iif you only see the manga eps. The storytelling is also great. You wil feel nostaligic if you are a naruto fan. ik fillers are a headache bc there is nothing seperating canon and fillers. You can only watch these eps and you will not miss anything and you will be saved from the fillers. ...
An emotional, love driven epic scifi/mecha story mixed with a little bit of environmentalism and anti-establishment counterculture about a 14 year old boy who lives under the shadow of his deceased father,a famous hero who sacrificed his life in a mysterious event to protect the world,he then meets a mysterious girl falls in love with her and joins an outlawed group of counterculture antigovernment sky surfing mecha pilots who are in war against the United Federation military to protect the planet,in there he gets involved in an epic journey involving a prophecy,a mysterious race of beings called the scub coral,a religious sect called vodarac ...
"My Dress-Up Darling" is a delightful exploration of creativity, passion, and the blossoming of a heartfelt romance that captivates audiences with its charm and authenticity. The series masterfully blends the worlds of cosplay and high school life, presenting a narrative that is both inspiring and deeply engaging.. . At the heart of "My Dress-Up Darling" is the relationship between the two main characters, Marin Kitagawa and Wakana Gojo. Marin, an outgoing and vibrant cosplayer, contrasts beautifully with Wakana, a reserved doll artisan with a hidden talent for sewing. The dynamic between them is nothing short of enchanting, as they find common ground in their respective crafts, fostering ...
7/10. It was good but at times i felt pretty meh, don't get me wrong i still really enjoyed it but season 1 really cemented it self as a really gritty gore action packed Viking Anime. With season 2 they took the narrative that Thorfinn has had enough with fighting and would rather use words like his Dad ones did, Now i do like this but i also think when you program a kid into a killing machine that aint gonna break and because of season 1 a lot of people had expected Thorfinn to still be some what of a monster, I do not have ...
THE INDOMITABLE HUMAN SPIRIT. . At first glance, Gurren Lagann seems like just another shounem, with giant robot fights, high-spirited messages and even ecchi... And in a way this doesn't change as the work progresses. .But he gets a lot right in what he wants to be a SHOUNEM.. Gurren Lagann is not an exceptional anime because it is out of the box or deviates from the shounem standard, no, it takes that and improves it to the maximum by being a completely uplifting anime and showing that it doesn't matter how small we are with determination and willpower we ...
Overall this was a pretty decent movie, but nothing overly spectacular. It is a pretty good parody of the Kaiju movie genre in a fairly comedic way. The side plot about the trucker-looking professor being a creep who is in love with his robot daughter's school teacher has a few good pay-offs, but mainly broke up the pacing of the main plot. Comedy is a bit generic and the plot is basic, but it is a kids' movie and and it ultimately serves its purpose as a parody. The movie was a bit hectic due to having kids as its target demographic, but the plot ...
The second season of Made in Abyss is unlike anything I've ever watched. Following on from the Fukaki Tamashii no Reimei movie, season 2 follows Riko, Reg and Nanachi as they enter the Sixth Layer, wherein the Golden City lies, complete with a dark history and complex social politics for our cast to discover.. . Overall, I would highly recommend this anime as there are many things I like, even love, about it. The art is beautiful as ever, with the new characters' designs being increasingly unique and intricate. The music is enchanting and adds to the drama and emotion of scenes and the pacing is great.. What's ...
Over a year late review but since I got Letterboxd I started actually getting into reviewing so I’m just gonna copy paste what I wrote on there 🥰. . “Watching this felt like being heard for the first time. The way the show portrays what it’s like to have social anxiety and over think all the time really hit especially close to home for me. How Bocchi/Hitori doesn’t want to be an introvert, she dreams of performing on a stage in front of a large crowd but at the same time can’t even say hello to people. Wanting to be noticed but then at the same time ...
I can't believe someone said the characters are underdeveloped after 3 episodes with one episode solely dedicated to showing the MC's lifestyle and character. Just a typical person who wants to try to go against the grain.... . Ninja Kamui is essentially the John Wick anime we all secretly wished for. It's a story of revenge emphasizing fight scenes, violence, and power. Adding in ninjas and cyberpunk themes gives it a fresh new spin on the revenge story.. . Similar to Cyberpunk Edgerunners, it's hard to really call this an "anime" as the only thing anime about it is the Japanese voice acting. This show was produced for Adult ...
An absolute masterpiece. The movie uses all the best that has been built in all the Eureka series so far and delivers premium quality animation and visual art. The cutoff point is Pocketful of Rainbow, if you liked the movie the Hi-Evolution series (2 and 3 in fact) will deliver a similar experience.. . Knowledge of everything past is required, including AO for full enjoyment, which is why the film is not easy to accept, but for anyone who is a true fan of Eureka Seven it was the best gift possible.. . Another side of Eureka is presented, a suffering adult, just like in the AO premise, but ...
My expectation was low starting the show. I was just trying a few relaxed Anime. But it was actually pretty good.. I feel like those who had too much expectation are the ones disappointed in the Anime.. You can't expect every anime to be the serious story type. Sometimes you need a refresher of some sort.. This Anime Started as a simple anime but soon as i got to know the charter's i liked it better.(Though some characters are annoying). But the ending doesn't leve you with any empty feelings. Only for 12 episode you get alot of enjoyment.. This isn't your like great Anime. But one that's pretty good.. So ...
My One-Hit Kill Sister is a fantastic anime series, based on a series of Japanese web novels in the isekai genre. The series has 12 episodes, which you can watch on Crunchyroll.. . The plot is hilarious and original. Asahi is a boy who finds himself in a fantasy world with his sister Maya, who loves him madly and protects him from every enemy with a single blow. The two join the adventurers' guild and live incredible adventures, meeting nice and charismatic characters.. . The series is a fantasy comedy with elements of action, harem and fan service. The tone is light and fun, but also exciting and dramatic. ...
Love the first line in the op being "And you don't seem to understand...". The first few episodes of this invoke that atmosphere of mystery and discovery that a lot of the best television series have. There is some genuine creepiness and unsettling scenes that sort of precede what made Kairo so effective; that of fading into a digital abyss, of being haunted by a signal seeking connection. The ambient hum of live current carrying disembodied voices suffusing the air.. . Lain presents 'the wired' through different lenses. The nature of online existence is intially arcane, an occult mystery that progresses through the series until it reaches a ...
Popful Mail as a reverse isekai? Goddamn this is cute, love the song, love the lively 90s Doramaga fantasy pastiche designs. Could see this being spun into some Ozanari Dungeon style OVA jam. Ahh, but it was not to be.. . Of course this was a music video so there's no dialogue but you just know Popful called the evil wizard the r-slur before she iced him.. . Falcom should have made one of these for Brandish, fuuuuuuck that would rule.. . This review needs more information? It's a 5 minute promo video, just watch it and make up your own mind. The game is a fun relic from a bygone ...
Demon Slayer is a classic example of shonen that somehow adds up to more than the sum of its parts. At every turn it provides you with a good reason to keep watching, even if those reasons are just that it's good fun.. . As a notorious Westerner, I view Shonen as analogous to an action/comedy series, especially because the crossover between those audiences is high. Demon Slayer does an excellent job of this by having stunning visuals and enjoyable action scenes, along with plenty of comedy as well. This obviously won't land for everyone, and if it doesn't work for you it probably won't get ...
Honestly, the movie was great, Haikyuu never fails to always get me at the edge of my seat, ISTG there is nothing like this show. I think the choice they made to base the first movie on Kenma's POV + executed the match like a real-time match causes it to flow more smoothly and not weird at all, the directing was amazing, also recommend for the manga readers as well and I think it was good to not look back at the manga before watching the movie, it's better to do so afterward. They will release the 4D version soon and I'll watch it again! ...
Psycho-Pass is an exhilarating psychological futuristic thriller that offers a unique story. It’s the ultimate cat-and-mouse chase, brutal and gripping at the same time.. . Even though it’s been a good while since I first saw it, I’m still stuck with a strong impression.. . The story brings up a lot of interesting dynamics and moral questions that really make you rethink a lot.. . The conflict in the story is exciting and gives off a similar vibe to Death Note.. . I will say that the ultimate “plot” point in the story is predictable, but there are multiple different mysteries that are fun to keep up with, making ...
Having binged all seasons and available episodes of Classroom of the Elite, I can safely say that this is one of the more entertaining mainstream light novel adaptations out there.. . Now don't get me wrong, Classroom of the Elite certainly has glaring problems. Namely the lack of development of some of its previously focused on side characters (Airi Sakura comes to mind), its sociopathic genius of an MC that stomps through almost all conflicts as if its an Ocean's 11 movie (the anime's structure brings that movie to mind... mind boggling things occur, we get a flashback and bam! Ayanokoji set it all up), and ...
what if ninja with modern technique and tools instead kunai or shiruken, or maybe a log teleport? this is what ninja kamui coming for, with modern technology and modern technique, main character wipe out all enemy with their ninja skills, even the causes of main character revenge is generic, but i love how the choreography fight in this anime is 'peak'.. . therefore the enemy is a big company that using ninja for their guard for expanding their technology while targeting the main character, higan must fight all enemy subordinates before fight the leader, this is what make this anime great, they will serve a ninja fight ...
First things first, If you don't know who the director of this anime is then I'll let you know.. His name is Sunghoo park, most notably known for directing the amazingly choreographed fight scenes in Jujutsu Kaisen among other stuff. So I decided to watch this with that in mind. This guy has so much raw talent, it's insane. He needs to be appreciated more.. . Now on to the review.. . Story : The first episode is one of the best premiere episodes I've seen in recent memory or even in the past year, It just throws everything all at you and hooks you in! I seriously was not ...
Not completely new to this type of genre, however it’s quite captivating and refreshing, I would put this in line with the top anime to come out in 2024. Similar to other isekai’s such as ReZero the main character Rishe is forced to relive her life and the consequences of her actions after each death in a time loop of reincarnation.. . What I find so compelling about this show is that first of all, it’s played by a female protagonist who has all the right characteristics of a strong independent female with desires and goals of her own that also play to her personality and ...
I grew up on this anime, i finished it at least 4 times but i could still rewatch it at any time.. . Since the main idea of the series is the fight for justice, it is perfect for small children because it teaches them to stand up against injustice. It also has a little romance-sideline so girls also can enjoy the story.. . But i wouldn't only recommend it for children. It's enjoyable for adults too, because of its historical reference and credible storylines.. . The episodes are mainly detached from eachother except for ep. 51 and ep. 52. The last two episodes are the dramatic peak of the ...
The first impression of this movie, not an anime, is it’s like watching a cinema at a theater. Detailed depictions of persons and surroundings including the background are realistic at an appropriate level, and especially the descriptive pictures in the motions are outstanding. The action scenes appear like those captured by the high-speed cameras surrounding the characters in the fight. As a consequence, these scenes deliver the fighting energy to the audiences. It is hard to depict the fighting energy in the motion pictures, and there are rare shows delivering the fighting energy.. . The second impression is its speedy pace in storytelling, including places of the ...
Definitely the most overwhelmed I've been in a movie. It's so creative, the editing is top notch, it's the most mind-bending thing I've ever seen, the score and sound design is great and it uses animation so thoroughly and wildly that there is no way I wouldn't love it. But maybe it was too confusing. I found myself trying to figure out what was going on a bit too much where I couldn't get invested in the characters. It felt more like a fun puzzle than a story. I wasn't emotionally invested in the slightest and I'm not really sure what the movie was trying ...
It might not be for everyone, especially if your reason watch anime is to follow the newest high tech, action packed series. But it's certainly enjoyable and here's why..... . Faraway Paladin follows the day to day life of Will. From training, to daily struggles, to adventures and how his world is shaped. It's more of an adventurer's slice-of-life than a questing anime. Kind of like reading his diary instead of reading or hearing about all of his feats. It's focused on the characters and their daily struggles in life rather than the fights for their lives (though they are obviously included). It gives a simpler vibe ...
I was definitively not prepared for Frieren.. It is hard to review it, because it stirs so many feeling within me. It is not difficult to understand why people love it so much.. I lost my father about 3 years ago. Every time I see my mother, she is getting older and older. This anime encapsulates all those feeling, mixed with discovering the joy of living, in a single place.. It is bitter, it is sweet, it is painful and it is joyful. It made me cry, but with a smile on my face.. After the journey ends a new adventure begins, that connects the past and the future.. You ...
This is one of those anime when I'm bored enough with other anime, I usually re-watch this anime.. . Still as entertaining as ever!. . The character designs are beautiful, cute, this makes me really enjoy watching.. The storyline is quite interesting, especially when the Narrator has to read the Choices while laughing a little, and I laughed too when I heard it, MC and other friends did a lot of silly things because of this choice.. . For character Yukihara, I quite like him, has a Tsundere nature and sometimes displays a hidden cute figure.. . But unfortunately this anime is still not completely finished, there are still many mysteries that have ...
The Synopsis is very... weird:. Why does the school need students to do this "Marriage Practical"? Why do they need to stay together? in the same room? not with their family? Why is this course even mandatory? not optional? Nobody knows. The couple ranking is weird, everything is weird, the system doesn't make sense. However, if you can get past this weird premise (or ignore it), this anime is not bad. After all, it's just fiction, we watch anime to have fun anyway (not nitpicking).. . The overall story is fun, but not new:. It's a fake relationship or pretended couple (just like Nisekoi) category of "we're only fake ...
In my opinion, this is the best Mecha anime of all time, not only about robots, but romance, action, and some very good plot twists.. . I've been watching this anime for quite a long time, around 2017 until now 2024, I've re-watched this anime about 4 or 5 times or maybe more, I don't remember much about it, but what is clear, a good anime is an anime that will never make you bored when watching it repeatedly, in contrast to a bad anime, which only works on one viewing, and not a second time.. . This anime has a quite interesting story, about the technological differences between ...
Otaku Elf is a genuinely beautiful slice of life, with an endearing and tireless premise, which ends up being more of a fun little history lesson about Edo-era Japan than a love letter to otaku culture by about a quarter of the way through. Beginning with the story, it is founded on a rock-solid concept- a Shinto shrine in a particular spot in Tokyo is dedicated to its resident elf, summoned in the Edo period, who has always been a bit of a shut-in, but has long since become a hardcore otaku as well. It unfolds in a decidedly episodic manner, a lot of the ...
I originally started watching the very first series from 1979 back when I was in High School and was quite an enjoyment. You can clearly see in a way how life was like back in the 70s and Mobile Suit Gundam portrays the people’s perspective and outlook of the future with its flying cars, giant robots and Space Battle Ships.. This trilogy does a great job in condensing the story line with a very decent pace. This second movie does an even better job in following this military drama.. Though it was intended for children the plot touches on deep subjects such as the death ...
I don't usually write reviews, but for Demon Prince of Momochi House, I had to put in my thoughts because this anime desperately needs positive reviews and I need to discuss why this anime really doesn't deserve all the hate and negativity.. . I read the manga after I heard about the anime announcement back in 2023, I read all 14 volumes and overall I loved it, so my thoughts on this show are based on my perspective as a manga reader. However, for manga readers there is an important distinction to the anime and what I think is its weakest aspect- the anime is not ...
The anime is a 2/10, it makes me laugh that is literally the only reason. Honestly, I cannot vouch you will enjoy this OVA if you dont like to laugh at horrible animation and bad jokes + the insanly bad fighting scenes. All JOKES ASIDE (lol) The anime is the pure definition of laughable the end credits state how many people worked on this work of art.. . However, it is so bad I was cracking up how all the diffrent departments yet no one said "wait, this OVA we are creating looking shit". Well oh well who care is what they probably thought. Overall, character ...
If you were enticed by such words and sentences in the synopsis (lol) go ahead and watch this anime. The animation is quite good for 2003-2004 and will not Wow you, but satify you. The characters are "FAT TITY ANIME GIRLS + Butt" who's autonomy exceeds standards of the female human body. World Development is quite good just events going fast but what do you expect in an OVA with 2 episodes.. . Fine Show, I AM A HARSH Reviewer as of recent and can say for certain Eiken is a solid 6/10 (fine). I believe you may enjoy this series as it has big tits and ...
If I had to pick one way to describe this anime it would be that it grows on you. This is evidenced by how I really didn’t much care for Hidamari Sketch after first finishing it, but for reasons I’m still trying to articulate it continued to bounce around in my head even after I had completed all the episodes, a state that has persisted in my brain until now, about 2 years after first watching, where I would now easily place it in my top 5. I could forward many arguments as to why it has grown on me so much – perhaps it’s ...
I never would've thought a show like this would get the high volume of viewership it got. I guess that shows how powerful and influential the streaming algorithms are on what ends up getting watched by the masses.. . I believe I read the entire manga before I started watching the show. The manga quickly became one of my all-time favorites. The drawings are wonderful and the story is tight-paced and emotionally gripping. I eventually checked out the anime once i heard all the acclaim it was getting, and I was not disappointed. The show did a great job adapting the most important aspects of the ...
Demon and Angel romantic comedy. The gag comedy is pure gold and animation paid off really. Literally they try to make them fall for each other (won't give the spoiler) which shows `Love is war` now love is war fandom crying about this anime I don't know the reason why but this is completely different than you think it actually is. The plot is what made me get hold on this series with the cute moments of our tenshi and akuma falling for each other. No childhood friend involved for now which is an eyesore to all romantic comedy genre giving love triangle. The story ...
When you combine an old school samurai revenge story, the companionship between the two main characters in the same vein as Sword of the Stranger or Lone Wolf and Cub, and add supernatural elements, you are going to have a compelling show on your hands.. . Although the quality of the show has its highs and lows, this is an easy recommendation from me.. . The first half of this show was very close to a 10/10 show for me. The plight of the main character was immediately gripping and you were rooting for him to not only get revenge on the despicable villains, but also to get his ...
I wholeheartedly recommend this anime, unlike other comments I have seen I genuinely found each and every episode interesting - even when it didn't have to do with the main protagonists. The situations the characters find themselves in are what fueled that interest in me. This is why I think that you shouldn't worry too much about other people's opinions when deciding whether to watch this anime or not, if you find the plot interesting go ahead and watch it. Some people will say it leaves a lot of questions unanswered and I am honestly fine with that, this anime is like seeing through a ...
The world has given up on him before he was born.. . He was sacrificed for the sake of “common good”.. . It had been determined that, for the happiness of the living, he must die.. . But he lived. He kept on living. It was his will to live, and it was his will to defy his family, his people, his country.. . Because he can. No one can make that decision for him. Not his family, not his people, not his country, not demons, not God.. . ...
Astoundingly beautiful anime.. . The story is about love, and it successfully depicted profound love across time between the two lovely characters. I really envy their relationship.. . Animation quality is amazing. Great art style. Good music.. . Plot is fine although I have a few questions unanswered by the anime. I find the overall concept novel and the story unique. I have no problem with the pacing either. Overall I don’t see flaws.. . The characters are well designed. Each protagonist is special in a way, yet doesn’t feel unrealistic. The boy does not seem to hide that he’s attracted to the girl, yet his melancholy gives him this calm ...
First things first: there is no need to watch both this and the movie, and if you're going to watch one of them I would choose this. It has some expanded scenes, and the opening and endings are nice as well. That being said, you could definitely watch the movie if you wanted and not lose anything.. . Mugen Train arc is a very short arc of only 7 episodes that frankly does very little to advance the plot. Some enemies and allies appear, some are defeated and some survive, it's hard to pinpoint any momentous shift in the narrative because there isn't one. What this arc ...
Never thought a sports anime could give me so much emotion in just 11 episodes. I'm not afraid to say that despite its rather offbeat style, it's actually a fantastic show even if you're not into ping pong!. . The context of this anime is quite simplistic. The main character with glasses called Makoto Tsukimoto a.k.a "Smile" with his best friend Yutaka Hoshino a.k.a "Peco" have been ping pong players since childhood. Unlike Peco, who devotes all his energy to this sport, Smile only plays for fun and shows his disinterest in making a career out of it. In their adventures, these two protagonists will face extremely ...
We are talking about the first season here, totally there is nothing I expected from this anime in the first place but did not expect that I would be egger to season 2 in the 3rd episode, it will make you relate to real-life otaku, and extrovert girls. highly recommended but if you wanna have more mystery about the anime do not search for anything about it cause it will just set your expectation and you will be shocked that they made it even more perfect.. . Most unique plot twist of this anime you cold not even predict what would happen to the next episode also ...
Symphogear is one of the better anime I've watched, though I wouldn't say that's because it is a necessarily well-made anime. It certainly has its highs, but it also carries with it a variety of lows... that said, I don't think they actually harm the show that much. It's not the kind of anime you turn on for an overly complex or deep plot, though I can see why people who are searching for that would be disappointed.. . The first episode hits like a truck, with a dramatic opening and a much darker-than-expected first half. The energy starts to calm down by episodes 2 and 3, ...
I'm usually terrible with writing reviews, but I feel so deeply for this series right now. At first, I was very confused with the first episode, wondering why we were beginning with "the end," and expected it to be another silly fantasy series. I'm glad I was wrong, especially because the first few episodes were such wonderfully written. Human lives are so strange. It seems silly but this anime has got me reflecting! As humans, our life is the only one we got and we get evel in everything we can experience throughout it. But in the grand scheme of things, human existence is so ...
It's quite rare for me to leave a review for anime. (My first time I think) This show is almost similar to isekai shows but I think this will have an interesting storyline. The characters were interesting and enjoyable to watch.. The art style is great and the animation is well made.. This show has been great so far, the story is great and I don't feel bored out when watching it.. Definitely would recommend this show to someone who likes adventuring type anime. It's quite typical but the fact that the MC is an undead is really interesting.. Looking forward to see the story progression.
For me, this anime was a good 9/10. A truly interesting concept that piqued my interest in what would happen next. A big thank you to the designers for creating it. This is one of the animes that I wanted to watch right after seeing the trailer; it's been on my list for a long time, and I'm so glad I got to watch it and find it in the first place. Speaking about the characters, I quickly became attached to them and shed tears as the story progressed, and the animation was excellent. For those of you who are hiking to find anything to ...
Odd Taxi, the first masterpiece I watched after taking a long break from watching anime. The culmination of all the story threads, climaxes, and twists left me in awe; in my opinion, it's a perfect anime that aligns perfectly with my taste.. . By the way, one thing I really like about Odd Taxi is its storytelling style reminiscent of Ryohgo Narita (Durarara). The foreshadowing and the characters, both main and supporting, are brilliantly utilized and interconnected, even across different times and spaces, leading to a culmination of events and thematic elements as the climax. However, unlike Narita's style where all characters are eccentric and non-relatable, ...
Honestly, to hell with most people here having already read the novel or the manga. Of course, the anime is a separate entity. point.. . About the anime, whether you like the genre or not, you can't help but notice that the season is being extremely well animated. Every episode has a very well defined introduction, development and conclusion. They all have cinematic elements in terms of well-constructed plot twists and more.. . I can say in these years as a 'virjola' of animes, 'You Jitsu' is one of the few animes that is capable of pleasing all the large audiences of Japanese animations. I hope the season continues ...
The third season is a satisfying conclusion to the series, as it wraps up the main plot threads and characters arcs that have been built up since the first season. The animation and music are consistent with the previous seasons, and the voice acting is superb, especially from the main trio. The comedy is still present, but the focus is more on the drama and romance, as the characters face their final challenges and make their choices.. . The highlight of the season is the development of Hachiman, who has grown from a self-proclaimed loner to a leader and a friend. His interactions with Yukino and Yui ...
Tomozaki returns for a second season! This has been about 3 years if not mistaken. This series certainly grows on you. It is slow and can be at times too caught up in the machinations of social interactions between high schoolers but that is also the fun in that. Pretty straight forward. It does show how social hierarchy and social interactions work in a typical Japanese co-ed high school. All the usual drama and going-on.. . The series is a bit more hard-edged at times with the bullying case and such. It deals with it pretty well and can be a bit too harsh aw well. ...
The thing about The Great Pretender is it never takes itself seriously. The formula they have in having these twist and turn of events that conveniently line up to showcase these character development works a charm (even if its ridiculous). The music is a recipe of setting up success in giving those moments in the series its playful, sentimental and thoughtful moments. I really can't fault their use of the OST time and time again, and some of the new tracks for this ONA is just *chef kiss. Look I got baited into this series, and ironically it is about scams and everyone trying to outwit each ...
This is the first time i am writing a review and sousou no frieren is the only reason for it.. This anime is everything, music, animation, comedy, fantasy, adventure, romance, comedy, slice of life, action, drama, magic etc etc.. Its so beautifully made man. The animators absolutely knew when and what music should be played to give that vibe to every damn scene which hits. Its not action packed, the writer knew when its the high time to give an action scene. Everything about this gives the vibe of a 'real' adventure.. I absolutely loved every damn character, specially frieren. Their growth over months and years ...
Shigatsu is a very special anime to me, so much so that it will be difficult for me to review this anime without being extremely biased. I've watched this masterpiece 10 times already, and I'll watch it many more times!. . At first glance, Shigatsu seems like a simple romantic comedy, with a palette of cheerful and vibrant colors, starting in a beautiful spring, exuding youth and conveying to us in a genuine and artistic way that it will be a story full of beautiful moments, and indeed it is. Even with characters who are 14 years old, we notice an incredible maturity in how the themes ...
If you like One Punch Man, i really recommended you guys this anime. I very very and very recommended you guys to watching this anime. Why? Because this vibes of Sokushi Cheat (Instant Death) is same like One Punch Man. Can one hit and the MC is overpower. I want to tell you something about that this anime isn't trash like you guys say. The really trash anime is Isekai de Cheat and Isekai Cheat Magician not for Sokushi Cheat (Instant Death). Don't be stupid to spam score anime. I know you guys feel bored for this anime, but you must know right now that ...
This season was adorable. I'm not sure why I see so many haters in the reviews. Perhaps people forget enjoying anime isn't just a "love or hate" binary. Sometimes you can find a show just kind of good, or okay. I think season 4 of MHA is pretty good. The story is progressing, slowly but surely, and the action is always really epic and intense. We are introduced to new characters, and old characters get new life by having the spotlight put on them. If you're a fan of My Hero Academia in general, this season is pretty good.. . My main complaint about this show ...
Don't be fooled by its first 3 episodes, they are a necessary evil for the development of the protagonist.. . Its story is not too interesting and may seem generic since it has been seen in other romantic series (Popular girl, antisocial and lonely boy).. However, what makes it so unique and notable is the way in which the story unfolds and the development of the protagonists, experiencing first love and going through physical and emotional maturation.. . It's one of the few shows where the protagonists feel so alive and that's because of how well written they are. If you want to see a unique romance that makes you ...
Don't be fooled by its first 3 episodes, they are a necessary evil for the development of the protagonist.. . Its story is not too interesting and may seem generic since it has been seen in other romantic series (Popular girl, antisocial and lonely boy).. However, what makes it so unique and notable is the way in which the story unfolds and the development of the protagonists, experiencing first love and going through physical and emotional maturation.. . It's one of the few shows where the protagonists feel so alive and that's because of how well written they are. If you want to see a unique romance that makes you ...
This entirely CGI movie produced by Digital Frontier is everything that the TV show is not. It’s good. It’s so fucking good and cool, it’s difficult to believe they’re part of the same franchise.. . The premise is as simple as can be and gets established within the first 5 minutes. Once you die, you get transported to a mysterious room where a mysterious entity called Gantz plunges you head first into an infinite survival game. Armed with fancy sci-fi weapons and donning a black spandex bodysuit, you basically have to act as the Japanese Men in Black and kill hordes upon hordes of demons/aliens.. . The film gives ...
Hello people of MAL!. . This is my first review, so I would like to be very clear with my motive: be honest! What you will receive by watching Frieren is a comfortable, exquisitely animated, well-written and well-paced show. I have been watching it every Saturday that a new episode airs and it has always set the tone right for my weekend. This show has brought many emotions to me, and some that even seem a bit new and unique (I wonder what might trigger them in the future...).. . Like any show, it can't be for everyone, but definitely do not write it off based off of a ...
I've never written a review before but I felt like I really wanted to, since some guys are really angry at the anime for some reason, so bear with me.. If you don't want to read the whole review, just don't listen to the guys complaining about the extra scenes and the animation, since the animation is clearly top notch especially in the battle scenes.. . Animation: 8/10. Of course it's not the best like dbs broly, your name etc, but it's actually pretty good and we haven't even started yet. The animation is fluid enough and when the action starts they use impact frames and thick lines that ...
The people who are complaining about this anime just like to destroy good things for other people. It's an adorable slice of life/ romance amine. Not everything needs to be politically correct, insightful or educational.. Slice of life is exactly that, it's life. So a girl crushing over a guy is relatable and realistic. It's a cute story and we don't need a detailed back story about her overcoming diversity or teaching us an indepth course on sign language to enjoy. Let people enjoy the little things in life. If it's not for you, thats fine. But don't try to break it down by over ...
Yes! Yes! Yes! This is what the fuck I’m talking about! Yes! This is entertainment!. . Kouta Hirano has made many unsuccessful attempts at grabbing the attention of the mainstream audience. His first big hit was the Hellsing manga. Drifters is his new project. Warriors from all eras are summoned into this parallel world to fight. You get to see characters such as Oda Nobunaga (of course, wouldn’t be an anime with historical characters without good ol’ Nobu), Hannibal Barca, Butch Cassidy, Scipio Africanus, Joan of Arc (again, of course), Grigori Rasputin, and many others.. . I cannot describe how much fun this series is. It’s an action-packed thriller ...
This anime is a must watch for all ages. It is absolutely life changing. I went into this anime as a joke, it was cute, clearly for kids, I thought I was just going to be watching this in the background. I was dead wrong. The cuteness is absolutely a factor, but the show made me feel for the molcars. I was stressed, I almost cried, which is an amazing feat for a show who’s episodes are less than 3 minutes. No words are spoken, and yet the emotion reads on the molcars like black text on a white page. The stylistic choices are funny ...
A very well written and nicely paced anime. Made in China.. . There is alot of talking and it might turn some people off, which is understandable. But i found the conversations fascinating that i wasnt bored.. It takes its time without wasting your time.. . Its a story about metahumans who recently had their powers awakened. Think of them like mutants from X-Men.. There is a secret organization that monitors, and trains these metahumans. They also capture rogue metahumans who cause trouble.. . The main character Lu Shu starts off on a low level. But by secretly feeding off of people's negative emotions he gets stronger and surpasses everyone.. . He ...
wow..after 4 years great pretender has finally come back!!. I was so excited when I found out that Great pretender was getting an ONA and here we are!. . here's a quick refresher, so as we all know; the story follows a group of con artists who have exciting adventures around the world, we got to see Dorothy way more on screen and I think whats really cool is that the name for this ONA is "Great Pretender: Razbliuto" which shortly refers to "a nostalgic feeling of someone you used to love" this showed a huge hint between the relationship between Dorothy and Laurent.. . my favorite part about this ...
Gosick is must watch for all mystery and detective genre lovers.. . Although Gosick isn’t outright detective story it has a lot of similarities which I appreciated as you average detective stories enjoyer. It’s very rare to find anime which can unite so many aspects and do it in good quality. Do you enjoy romance, mystery, historical setting or maybe comedy? There is plenty of all these elements. Often detective stories rely on one or two main narratives which are repeated on and on for even more like one hundred episodes and you can get bored over time. Thing is Gosick is not your typical detective ...
Imagine you worked hard all day long and at the end of the day you want to watch something refreshing, wholesome, and slow-paced anime. This anime is the one for you. This anime has 0% action, 0% adventure, and doesn't have a lot of plot either, but it has 200% wholesomeness. This is one of the most wholesome animes out there. This anime is not for your average Jujutsu Kaisen, Classroom of the Elite, or Attack on Titan enjoyers. This is for the ones who just want some pure wholesomeness. This anime is really good for uplifting your mood. Looking forward to season 2. Thanks ...
The Classroom of The Elite Season 2 is here and boy, what a blast. This season goes on so quick. The story line is more tight and the action pace is (almost) relentless. Somehow it still feels a bit meh at times.. . We do get more characters development and they can be crucial to the viewers understanding the characters more. Plus their role in the scheme of things. Ayanokoji and Horikita continues their hot and cold type relationship in the classroom trying to survive the brutal exams and expulsion system of the school. Wil lthey both stay till the end? Surely they do.. . Looking forward to Season ...
The Classroom of The Elite is the most Machiavellian anime that I have encounter so far. This is way better than any political intrigues of the palaces, Isekai world and the real world be it office or politics.. . It has no right to be this good but it is. The pace is well done with the suspense and intrigues moving the story line just enough to keep its viewers engaged/enthralled. This is just the first season but it seems that there would be more then just one season. Let's hope it is right.. . Ayanokoji may prove to be the most shrewd person in the whole school ...
Ishura is a gem as a dark fantasy for those who appreciate deep storytelling, complex characters, and a world that's as thought-provoking as it is visually captivating. Merging drama, revenge shounen, battle royale, and isekai elements, it crafts a unique blend that defies genre conventions, where in my opinion sometimes feels like mature Fate/Zero and anime Game of Thrones with complex politics.. . Eight episodes in, Ishura is unfolding a rich option of themes like revenge, power, and self-discovery while taking brave and decisive steps to explore these narratives thoroughly. This multifaceted storytelling experience promises to captivate viewers who enjoy a show that meticulously takes its ...
Everything felt too convenient and I didn't mind that, but the ending was particularly so, almost like an incomplete movie. The buildup was fine, and the themes involved were pretty interesting. I mean, who doesn't love a movie about syndicate crimelords? However, the ending just felt like everything got resolved with no explanation and barely any hints whatsoever apart from appearances of characters from the first season. Usually there's this big reveal, but it was absent in this, very uncharacteristic.. . Comedy was decent. Some parts of the movie were funny, at least for me. Seeing them squeal at getting a feet massage was very ...
So far, this season has been an excellent addition to the Urusei Yatsura series. The animation quality was slightly worse than in the first season, but when good animation was needed to elevate certain scenes, they delivered. One thing I like about this season is that they gave a lot more tender moments between Ataru and Lum, with the abundance of funny moments, there are times that you'll forget that you're watching a fundamentally romantic anime. This season at least reminds you of that.. . MAISONdes delivered once again with this season, the opening and ending is excellent. The tracks used in some of the scenes were ...
Classroom of the Elite Season 3. . The most Machiavellian anime has returned for the third season. So expect more of the same then from the last two seasons. Time flies and when the anime is this good, it is just hard waiting for the next chapter.. . The last season just went like that and it is not moving the story line much in my opinion. Third season may we see more movement with the class C that has been promoted from D. We may seen the same characters remain throughout the series despite the hate/love that they will get.. . The song OP and ED still done ...
Hundreds of anime in my pocket, and never have I seen one more underrated than this. This is my first ever review I will keep it very short and sweet. First off, if you like me were worried the story would be confusing or not make sense all i can say is at least for me the entire story made perfect sense and never felt confusing. Every element is written to make sense and I was surprised at how coherent it all was because i had seen so many reviews saying it was confusing. If you are someone who pays attention don't let the reviews ...
"Onmyouji" offers a mesmerizing blend of historical fantasy and profound character-driven storytelling, set against the backdrop of ancient Japan. The series follows the enigmatic onmyouji, Abe no Seimei, whose wounded past and reluctance to trust others are gradually unraveled through his unlikely friendship with the straightforward court noble, Minamoto no Hiromasa.. . At its core, "Onmyouji" delves into the complexities of relationships, trust, and the healing power of friendship. Through the evolving dynamic between Abe no Seimei and Minamoto, the anime explores the depths of inner conflict and the transformative journey towards opening one's heart to others. Minamoto's gift of music serves as a poignant catalyst for ...
"Kiba" is a captivating anime that delves into the timeless theme of seeking one's future, set in a world brimming with enchanting spirits and mesmerizing adventures. At the core of the series lies the concept of Key Spirits, mystical entities bound within shards, which served as a profound source of inspiration for my own creative endeavors.. . The allure of "Kiba" lies not only in its fantastical elements but also in its exploration of profound themes such as the nature of freedom and the importance of companionship. The presence of the Key Spirits, companions to humans who safeguard them, adds depth and intrigue to the storyline, reminiscent ...
The second season of "Da Wang Rao Ming" picks up where the first left off, continuing the hilarious adventures of Shu Lu and his adoptive sister, Xiaoyu Lu. As Shu Lu's cultivation journey progresses, he begins to trust his teacher more while uncovering Xiaoyu Lu's childhood traumas, deepening their bond as siblings.. . True to form, Shu Lu remains the master of inadvertently ruffling feathers, this time drawing the ire of wealthy elites who underestimate him due to his humble background. His refusal to conform to societal expectations and prioritize his and Xiaoyu Lu's well-being over accolades solidifies his status as a refreshingly unconventional protagonist.. . The tone of ...
"Da Wang Rao Ming" delivers a hilarious and refreshing take on the cultivation genre, centered around the unlikely hero, Shu Lu, and his adoptive sister, Xiaoyu Lu. When Shu Lu's latent cultivation powers awaken after a car accident, he finds himself in a world where cultivators are viewed with suspicion by the government. Determined to keep his abilities hidden, Shu Lu's powers thrive on the negative emotions of those around him, leading to some outrageously funny situations as he inadvertently becomes a master at pushing people's buttons.. . What sets "Da Wang Rao Ming" apart is its ingenious twist on the source of the protagonist's powers—Shu Lu's ...
This is a well put-together series of 3min shorts, each showcasing a different song from the television anime’s soundtrack. The visuals paired with each track consist of a range of themes, perhaps a third being out of context clips from the anime (dialogue removed but SFX retained), and the remainder fully original animated music videos. Among these are several using unique animation styles or artwork that border on the abstract, which at least in my opinion gives this viewing value outside of being purely peripheral content for the franchise.. . For fans of the franchise this can be nice additional content (as well as fanservice for the ...
My Teen Romantic Comedy SNAFU is a refreshing take on the high school comedy genre, featuring a cynical and sarcastic protagonist who is forced to join a club that helps other students with their problems. The show subverts many clichés and tropes of the typical romantic comedy, and instead offers a realistic and nuanced portrayal of human relationships and social dynamics. The characters are well-developed and complex, each with their own flaws and motivations. The dialogue is witty and sharp, often containing humorous observations and insights on life and society. The animation is crisp and consistent, and the voice acting is superb, especially from the ...
I stumbled upon this randomly and got lucky because....hear me out, this is such a masterpiece considering this genre's evident flaws with recurring portrayal of non consentual themes. This is ROMANCE. You will forget this is BL for a moment and fall in love with the two MCs. . For 2007, the makers really got into this. Amazing story by Nitta Youka, and ED track from Morikawa Toshiyuki just hit the mark.. . I just hope this gets more attention and more people discover this hidden gem of a period BL thriller.. PS: This will leave an emotional imprint on you for a long time so stay strong!
Is the story unique? tbh not it's just how it is, i mean slice of life genre doesnt really have border to say it unique right? as long as u can found it in another person life than that count as slice of life.. . How about art? the art for this anime is really really good, i'll edit it and make some fotage from it. the art is very aesthetic, and instagramable. did it fit with the story? of course it fit. if there's slice of life movie without comedy genre or deep story in it, surely they need to make the art in this level ...
This is an anime for everyone. Great animation. Decently funny. Likable characters. Decent voice acting. A neat world. And good pacing. This is some of the best animation I've seen from a studio. Some of these scenes are not something that most other studios have shown themselves able to do. BUG FILMS, please make more anime. Not only is there a lot of flash, but also a really good amount of detail. The CG is a little unfortunate, but understandable give the number of "characters" on screen at any given time. It's not over used though, and there are at the very least more than ...
This is not an anime, it's an animated sci-fi show. It does not conform to typical anime tropes and exposition is sparse and almost non-existent the first episodes, you need to pay attention to designs, environments and conversations to piece it all together.. . Metallic Rouge's universe seems well built with a lot of coherence and internal logic that's not broken so far (something very rare in anime, typically protagonists break all rules). Sure the protagonist here is "special" but far from unique. She's as unique as the F-22 Raptor compared to a measly Cessna two seater, and that's as spoiler-y as I'll get.. . This show does ...
I will never make anything as effortlessly surreal as Wonder Egg Priority. The script crams so many bizarre and captivating things in at every moment that it's a miracle it makes sense at all. But it not only is it coherent, it flows with a weird intuitive logic. It makes a ton of sense, believe it or not. I feel a lot of people see surrealism and feel like someone is trying to outsmart them. They see surrealism as a challenge, the creators telling the audience "this is deep, and if you disagree you are a stupid person". I don't think adding unreal elements to ...
Consistently one of the most overrated shows from day one. Tests are all either pointless or stupid. While each season we see couple of new tests they always somehow have the ability to negate previously accumulated results. This seems to be the narrative trick writers use to keep the drama and tension up but as a result it makes the whole thing completely pointless if you should you start thinking about it.. . The main story revolves around this special school which supposedly produces top notch students and highly capable people. But after watching this, and all the other seasons, you get to realize only skill valued ...
tl;dr: A solid start with an interesting premise and unique setting, but a major decline in writing quality as it progresses.. . Due to various economic circumstances, the nation of Patricia broke out into a Civil War. The north created fearsome beast like super soldiers known as Incarnates in order to win the war. However, after that the Incarnates returned to their homes still possessing their tremendous powers. Furthermore, they all seemed to be ticking time bombs destined to lose their humanity and go on rampages. As such, the government decided to eliminate all Incarnates.. . Hank, the former captain of the Incarnates and one of the most powerful, ...
To Love-Ru blends comedy, romance, and ecchi themes. Centered around a vivacious pink-haired alien girl, it initially may raise eyebrows, but within its vibrant universe lie captivating elements waiting to be discovered.. . The series maintains a playful tone, offering plenty of laughs and lighthearted moments. Its straightforward storytelling ensures easy engagement, making it a reliable choice for those seeking a break from reality without stirring controversy.. . The ensemble cast leaves a lasting impression, each character boasting their own distinct quirks. While character development isn't the primary focus, moments of growth and depth add richness to the narrative. Among them, Yui Kotegawa stands out for her compelling evolution.. . Visually, ...
Haruka Nogizaka's Secret tells the story of Haruka, a popular and admired girl, and Yuuto, a boy who uncovers her secret passion for otaku culture. Their friendship blossoms as Yuuto discovers Haruka's shy and hesitant side, contrasting her public persona. The anime blends humor, heartfelt moments, and romantic tension, with tastefully included ecchi elements.. . While the characters initially appear as typical high school archetypes, their backgrounds are explored in depth, enhancing their relatability. Though the animation and music are standard, the incorporation of otaku culture adds a unique dimension to the plot.. . In summary, Haruka Nogizaka's Secret offers an enjoyable experience with endearing characters and an engaging ...
You've probably seen the bunny costume. You may have seen the light novel covers. Perhaps some of the figurines.. . You might think this is going to be lewd, crude, and dirty.. . What you're going to get, however, is a rich supernatural romance. This show is not going to throw lewd fanservice at you. The bunny costume is just the hook to reel you in. It only appears maybe twice, and fairly briefly, and it's not even presented in a particularly sexual manner.. . Go ahead and let it reel you in. You're in for some of the best dialogue you'll find in an anime and it's going to play ...
I love this show. I love (almost) everything about it. OP protagonist? We have it. Intricate plot with an actual interesting isekai story? Yes. Does the isekai story go from great to perfect just because of the protagonist's sheer existence? Hell yeah. Amazing comedy? How many times am I going to have to say yes!?. . I do admit, though, that the weak points of the show are enough to bring it down from an absolute masterpiece of the isekai genre to just an amazingly enjoyable show. For example, the animation and fight choreography are subpar, which should not be a thing, since it is an ...
I really don't like slice of life anime for certain reasons i'm more of a battle shounen guy, but this show really pleased me.... STORY: the story is not special it is not something like Monster or AOT. simple but enjoyable is a term I use for the story of this show. the characters are one dimensional but they are funny but in the last two or three episodes I could predict what joke we gonna see or I could predict what a certain character wants to say. but with all said I think the author did a good job of giving a backstory to ...
I've probably watched more than fifty 90s-hentai OVAs now, and I have to say, this is the most unhinged and batshit crazy (so far). Also, it might be the most comedy-oriented one. Still, 40% of it consists of sex scenes, which somehow manage to be funny most of the time.. . There are countless references to Japanese culture, old anime, jokes and puns. You probably won't get most of them unless you are from Japan or just a hardcore otaku. This is obviously seldom pleasant, but personally, I still appreciate media specifically made for the JDM. This OVA was based on a H-PC-game, like many others from ...
When I opened this door onto the world of Spirited Away, I was pretty impressed by a few things, first of, the thing you see at the first sight, the animation, are you really telling me this piece of art is 20 years, old, well I am impressed, this was so beautiful the characters are full of personality and the world is very bizarre in many ways, I wont spoil much but its really an interesting universe to get in, I just dont really like Chihiro at certain moments it kinda felt like she was a bit away from reality but I only felt like ...
Knight's & Magic. If I had to describe the show with one word it would be: Competent. . The world-building is fundamentally a baseline on how to do a fantasy setting right, everything is correctly built up, we get more than enough info of both the world and the magic-system so it is fully logical, understandable and intriguing.. I made fun of the base premise*⁠, but it was an effective and necessary setup for the story to be told this way.. . The characters are really well done, all have their agencies, several of them have their own arcs, and even their own lives and thinking are completely logical and intelligent ...
NO SPOILER. . Lord, it ended, it finally ended! the long journey of my 7 years waiting for this anime to end, holy hell, this feels like a dream. My used to be favorite romance and my first romance anime i've discovered to be wholesome that is mature and full of context and out of placed jokes that is not even that funny but light that gives the show some light scene, also to mention that this show has its unnecessary fan service? hell yeah! Like what aki said its "fulfilling its otaku dream" as myself was a VN enjoyer, Manga enjoyer, and ofc, ...
("SHORT" SPOILER-FREE REVIEW). . Pluto is easily the best show I've seen from 2023 imo ofc. I read the Manga 5 years ago yet this still felt so fresh. After watching this I can easily say that this is vastly superior to the manga. It is the perfect adaptation. They conveyed the feeling and tone of original story perfectly while significantly enhancing the experience as an anime should. It is supposed to a revised version of Astro Boy while still being it's own thing. The story starts with the death of a world famous robot called Mont Blanc in the Swiss Alps. Robot scientists and influencers mysteriously ...
Beautifully animated and drawn, characters with engaging personalities, and most importantly, original. This is how I'd define "Oshi No Ko". However, it is important to mention that it is far, and I mean very far, from being an actual masterpiece.. . At first, when we are introduced to Amemiya, I was, well, skeptical. Even though his character seems too serious to be realistic, the author finds a way out of this by making him idolize an underage girl? But sure. Even though it seemed romantic at first, we learn that it is pure fanatism (which is better than wanting to date a teenager). Still kind of ...
If you are wondering on the likes of "Hey I am new to the Trigun franchise, I am late by 29 years, what should i watch?" One one hand you got the original 1998 anime, looks old, animation is a little shaggy and retro feel is always a hit or miss. On other hand, you got the new Trigun Stampede, studio Orange is doing the animation after all and the sound track is amazing. Well the sound track is amazing in 1998 as well but anyways, what should you watch?. If you want to save yourself the trouble of reading further, the answer is to ...
An entry in the “real robot” genre of anime, Bullbuster focuses on the members of the vermin extermination company known as Namikome Industries. The pests in question are mutated creatures known as “giant beasts” and Namikome utilizes super powered robots to handle extermination of the beasts in order to allow the residents of Ryugan Island to return to their home. However with the small scale of Namikome’s operations, they also have to be careful with business expenses as far as management of ammunition and maintenance of their robots go.. . I suppose I’ll just get the main thing with Bullbuster out of the way first in mentioning ...
My Teen Romantic Comedy SNAFU TOO! is the second season of the anime adaptation of the novel series by Wataru Watari. It continues the story of Hachiman Hikigaya, a cynical loner who is forced to join the Volunteer Service Club with the beautiful and cold Yukino Yukinoshita and the cheerful and friendly Yui Yuigahama. Together, they help other students with their problems, while also dealing with their own complicated feelings and relationships.. The second season improves on the first one in many aspects. The animation is more fluid and expressive, the music is more fitting and memorable, and the direction is more impactful and creative. The ...
Babylon is a political mystery thriller that centres on Zen Seizaki, a public prosecutor in the newly created Shiniki district near Tokyo. While investigating a pharmaceutical company for a defective drug, he stumbles upon a mysterious death that leads him to a deeper conspiracy involving mayoral elections and legislation to legalize suicide.. . Considering the premise, the anime is naturally dialogue-centric. What starts as a story focused on a corruption investigation in local elections unravels into a deeper philosophical tale about the meaning of life and death, the benefits and pitfalls of legalized suicide on society and civilization, and the age-old battle between good and evil.. . The anime ...
I will just write a review for the series as a whole here as I am too lazy to type out each individual review, it started a bit slow for me at the beginning but that's only because I didn't take the little league arc that serious, however when I got into season 2 and onwards, man it was such a ride.. . I just love Goro's growth not only as a baseball player but a person himself overcoming hardships throughout his career and ofcourse the same applies for Sato who is very similar to Goro. Overall my favourite season had to be season 2 as ...
Angel's Egg is a cult classic film from the mid 80s that is truly a case in its own league. What I mean by this is that the film is so avant garde, that even the director of the film doesn't really understand what the story and or the meaning of the movie is about.. . So the story is very simple. We follow this unknown girl who wakes up in a post-apocalyptic like world and she possesses and egg that she is very protective of. She sets off on a journey and meets this unknown boy who starts to tag along with her. That's about all ...
I loved Adachi to Shimamura and I heavily recommend this to anyone who likes similar anime such as yagate kimi ni naru but here are the things I think it did well and what I think it could’ve done better.. . This anime has great story telling where it shows you the perspective and inner monologues of both characters which is my favourite way for romance to be portrayed as it shows you what the relationship means to both people rather than just one.. . This anime is also very cute in its portrayal of the relationship with a kind Shinamura who has almost everything go over her head ...
As someone who's read the manhwa for Doctor Elise, I can confirm that the manhwa is extremely good. Definitely not your average isekai. Its actually quite educational and informative. Theres lots of character development and growth that progressively happens over the manhwa.. . Doctor Elise is definitely one of the more unique isekais, utilizing real medical knowledge and integrating that into the story. Give this a watch if you're into more educational shows while still maintaining a good level of fictional attributes. The characters are pretty great. Elise is such a girlboss and she only gets even better as the story progresses.. . Personally, I think the anime ...
Pretty good. A middle aged, very smart pharmaceutist and a research lab worker gets sent to a medieval fantasy world where he replaces the son of an archduke, who is also a brilliant medicine man. On top of it he gets OP magical powers. And yeah, his name is Farma Medicis. Very clever.... . There is quite a bit of drama in the first few episodes about his new found powers and knowledge and I really liked the realistic attitude of the people around him. Especially the father. The man is really likeable. Which will be a common theme as there is really only one bad person ...
I was out of animes to watch, since all I do after studying is watch animes and play games. I saw someone saying that this anime was getting a second season and I wondered why the hell something so low rated and possibly very, very bad was getting more episodes. The thing is, I started looking for hidden gems and underrated animes about a week ago, since I started getting tired of many hyped up animes that delivers nothing at all. Some of them are always so well rated and they are so bad that I was even scared of picking low rated animes on ...
As others have stated, Dog Signal is VERY underrated. The animation is nothing to write home about (in fact, it can get comically poor in many scenes); however, it's the overall story, well-researched information, emotionally-driven plot lines of the episodes, and 3 main characters that carry the anime.. . As a Malamute mama, former dog foster parent, and breeder, I can attest that the information packed into this anime is not only incredibly accurate, but very entertaining for dog lovers! There have been so many times I finished an episode feeling quite impressed at not only the anime's ability to get me emotionally invested in the ...
For some reason, I'm always attracted to stories about the aftermath of adventures.. . I don't think I've ever finished any Isekai before. Not a genre I'm attracted too, and much less one I'm willing to sit for hundreds of chapters when the premise itself isn't appealing. For one, I'm just glad to find one that's not much about the fantasy world, but about remembering the story that took place.. . Our titular uncle wakes up after 17 years in a coma after experiencing his otherworldly time. To our surprise, it didn't mean much to him, and any relationship he created in such a world can just sometimes bring ...
Shigofumi presents a unique fusion of genres that ensnares its audience with a captivating narrative. Centered around a young woman tasked with delivering letters from the departed to the living, the series delves into dark and unsettling realms while also providing moments of emotional catharsis. Despite its episodic nature, Shigofumi maintains a cohesive storyline that unfolds gradually with each installment.. . At its core, the show prioritizes character development, particularly focusing on the growth of its protagonist, Mika. The animation is skillfully executed, capturing the nuances of each character's personality through well-crafted designs. The soundtrack enhances the viewing experience, seamlessly blending into the background while also punctuating ...
Kurenai revolves around a mediator named Kurenai, tasked with resolving conflicts by his supervisor, Benika. Despite his adeptness at his job, Kurenai's serene demeanor conceals a cryptic past that occasionally resurfaces. While his world is stable, it lacks significant challenges.. . The status quo is disrupted when Benika assigns Kurenai the unexpected responsibility of caring for Murasaki, a spirited seven-year-old with a starkly contrasting personality. This decision leads to a captivating exploration of power dynamics within a traditional framework. The narrative is enriched by a delightful ensemble cast.. . At its heart, the series delves into the evolving bond between Kurenai and Murasaki, delving into themes of resilience and ...
It's rare to find shows like this maybe because future themes just dont blend well with the usual pacing of anime or how it makes you relate to the characters. With this work, I mostly felt satisfied in this world with its story. I wouldn't say this is on the same level as edge runners, but despite suffering from pacing problems, the anime eventually makes you like the MC and her side kick. You also get to experience a convincing moral dilemma brewing in the dystopian world, which some find generic, but fits well with the plot. I'm not going to criticize an anime that ...
My favorite anime of all time! It's got everything: It's funny, it has amazing fight scenes, stellar animation, serious moments, and heartfelt moments. The series also gets very deep and philosophical at times, focusing on themes of superiority and inferiority complexes.. . This series is about a boy named Shigeo (aka Mob) who has really strong psychic powers. Despite this, he doesn't see himself as "better" than average people, and tries to live a normal life. He works as a part time exorcist for a con man named Reigen, who exploits him for his powers. Reigen does not have any psychic powers but tries to fool ...
I was very hesitant to start Mushishi. The gray poster and gray episode covers made it seem like a boring anime. In fact, even when starting the anime the gray aesthetics carried over. All in all it seemed terrible boring.. . Thats when the first episode started. And that changed everything. The stories that this anime brings on the table are amazing! There are 26 episodes and each episode has its own story to tell. Ginko is the main character, and he is a Mushi-shi. Basically he is one of the very few people that can see Mushi, the life form between life and death, and ...
Violet Evergarden is an anime definitely worth watching. There were many enjoyable things about the anime from the story, to the world building, etc. There were also some flaws here and there but overall worth watching. Here is a summary of it:. . Story. The main character's name is the same as the title. The story starts out with her returning to normal society after being a soldier in a major war. She gets a job as a ghostwriter so she can understand emotions and empathy. Having been raised for the sole purpose of being soldier, she never understood those things. As she interprets the feelings of various ...
Please note that the manga is on hiatus due to health reasons and that might've affected the production of this anime.. . The series features a character duo that's hard to find - it subverts the "strong man, dainty women" trope and frames them as more "handler, agent" ("my dog doesn't bite even though they're looking at you with murder eyes") where Guideau is more than capable of breaking Ashaf into a million pieces :) A lot of the female characters can hold their own and there is little to no fanservice unless you count how pretty the leads are. I'd say this series is a ...
Kaguya-sama: Love is War - The First Kiss That Never Ends continues the saga of love, laughter, and rivalry with impeccable finesse, offering fans a delightful continuation of the beloved series. As a fervent admirer of Kaguya-sama: Love is War, this latest installment left me thoroughly impressed and eager for more.. . At its core, the movie thrives on its ability to balance romance, comedy, and character development with unparalleled precision. The series delves deeper into the intricacies of Kaguya Shinomiya and Miyuki Shirogane's relationship, exploring the challenges and triumphs of young love with sincerity and wit.. . The chemistry between Kaguya and Miyuki remains as electric as ever, ...
Kaguya-sama: Love is War - Ultra Romantic marks a triumphant continuation of the beloved series, delivering an enchanting blend of romance, comedy, and character development. As a dedicated fan of the franchise, I found myself captivated by the latest installment, which exceeded all expectations and solidified its place as one of my all-time favorites.. . The heart of the show lies in its exploration of the intricate dynamics between Kaguya Shinomiya, Miyuki Shirogane, and their eccentric circle of friends. The series skillfully navigates the complexities of love and friendship, weaving together a tapestry of heartfelt moments and laugh-out-loud comedy that keeps viewers thoroughly engaged from start to ...
Kaguya-sama: Love is War Season 2 elevates the art of romantic comedy to dazzling new heights, delivering a second season that is as charming and captivating as its predecessor. As a fervent fan of the series, Kaguya-sama: Love is War Season 2 earns top marks in every aspect, earning its place among the finest anime of its genre.. . From its engaging plotlines to its lovable characters, the show strikes a perfect balance between romance and comedy, weaving together a tapestry of heartwarming moments and hilarious antics. The series continues to follow the intricate dynamics between Kaguya Shinomiya and Miyuki Shirogane, whose battle of wits and hearts ...
Hormiya: Piece offers a compelling continuation of the beloved series, further delving into the intricacies of relationships and the beauty of self-discovery. As an ardent admirer of the original series, "Horimiya: Piece" succeeds in capturing the essence of its predecessor while adding new layers of depth and emotion.. . The heart of the anime lies in its exploration of romance and the evolution of its characters. The series masterfully portrays the complexities of love, friendship, and personal growth, inviting viewers on a journey of empathy and understanding. The chemistry between the characters is palpable, and their interactions are imbued with warmth, sincerity, and authenticity.. . One of the greatest ...
Inazuma Eleven stands tall as a timeless classic, a beacon of nostalgia and inspiration that continues to captivate audiences with its boundless energy and unwavering spirit. As a fervent admirer of this remarkable series, I can attest to its enduring appeal and unmatched brilliance in the realm of sports anime.. . From the moment I first laid eyes on this masterpiece I was entranced by its electrifying action, endearing characters, and heartfelt storytelling. The series effortlessly blends the thrill of soccer with elements of friendship, determination, and teamwork, creating a captivating narrative that resonates with viewers of all ages.. . As a child, I was drawn to the vibrant ...
Hunter x Hunter stands as a monumental anime series that transcends genres, captivating audiences with its rich world-building, intricate plotlines, and unforgettable characters. As a fan of immersive storytelling, I found myself deeply engrossed in the epic journey depicted in this anime.. . At the heart of the anime lies its captivating characters, each with their own motivations, strengths, and flaws. From the determined and kind-hearted Gon to the enigmatic and calculating Hisoka, the series boasts a diverse cast that adds depth and complexity to its narrative. The character development throughout the series is exceptional, as viewers witness the growth and evolution of each protagonist and antagonist ...
Ijiranaide, Nagatoro-san 2nd Attac" continues to charm audiences with its playful banter, heartfelt moments, and the endearing growth of its characters. As a viewer captivated by the dynamic between Nagatoro and Senpai, I found the second season to be a delightful continuation of their evolving relationship.. . The series delves deeper into the complexities of Nagatoro and Senpai's bond, exploring themes of friendship, self-discovery, and the nuances of adolescent emotions with sincerity and humor. The spirited banter and teasing that define their interactions remain a highlight of the show, offering lighthearted moments of comedy and camaraderie.. . One of the strengths of the anime lies in its character development. ...
Ijiranaide, Nagatoro-san Season 1 is a delightful exploration of the dynamics between Senpai and Nagatoro, offering a mix of playful teasing and heartfelt moments that captivate viewers from start to finish. As a fan of character-driven narratives, I found myself thoroughly entertained by the charming interactions and evolving relationship between the protagonists.. . The series revolves around the dynamic between Senpai, an introverted high school student, and Nagatoro, a spirited underclassman who takes pleasure in teasing him. Through their interactions, the show navigates themes of friendship, self-discovery, and the awkwardness of adolescence with humor and sincerity.. . One of the standout aspects of the series is its ability to ...
If you're wondering about the title of this movie then fear not because everything will make sense once you watch it.. This was such a Captivating, Charming and Uplifting movie and I honestly wasn't expecting it to be this good.. . Story : It deals with a girl who has a disability and cannot walk on her own and how her meeting with a young boy changed her life aswell as the boy's life and the girl's perceptions about life too. It's a really heartwarming and sad story but it has a happy ending and I won't spoil anything further for you because where's the fun in that? ...
Hige wo Soru. Soshite Joshikousei wo Hirou. offers a heartwarming exploration of human connections and the complexities of relationships, delivering a wholesome and touching narrative that resonates with viewers. As a fan of character-driven stories, I found myself drawn to the sincerity and depth of this anime.. . The series follows the unlikely bond between Yoshida, a working adult grappling with his own demons, and Sayu, a high school runaway seeking solace and refuge. Through their interactions, the show delicately navigates themes of loneliness, redemption, and the importance of human connection in a world fraught with uncertainty.. . One of the standout aspects of the anime is its ...
Kimi no Na wa. is an enchanting masterpiece that effortlessly weaves together elements of romance, fantasy, and drama to create a cinematic experience that resonates deeply with its audience. As a viewer enthralled by captivating storytelling, I found myself swept away by the beauty and emotion of this anime movie.. . From its breathtaking animation to its heartfelt narrative, the movie is a testament to the power of visual storytelling. The animation is nothing short of stunning, with each frame meticulously crafted to perfection. The attention to detail, vibrant colors, and fluid motion bring the world of the movie to life in a way that is both ...
Note: My reviews are always based on watching the entire season, ensuring a thorough perspective.. . The final season of "Fruits Basket" earns a heartfelt 10/10 from me, delivering a conclusion that's both emotionally rich and deeply satisfying. While "Kamisama Kiss" remains my top shoujo anime, this final season of "Fruits Basket" came incredibly close, captivating me with its detailed exploration of character relationships and wrapping up the story beautifully.. . Highlighting Its Excellence:. This season masterfully concludes the intertwined tales of the Soma family and Tohru Honda, providing closure to the complex emotional and romantic developments we've followed. The growth and resolutions of these characters are portrayed with such ...
I think what describes "In this corner of the world" best is: being in the eye of the storm. It is somewhat calm and relaxing, has many slice of life moments and the main protagonist Suzu tries to be happy and joyful despite her situation, but there is the anticipation of the worst, yet to come. There are many undertones in this movies and things unspoken, things that are only slightly hinted at, things that later forgotten, because it would be too cruel to be reminded of them, to be reminded what has been lost and what could have been. The movie reaches deep into ...
One of the most divisive series out there.. . Story 8/10. The story is great, the first few episodes being one of the strongest starts to a series. The main goal of the story seems to be the protagonist Rudeus trying to live a fulfilling life and better himself from what he used to be in his past life, which is a wonderful setup for a story. World building happens through Rudeus, either we learn along Rudeus or he tells us in his own words what he was able to figure out about the world. Great comedy but a lot is also passed as comedy even though it ...
In my preliminary review of season 1, I stated that I wasn’t sure whether The Dangers in My Heart successfully portrayed its characters sympathetically enough to root for them. By episode 4, I didn’t like either Kyoutarou or Anna and I didn’t think the intention of the show was clear. I greatly preferred other seasonal romances airing, and though I thought that the show had “the potential to be brilliant”, I had serious doubts whether it would meet this expectation. ( previous review: https://myanimelist.net/reviews.php?id=481768). . In line with its currently high MAL rating, I now think The Dangers in My Heart has made its intention clear and ...
It's actually a very unexpected anime for me. At first I thought it would be very boring and typical. The same characters, the same situations. But I was wrong. The functioning of our body cells, viruses and bacteria and the battles between them made this anime a good show to watch and relax. Sometimes you even forget that all the events are happening in someone's body that can actually be very vulnerable. By this I mean that the owner of the body is not important and for cells - person`s body is a home at first place which they have to secure and protect.. In the ...
(Context: this is my preliminary and follow up review, I deleted the original preliminary to post this final review after completion). . Rarely do I find the urge to review something but when I do, it’s generally either terrible or amazing. “Which is this one?” You ask. I wholeheartedly proclaim “Yes” to that question.. . This is so far the dark horse of this season for me. I have seen clips here and there before picking it up and I thought it was going to be bad. Despite my reservations, the first three episodes managed to suck me in.. . The terribleness comes from the sleaziness of the MC. However, ...
This anime is about a gamer boy who plays something that seems like Brawlhalla but with more complicated mechanics. My man never touched grass and has zero social life but is the best player in Japan. He is literally #1 on the leaderboards and is unbeatable. You disrespect him he won't give a s#!t, but if you disrespect his game, he will beat the s#!t out of you. Anyways, the person who is #2 on the leaderboards one day asked him for a meet-up and that person later turned out to be the heroine of his school, the most popular girl. Ah yes, looking at ...
I recommended this Anime for start your Anime Journey,this Anime story Is simple about Grandchild that have A power,and the Grandchild Is dind't want to use that power for evil things. . just that for the story i think Is just a mid story 7/10. . but i love the Animation and MC development. the Animation Is 9/10,if you like seeing Battle with Katana,like Samurai do and you like Japan folk Tales. . trust me this Anime Is for you. . so am i recommended it?. ...
Watched this way back then but just wanted to share a review regarding this anime/movie. Personal rating on this one is slightly higher than how it's supposed to be and the main reason is the music. Plot-wise is pretty debatable but the music is just masterpiece.. . Going back to the plot, I actually like the modern twist one and I initially anticipated for it to be like the classic "Beauty and the Beast" movie but besides the characters and the chase after the misunderstood beast. it's still a lot different from what was anticipated. The conflict lies with some parts of the movie where I find ...
REVIEW (for the 2 seasons): An anime with a very interesting proposal and story and a captivating villain.. What gets in the way a little is the 3D animation, which was still emerging as a new animation technique, causing some initial strangeness, but there is fluidity in the movement.. The characters and the story develop well, with development in the characters and deepening in the antagonists. Dealing with more serious matters, with a good Seinen. The action happens in a good measure, in a well-choreographed way and with several heavy scenes.. . ___________. . REVIEW (para as 2 temporadas): Um anime com uma premissa e uma história muito interessantes e com ...
REVIEW (for the 2 seasons): An anime with a very interesting proposal and story and a captivating villain.. What gets in the way a little is the 3D animation, which was still emerging as a new animation technique, causing some initial strangeness, but there is fluidity in the movement.. The characters and the story develop well, with development in the characters and deepening in the antagonists. Dealing with more serious matters, with a good Seinen. The action happens in a good measure, in a well-choreographed way and with several heavy scenes.. . ___________. . REVIEW (para as 2 temporadas): Um anime com uma premissa e uma história muito interessantes e com ...
Black Clover stands tall as a thrilling journey through a world of magic, friendship, and adventure. As a viewer enchanted by fantastical realms, I found myself immersed in the spellbinding narrative and dynamic characters of this anime.. . From its exhilarating battles to its heartfelt moments of camaraderie, the anime weaves a tapestry of excitement and emotion that keeps audiences hooked from start to finish. The series follows Asta and Yuno, two orphans with dreams of becoming the Wizard King, as they embark on a quest to prove their worth and protect their kingdom.. . What sets the show apart is its relentless energy and boundless creativity. The world-building ...
Title: Pluto. . Review: Must-Watch. . "Pluto" is a captivating masterpiece that blends science fiction, mystery, and profound philosophical themes. Set in a world where robots coexist with humans. What unfolds is a thought-provoking narrative that makes one think of what truly humanity is. With the recent rise of artificial intelligence, there couldn't be a better time than now for this anime to be released.. . After seeing many reviews stating this anime is too boring to watch through or that the finale although good, not being enough to make one go through the preceding 7 episodes; initially had me dropping this series but I'm so glad that I gave "Pluto" ...
Byousoku 5 Centimeter is a poignant exploration of love, distance, and the passage of time that left a lasting impression on me. As a viewer drawn to emotionally resonant storytelling, I found myself deeply moved by the beauty and poignancy of this anime.. . From its stunning visuals to its evocative soundtrack, the show is a visual and auditory masterpiece that captivates the senses from start to finish. The animation is breathtaking, with meticulous attention to detail in every frame, transporting viewers into a world of quiet contemplation and bittersweet longing.. . The narrative unfolds in three interconnected segments, each exploring different facets of love and separation. Through the ...
Boku no Kokoro no Yabai Yatsu delivers a delightful blend of comedy and romance that kept me thoroughly entertained throughout its first season. As a fan of romantic comedy anime, I found myself enchanted by the endearing characters and engaging storyline presented in this series.. . From the outset, the anime draws viewers into the captivating world of love and laughter, weaving together moments of heartfelt romance with laugh-out-loud comedy. The chemistry between the characters is palpable, and their interactions brim with warmth and sincerity, making each episode a joy to watch.. . One of the standout aspects of the show is its exceptional balance of comedy and romantic ...
A Nice Relaxing Anime For the Soul. . Yuru Camp or Laid-Back Camp as it was known in some media like Crunchyroll, is one nice relaxing anime for the soul. It is sweet and well paced. Not too fast nor slow. The characters are funny and relatable high school kids. Though the only downside is that they are all girls. Perhaps one with the boys series may be in the future works. Still it is no biggie.. . The MC Rin is a girl who does enjoy camping very much. So much so to the point of getting a motorcycle license to further her enjoyment of camping. Then ...
One call tells that the author treated this story with more care than Konosuba. But this is another example of market trends choosing the inferior story over the superior one.. . Characters here just work just as great as Konosuba and I would argue even better than Konosuba because after a while Konosuba turns formulaic to the point that the studio even pointed it in one of the OVAs. . . The story, the stakes, the motivations and the comedy here are far better than Konosuba.. . . I truly wish the people in charge give it another shot because this is better written than 90% of isekai.
"Overtake" is definitely a unique experience and adds its own unique twist to the genre. It's vastly interesting to see things from different viewpoints and it has deep emotions rooted in it also.. . The story is great and rather straightforward we follow the path of a photographer who happens to discover motor racing and wants to help the team and pilot. It's very refreshing and while you still get some good racing it's definitely not the focus here. The characters and interactions between them are really what's the most important thing here.. . The art is clean and the animation is decent. It's not the best ...
Bocchi the Rock! is a delightful blend of humor and heart, delivering an entertaining and endearing journey that had me laughing out loud from start to finish. As a fan of comedy anime, I thoroughly enjoyed the charming antics and lovable characters of "Bocchi the Rock!". . From the very first episode, the series immerses viewers into the zany world of Bocchi, a determined and earnest young girl with dreams of becoming a rock star. Her journey to musical stardom is filled with hilarious misadventures, unexpected challenges, and heartwarming friendships that make for a thoroughly enjoyable viewing experience.. . One of the standout aspects of the show is its ...
The animation and the song are just masterpieces. Most definitely one of the best songs ever created by yoasobi. The lyrics are spot on which really describes the dark side of society which almost all famous people go through. It really shows an entire story on its own. People say "The rap part is bad" or what not but the rap part is required for it to really hit hard.. . The animation is simple but the simplicity really makes it stand out because it shows everything it needs to and most of the story telling is done through the music. If you dont like it, ...
I had put off watching this for SUCH a long time because this did not get a good reception at all upon release and I feel so STUPID for letting myself be swayed by that public opinion.. . It's actually an amazing BL work, and deserves all the flowers. People that complain about it being too rushed haven't had to sit through 12 episode of nothing just to get a mid confession. It's amazing that in such a short runtime they were able to explore so many things and it doesn't feel rushed at all. Some anime fans just need over-exposition and this movie is not that ...
The main plot is a demon and angel making love. Is 2024, interracial love is normal now. Demon must save his demon race from extinction by mingling with this angel to be saved from genocide. The angel has abandonment issue so she is willing to keep the demon as a pet to make her feel less lonely.. . This type of anime that makes your toes curl up. A great anime with many cringe worthy moments and a happy place for lonely people that need a a little love and joy in their life. Lovely voice actings that will give you goosebumps. Very entertaining and ...
The second season of Kage no Jitsuryokusha ni Naritakute! is similar to its predecessor with a large focus on comedic storytelling. The plot is not as engaging as the first season; however, the frequent bursts of satirical drama bridge the gap, sustaining interest and providing a satisfying viewing experience. Many familiar faces make a comeback, but the spotlight isn't evenly distributed. While some characters take on more significant roles, others who were once deeply developed are now relegated to brief appearances in minor scenes. The visuals are on par for the series; however, the reduced quantity of action scenes does leave the series feeling occasionally ...
Rin: Daughters of Mnemosyne intertwines detective mystery with supernatural elements. Notably, it shares similarities with complex narratives like "Ghost in the Shell" but includes explicit themes that may unsettle some viewers.. . Despite its shorter length compared to other anime series, "Rin" lacks extensive introductions and outros, a feature that some viewers may find disappointing. However, this absence enhances its commendable aspects. Contrary to initial impressions, the series isn't solely fixated on gore and sex; rather, it delves into deeper and more intricate themes, albeit potentially unsettling for some.. . The protagonist, Rin Asogi, anchors the narrative as an immortal detective, engaging in dynamic interactions with characters such as ...
Note: I only write reviews after watching the whole season, to share complete thoughts.. . "Fruits Basket" Season 2 has been a wonderful surprise, making me even more a fan than before. I'm happy to give it a big thumbs up with a 9/10 rating! This season brings more of the touching story of Tohru and the Soma family, with even more laughs, tears, and heart-warming moments.. . What's New and Great:. This season picks up right where the first one left off, diving deeper into the characters' lives. It brings out more about their past and what makes them tick, especially focusing on how they all grow and change. ...
"Stepping into the captivating world of Eighty Six, I was immediately entranced by a mech war anime that transcends the ordinary and offers a truly one-of-a-kind experience. The narrative unfolds in a mesmerizing dance of intricate storytelling, jaw-dropping mecha battles, and character development that grips your soul.. . From the very first episode, Eighty Six grabs your attention with its seamless blend of cutting-edge animation and a riveting storyline. The mechs, towering giants of steel and firepower, become not just machines but extensions of the characters' souls, each battle a ballet of destruction choreographed with precision.. . The characters are not mere pilots; they are warriors, burdened with the ...
One Piece is by far the best shounen anime I've watched. The characters and story are amazing and the manga is probably one of my favorites but wow.. . STORY. The story started with an epic entrance. I've never seen a character enter the scene like that. At first he made people think that Coby was the main character because he was so focused on him, but once Coby discovered a barrel, Luffy suddenly came out of it while shouting “that was a nice nap! ,” I was blown away because it was hilarious, but a brilliant way for a character to make an appearance. At first, I ...
Came for the yandere, stayed for the plot.. Basically, the anime is about spirits. They're invisible to normal people, but our main characters can either see or sense them. They defeat spirits and add them to their collection to use and defend/battle against other spirits. The little girl, Yayoi, is a genius with an IQ of 160 (literally), who can see but not sense spirits. Keitaro, the black-haired mc, can sense spirits (but not see them), and gets dragged into the spirit battling life by Yayoi and Eiko. Eiko's the yandere girl, who has a... hidden, twisted side. Let's keep it at that. But her love ...
Funny and recommended anime.. I've watched it twice already.. . I remember from a young age in every game I always thought too much about what to put in my stats.. The anime is very funny and pleasant.. The pace of the series is excellent.. The music is good.. The art is great.. I would add a little more backstory to the characters.. The creators of the series really thought deeply about her crazy abilities and every time I was surprised.. ...
I initially thought I wouldn't like this.. Partially because there seemed to be no hook like, you die for real if you die ingame or whatever.. But its just so much fun to watch. It keeps me engaged because there are very clear goals.. And it sparks my enthusiasm because there are so many gaming tropes I recognise and I would be aiming for myself if I was playing.. And then even better; the humor is so great! I laugh out loud at least once per episode, and I really rarely have that nowadays.. . Art style is beautiful!. World building, great!. Characters, fun and interesting!. This isnt really an isekai I guess since ...
writing a review so i remember this anime hehehe.. but apparently my review needs to have more information so here it is: a lot of character development, unique storyline, and great adventures. not sure what else to say other than im going to rewatch this soon because the filler parts are blurry and waiting for other anime to release is leaving me distraught and unsure what to watch. . . . apparently my review is still not long enough and all i want to do is just save it somewhere. i know i can probably add it to my favourites but until i rewatch it.. ...
It's good. And I mean, really, really good. At what cost, though?. . Season two of “Jujutsu Kaisen” promised to be one of anime's greatest recent hits. Everybody loved it, the characters were great, the emotions hit like nothing they've seen in the current landscape, and the animation resulted in being near perfect. However, it's happened to me before; constant hype ruining my experience, since I expected a little too much from something only to be extremely disappointed. So, I lowered my expectations, not forgetting that I never truly loved JJK. First season was a good foundation, but I couldn't emotionally connect with any struggle. Everybody was ...
The chinese teen house.. . I hadn't heard of Kusuriya, I was surprised when I found out that it's one of the best-selling novels in Japan, so you think there must be something special about it.. . You start the anime and meet one of the best female protagonists (she doesn't have much competition either) and you understand why she is so well known, Maomao is too much. I love that she's not pigeonholed into a typical anime personality, like tsundere or kuudere and all that kind of shit.. . She is a normal girl, she doesn't pretend anything and doesn't try to be the heroine. Simply apply his knowledge and ...
I really recommend this anime.. . . I have been watching boring anime for a long time, this anime grabbed my attention and I finished it very quickly.. The story is very unique.. The cool idea is a cell phone game that forces you to fight people.. I like that each character gets a special ability.. The pace of the series is excellent, the characters are interesting but i think they had to give them some more background story.. I really liked the art.. . ...
Don't expect something epic or to die laughing with this isekai, it's not something that you haven't seen yet, probably. You can expect to have a good time though if you are not supercritical and very picky. The way the mc tries to fit in this new world is pretty fun, she is spontaneous and her reactions are pretty natural and honest to her personality. The voice acting is good and I think whoever did it had a good fun doing so, the voice fits the characters and their personalities. The story is fun, it's well written for an Isekai. The animation is ok, I ...
Ao Haru Ride offers a tender and heartfelt exploration of young love, wrapped in a unique art style and complemented by its captivating romance aspects. As a viewer enamored with romance anime, I found myself deeply engaged with the story and characters of the show.. . From the first episode, the series draws you into the emotional journey of its protagonists, navigating the complexities of relationships and self-discovery during adolescence. The blend of heartfelt moments and poignant character development resonates with viewers, creating a compelling narrative that keeps you invested from start to finish.. . One of the standout features of the anime is its distinctive art style. The ...
Ao Ashi stands tall as a captivating football anime that not only celebrates the sport but also delivers a compelling narrative filled with passion, camaraderie, and personal growth. As a football enthusiast, I found myself thoroughly immersed in the world of "Ao Ashi," enjoying every moment of its exhilarating gameplay and heartfelt storytelling.. . I must admit that I may be somewhat biased, given my deep love for football. However, even accounting for this bias, the show unquestionably earns its place as a standout in the realm of sports anime. The series' ability to capture the essence of football and translate it into captivating animation is truly ...
There are two very accurate statements I’ve heard describe this anime: “side-quests the anime” and “what your d&d party does after their campaign the anime.” This is an interesting slice-of-life anime that compels the viewer through the unique perspective of an elf who lives far longer than humans do. There is no “big bad” or “final boss” as the show begins after Frieren and her party have defeated the demon king and saved the world.. . For Frieren the elf, a decade or even a century is a blip of time in comparison to her long life span. This show is centered around her journey through time ...
The first season of 5-toubun no Hanayome encapsulates a delightful journey through the intricacies of love, family, and growth, leaving me thoroughly entertained and pleasantly surprised by its endearing charm.. . From the outset, I found myself immersed in the lives of the Nakano quintuplets and their engaging dynamics with Fuutarou Uesugi, their dedicated tutor. The series unfolds with a blend of heartwarming moments and comedic encounters that struck a chord with me, making each episode a joy to watch.. . The lovable cast of characters, particularly the quintuplets, each with their unique personalities and quirks, added depth and authenticity to the storyline. Witnessing their individual growth and evolving ...
Legend tells of an anime.. . An anime SO great, it will be told by generations for the years to come.. . . . The main character, Kazuma, is simply put, the GOAT. Sure, he is no Ainz, overwhelming nations with his sheer power alone, or some Kirito clone you see in all these Isekais nowadays. But he has one thing that seperates him as the GOAT. He keeps it real. He speaks his mind. If a naked lady was to fall in front of him, he would not falter. Truly the best character in all of fiction.. . This anime is so good. It consists of only 10 episodes, instead of your ...
Kuzu no Honkai delves into the complexities of desire and human relationships with a depth that is both captivating and thought-provoking. As a viewer who appreciates anime with substance, I found myself drawn to the profound exploration of emotions and desires that this series offers.. . One of the most compelling aspects of the show- is its willingness to delve into the darker aspects of human nature. The characters grapple with their own desires, often conflicting with societal norms and their own moral compass. This introspective journey adds layers of complexity to the narrative, inviting viewers to confront uncomfortable truths about love, lust, and the pursuit of ...
*NO SPOILERS*. . Where do I even start? Maybe here: To simply slap a BL label on this and leave it at that feels downright criminal.. . I’m very grateful that I stumbled upon this without any prior knowledge or pretext. Had I read a synopsis or character description, I doubt I would have given it a try. Almost everything I found on this movie and manga fails to capture the essence of this story and its characters. It very much sounds like one of those cliches where BL is predatory and abuse is strangely romanticized. But I can promise you, that this ...
Do you like power fantasy? Do you like Overpowered protagonists? Do you like good animation? Do you like Hiroyuki Sawano's music?. Then you are at the right place my friend.. . If you don't like power fantasy don't watch it, coz it's just that taken to peak. Frieren is airing as of now go watch that.. . The 1st and 2nd episodes should've been together tbh so watch both and consider if you are gonna continue or not.. But if you do decide to continue, episode 4 will make you wanna keep watching and episode 6 will blow your mind and make you wanna go read the manhwa coz you are ...
The adage says don't judge a book by its cover, maybe that's what suits this anime.. Honestly, before I watched this anime, I thought that this anime had a bad storyline, especially being reincarnated as a pig, what else is this ridiculous?. . Let's get straight to the point, that I recommend this anime.. First advantage: Having cute graphics and characters, this anime will pamper you with good graphic quality.. Second: Comedy that makes me laugh, even if it's just dirty talk, and doesn't directly show anything that's dirty, I think that's a good thing, because it teases the audience.. Third: The storyline is quite interesting, even though it seems strange, ...
Megami no Café Terrace. . The anime shows with ecchi tags are usually tedious. The story and characters become repeatable and enjoyment waves off as the experience of watched anime increases. However, this show is well done for the genre and can bring a lot of enjoyment.. . The troupe of girls and a boy living in the same living space is nothing new. It usually goes along with accidents of a sexual nature and girls falling in love with the MC. You can write it off as a typical harem that brings nothing of value. However, there is something more comforting about this show. It is a ...
Anti-social and awkward Tomoko Kuroki is starting highschool.. And although she has role played a high-schooler online and in video games...she's not too good at it in real life.. . Tomoko is a deviant otaku. She's into ecchi games, dirty manga and naughty audio books. She has dirty fantasies. She stares at girls' panties... She's basically the perfect girl 🤔. . Her brother is the "cool" one. Typically in anime its reversed. The boy is the "loser" and the sister is the normal and popular one.. . The problem with the show is that Tomoko is the only character.. She's fine, she'd actually be a perfect main character for a slice of ...
Ousama Rangking (9/10). - Animasi vibes nostalgia full 2D dengan stylenya pula. Digarap oleh WIT Studio yang menggarap anime AOT sampai season 3, SPY x Family, anime favorit saya Vinland Saga, dan banyak anime tersohor lain.. - Saya berekspektasi story line dari anime ini akan ringan dan menyenangkan, namun dengan tema fiksi sejarah dan monarki, yang secara pribadi saya suka. Namun tidak demikian, terdapat penghianatan, konflik panjang, ketidakmampuan, persahabatan, loyalitas, supremasi, kebijaksanaan, dan kenjlimetan yang ada beberapa bagian memang disimplifikasi, misal pada development character Tuan Bojji, yang bisa terdeliver dengan luar biasa menyenangkan dan enjoyable.. - Animasi yang ditampilkan juga sangat well done animated, matang, tidak terburu-buru, dan ...
Nanatsu no Maken ga Shihai suru is not great. It could have been a lot better than it is, but it doesn't explain its world well enough nor give itself time enough to cook through. What it is though is compulsive viewing, it has a soap-opera quality to it where you want to see what happens next, even if you know it's not going to be good.. . So don't think too hard about it and just slide on through.. . If you want to think about where it falls down (and I wouldn't bother...), then it sets up a dark fantasy world with elements of the tedious "don't ...
i'd say i'm a very emotional person, and watching such a tragic yet beautiful take on the classic forbidden love troupe done so amazingly... i found myself sobbing at the end honestly. this series would be a 10/10 but i did find the animation and cgi to be a little choppy at time which would make more serious/ sad/ action packed scenes come off and a little goofy at times lol. for a 5 episode mini series, i would 100% recommend it to anyone looking for a beautiful story, well written characters, a wonderful soundtrack, and a deeply tragic love story. flippin epic 8)
This is what anime ought to be - this and other masterpieces make the medium of anime worth existing.. . Miyazaki once said that anime was a mistake, and anime like Aria, K-ON, Violet Evergarden, and a few selected others are there to prove him wrong. Aria is the kind of adventure you can go back to at any point in your life and still find new meanings, feeling like you're meeting an old friend after many years apart. Said in less embarrassing terms: it gets better at every rewatch, and that is arguably rare for a SOL.. Some people might find it boring because it's not ...
Next to Link Click, this is very much my new favourite Donghua. Actually, it might just be one of the best anime I watched in recent times. What a way to start 2024.. . Let's get down to its premise. This is a story that takes place on Kong, an afterlife world built around the concept of mecha boxing tournament system. Basically, Isekai Real Steel. Here's the fun part: in this world, memory is used as a trading and betting currencies in the form of Qian, and people who win tournaments will earn a large sum of Qian and regain memory of their past life whereas the ...
BoFuri is studio Silver Link.’s latest addition to the torrent of video game shows that’s flooded the anime medium since the release of Sword Art Online.. . The premise is exactly what you’d expect after a cursory reading of the title. Kaede Honjou, a complete noob, decides to start playing the newest VRMMO, New World Online (I’m not buying that the notion that the NWO abbreviation is an accident), at her friend’s insistence. Since her friend would not be able to log in for the following days because she had to study for upcoming exams, it fell to Kaede to play on her own for a few ...
To start off with Season 1 was not a Harem even though it seems to start going that route during episode 1-3 but as it proceeds it clearly shows that isn't the route it was going to go, even one of the main female characters ends up becoming a good wingwoman when she finds out someone likes the MC, it isn't a romance anime so don't expect there to be a relationship and thankfully there wasn't fan service.. . This anime was interesting for the most part however it did have a few boring moments, not that many but still more than once or maybe ...
There’s only one word that can describe this story, entrancing. While the show may have a massive cult following, it is not a mainstream success. It is rather dark and caters to a fairly niche taste. To the unsophisticated, it may even appear as boring. I hesitate to use the word deep, for it has arguably become a cliché devoid of meaning, but there’s definitely something profound to this series. It reminded me of Mushishi in the way every character’s story would just suck you in and leave you stuck in a trance. One episode legitimately brought me to tears.. . The result of a collaboration between ...
The story itself is nothing special but execution is done right.Fights are hype with stunning visual, a simple story of a man trying to grow stronger for his family sake.The anime tries to improve on manhwa's story introducing essential character early since they never got enough time in manhwa . Unlike lots of isekai or fantasy anime mc here is not granted power immediately he tries to earn IT completing various quest and dungeons. There is element of mystery too with origin of his system and statues,hope A1 maintains this quality and improve on source material further.. . SPECIAL PROPS TO TAITO BAN (JINWOO'S VA) FOR HIS ...
An incredibly beautiful anime that, unfortunately, I hear very little about. Rainbow takes us to a defeated and destroyed Japan after World War II where a group of young men, in order to survive, commit a series of crimes that will land them in a reformatory, where they will experience hell but in the end they will be able to get out and to make a new life despite the adversities that a group of young delinquents may encounter in everyday life. Put like this, Rainbow's story may seem trivial, but I assure you, that couldn't be further from the truth. Indeed, it is much ...
The final attack on titan incarnation came out as two one hour and one and a half hour episodes that kind of feel like a movie. It’s best to watch them in one go with a movie experience in mind. The episodes conclude the story but are famous for having a not so good ending, I don’t think the ending is bad but it’s just that the ending is poorly executed with some other bad choices that we’ll talk about.. . Characters/plot: After the last season our main characters are on their way to stop Eren and the rumbling all they need to do now is ...
Mitsuboshi Colors is a wonderfully silly and wholesome anime that perfectly captures the feeling of being a kid and just doin random shit and making your own fun out of the mundane. The anime focuses on the main cast, the Colors who do their best to save their town from peril! They usually do this by helping with mundane tasks for others or making up silly situations to protect the city from! This premise alone I find a lot of charm in and the situations these girls make up are extremely silly and childish and that's what is so wonderful about Mitsuboshi Colors.. . The group of Colors ...
“Anime was a mistake, it’s nothing but trash”. Miyazaki was right. . The first ever anime folks, and I gotta admit, it’s not too special, but it’s kinda cute. Don’t go into it thinking it will be the greatest anime ever, it’s over a century old, so watch it knowing this is where it all started. . Story: Non existent/10. There’s no story other than some guy writes on a board. . Art: 7/10. Not the worst art, it’s pretty charming and simple. ...
If a series combining comedy with the traditional gundam themes of the horrors of war sounds weird, that's because it is - but that's okay! The main issue I believe people have with this show is the tonal whiplash between it and Zeta, which is especially present in the beginning. The unseriousness of Zeta gradually grew into an amazing war drama, and the similarly silly ZZ feels jarring in comparison, even if it follows a similar trajectory. The character writing and worldbuilding present in Zeta and 0079 are still here as well, you just have to look harder than usual for them. The difficulty in ...
I highly recommend you watch the saga first. . I recommend you before watching. . 1 - Yes! Precure 5 / can be divided into 5 days. 2 - Yes! Precure 5 GoGo! / can be divided into 4 days. 3 - Kibou no Chikara: Otona Precure '23 / in 5 hours. . simply watching the yes precure 5 saga, even with the participation of other precures, was simply a 9-day journey, which warmed my heart.. . ...
Although adapted from a 20 year old manga series by Naoki Urasawa (the esteemed mangaka of Monster and 20th Century Boys), and based on even older source material from Astro Boy, Pluto couldn’t feel any more relevant than it does today in the age of developing AI and the ongoing genocide of innocent civilians currently happening in the Middle East.. . Pluto is a story founded in the realities of human imperfection and the destruction that we can force upon one another. It is a story about the emptiness of war. But it is also the story of childhood innocence, and the humanity found in learning ...
I’ve just finished watching this series, and I decided to take a quick look at the reviews to see if there was a general enjoyment of the show. I was actually quite surprised to find that there are a multitude of reviews expressing their EXTREME dislike for this anime.. Of course, opinions are just that: opinions. And I don’t think there is a series, anime or otherwise, that is liked by absolutely everybody. But a lot of the criticisms of this particular one, I just can’t understand.. . First of all, I’ll share my views on Tomodachi Game. As an avid enjoyer of thriller-type drama anime, I ...
This anime is just perfect, it has a perfect balance between action, comedy, romance and slice of life, the characters are incredible with lots of details and history tied to them, like how Frieren perceives time more slowly and has to deal with that on her daily life, or how Stark is very strong but has to deal with personal problems in battles and so on... The action scenes are fluid and well animated with the best OST's I've seen so far, meanwhile the slice of life gives such a cool and chill vibe, it brakes the tension between fights in such a good way with ...
Tower of Druaga: The Aegis of Uruk draws its inspiration from a beloved Japanese video game. The narrative follows a band of adventurers as they endeavor to ascend a towering edifice in pursuit of untold treasures, navigating through perilous encounters with monsters and traps strewn throughout its labyrinthine depths.. . Set in the aftermath of protagonist Gilgamesh's triumph over the malevolent deity Druaga, now reigning as the King of Uruk, the resurgence of the tower once inhabited by Druaga presents a formidable challenge. Towering even higher than before, it beckons countless adventurers and Urukian soldiers alike, driven by the allure of its fabled riches. Yet, amidst the ...
Serial Experiments Lain in many ways is weird. It’s the type of anime where even if you watched a few seconds of it, the show would immediately question the sanity of both yours and itself. As someone who watched this around the years when I was in middle school, even a couple of years later as well as giving it a re-watch, I clearly have no idea what this was supposed to be. But in Lain’s case, that’s okay. You don’t even need to know what it is. Serial Experiments Lain is an anime that, yes, is borderline questionable when it comes to how it ...
A hidden gem, its like opening up an attic and then taking a tab of acid that has been hidden in an old chest. . In the jungle, young boy Hare has his world flipped when his mom brings home a little girl to add to the family. Named Guu, she seems nice but within a day she becomes an absolute menace. Apathetic yet chaotic and clueless about human customs, she is like an alien masquerading as a kid. With powers like eating anything whole, her stomach being an extra dimensional space with another world inside, she can also regurgitate anything she eats.. Given the story ,the ...
8/10. "Angel Beats!" is a very emotional anime. It's set in the afterlife, specifically in a school of teenagers who died with regrets and didn't enjoy their youth. In the first episodes I didn't thought I'd like it as much as I did, but it definetly caught my attention and became quite addictive. The most striking aspects of my viewing were:. . - The plot isn't exactly amazing, I mean, it's good, but it's not mind blowing or anything, it may even seem a bit "silly" at first, but the story is much more developed and complex than you imagine; the characters ...
Now why tf do I keep choosing animes that are hella short and not confirmed for a second season!! Like this anime was a little weird at first as these types usually are, there's the usual revealing outfits for the girls and specifically our main women characters. But the main character Glenn, even though his personality is odd he's definitely a lovable character and one who would go to the ends of the earth to protect his students. It's an amazing story that should have the rest of its manga adapted. Glenn's storyline before he came to the academy isn't talked about much but it's ...
It all started with a joke, and I have ended up disguising this series quite a bit, the characters are very basic but they work for the plot. The epic moments are very well spent and you enjoy them.. . There is desire for a second season.The plot is about Mike, a rather introverted boy who by chance finds a comic, with which he can summon CryMan, an unconventional hero, the two together join in a quest to find the other comics of Scott, their mysterious creator.. . The show has pretty good action scenes, in which they use the heroes' powers in pretty smart ways, reminding ...
Needless has got to be some of the best slapstick and outright outrageous humor I've seen in an anime. Its animation is good, the voice acting is excellent and the plot is... well the plot is special which serves to accelerate the humor. A gang of misfits with supernatural powers of questionable usefulness trying to strike down a megacorporation. Half the cast has some of the worst morals possible and characters always remain true to their (questionable) origins and motives.. . The anime follows the manga until about a third the way into the manga where it takes a deviating approach to end the series. The ...
Plastic Neesan has a run time total of twenty seven minutes and nineteen seconds, within that run time it accomplishes being incredibly funny while truly encompassing the Moe early 2010s gag atmosphere. You don't see this kind of comedy in most anime nowadays, one of the big positives for it having such a short run time is there is zero filler which allows the gags to get straight to the point without wasting any time. For a older ONA I highly recommend it and there's not much of a time commitment to get some great laughs out of it, shorts 7 and 8 are my ...
(los tontitos de mal me hacen reescribir esto pero en inglés). eee, no se como decir esto, pero creo que este es el mejor anime que he visto, pero no lo es.. Es sin duda la mejor adaptación que he visto, todos los capítulos son de 10, no hay ni uno malo, el ritmo es increíble y adictivo, la historia es interesante, los personajes tienen un desarrollo enorme con respecto a la primera temporada. Y dios, la animación es indescriptible, es perfecta y es fácilmente una secuencia de obras de arte mezclando diferentes estilos únicos que hagan que pueda afirmar que este anime es perfecto. Esa es ...
The term hidden gem gets thrown out a lot in media, but I would absolutely call this anime a hidden gem. Without an official English name listed here the show roughly translated to "starting today I am..." is a mix up of a fun, slapstick, comedy with a delinquent drama where high school kids are all in some kind of gang constantly getting into fights with each other. The mix in tone of serious and parody works surprisingly well here though the majority of the time. I actually prefer the name "Self proclaimed Bad boy" which is used as a title card in the first ...
I picked this up after watching Heavens Official Blessing and liked the gender swap concept.. . Story: 10 - The story is about an empress and emperor who have a cold relationship until they fall under a spell that causes them to swap bodies. This leads to them facing various challenges, which highlights the characters strengths and also leads to some hiularious misunderstandings. Through this expreience they both realise the burdens their ocunterpart carries which brings them closer. I loved the progression and pace of the story. It had a good amount of drama, anction, comedy, and romance. I think all the characters were well written, ...
When people talk about the anime JJK, the first thing they say is about the awesome animation, and that's the case especially in season 2, by overworking the animators with tight schedules, JJK season 2 got the adaptation treatment that every manga whishes to get.. . As everyone knows, this season is divided in 2 arcs, one about Gojo's past and another more battle-focused on the present.. . Starting with the 1st one, the problem with flashback arcs is knowing who dies and who survives by being alive in the present, making the stakes dissapear for some of the characters.. . The Shibuya arc feels different from the other arcs so ...
Reassisti maratonando após 7 anos desde a ultima vez que assisti e sempre que eu termino, mal posso esperar para que os anos se passem e eu esqueça da maior parte dos drtalhes da história para que eu possa rever novamente e ter as mesmas surpresas e me empolgar pra descobrir o que ocorre em seguida. É o anime que eu mais gostaria de esquecer pra rever e vivenciar novamente. Agora vamos aos motivos.. . Ritmo: Hunter x Hunter 2011 tem um ritmo excelente para os acontecimentos. Todos os acontecimentod têm função e são bem resolutivos, sem muita enrolação até que as lutas terminem, como ocorre em ...
If Ouran Highschool Host Club is your thing you might be into this! The anime has a bit of a fast moving plot for my tastes but it's quite witty and fun to follow.. The twists aren't super obvious and even if you find they are they're still extremely interesting to see play out.. It is undeniably a shame that the anime is so short because there is a lot of material to work through however I didn't find the pacing to be difficult to keep up with. The main character is extremely relatable and it's very easy to get attached/sympathise with some of the ...
Although, I gave an overall 7 to this movie-series, I enjoyed watching scenes from the series again, especially the relationship between Kaname and Sagara.. The whole story in 3 episodes is a recapitulation of the series, although I would have liked to see some new scenes or a different story between Kaname and Sagara.. I think the animation is better than 20 years ago.. I like that they kept the soundtrack, but also that they introduced a new ending sung by Yamada, Tamaru in every movie.. . I think it will be ok to watch again for those who enjoyed watching the anime.. . Characters: 8. Story: 9. Overall: 7
THESE OVAs MUST BE SEEN BEFORE SEASON 3.. Can't believe an important episode was put in an ova. I mean, it's ok for me, but not everyone watch OVAs. The first episode is just a common episode: termal baths. I loved that trio and Takumi, so funny! The characters are always well-rounded and faithful to themself, reacting in a realistic way. And the second episode is a plot's episode, cuz it introduce all the 10 best students in the Totsuki and an important battle start. So, both OVAs must be seen. You will enjoy them because are also beautiful and funny. Good art style.
This anime was a risk for me because it looked like one of the typical "isekai" comedy animes. I was gravely mistaken! There was something that pushed me to finally watch this and I haven't felt the need to stop (simulcast so I have to wait!).. . The mix media style of animation (the 'bird head' colour looks painted or coloured in by hand, but the lines look solid and digitally done) felt nostalgic yet innovative at the same time. It reminds me of old school shounen anime but revolutionized! Big recommendation for anyone who wishes to start a shounen adventure anime that has sharp, light-hearted comedy ...
I watched Tokyo Ghoul √A in April 2015 while english dubbed episodes of Naruto Shippuden were coming on animestatic (RIP T-T) and i was drawn to this hauntingly beautiful poster in the new episodes section of a white haired boy, supposedly the "ghoul" holiding an apparant corpse with a white clothh over it against a psychadaelic flower pattern background which was so mesmerizing and compelled me to watch it. Even though i didnt know it was season 2, (or that there was even a season 1 xD) I still loved it sooo much!! The music and soundtrack was soo beautiful, Kaneki was so cool and ...
In "Sword of the Stranger," a lone ronin, Nanashi, finds himself drawn into a perilous journey when he agrees to protect a young boy named Kotarou pursued by mysterious enemies. As their bond deepens amidst breathtaking sword fights and intricate plots, they must confront their pasts and fight for their futures in a stunning tale of honor and sacrifice.. Or one of those movies are forgotten gold.. . Story 8/10. The storyline has a good flow and strong structure. It follows both characters in a good manner and helps understand them and get to know them well despite the short period of a hour and a ...
Raido wants to be more social during his freshman year of high school. It was hard for him to make friends in middle school because he looked unfriendly.. . He decides to talk to the loli girl Aharen who sits next to him in class. But she's seemingly ignoring him. Turns out she's a very low talker. She developed this habit because she was seen as too clinging by her previous friends.. . Raido tries all he can to find an effective way for the two to communicate. But unintentionally develops super hearing as a result of trying to hear Aharen's soft voice.. . This isnt really a romance. Its mostly ...
Okay so I'm writing this not as a person whose seen FLCL for the first time, but as a person whose rewatched it probably around 5 times at this point, and I just wanted to make a some sort of love letter to one of my favorite anime and pieces of fiction I've ever had the chance to experience.. . FLCL to the anime community alone is already such a critically acclaimed show that's been talked about ever since it came out. It's wacky, funny, crazy, filled with amazing panels of animation, and most importantly, music from the pillows that could make anyone hyped out of their ...
This series, directed by the visionary Masaaki Yuasa, is a modern take on Go Nagai's original "Devilman" manga. One of the most striking aspects of Devilman Crybaby is its distinct art style. Yuasa's signature animation style gives the show fluidity and energy.. . The show is unapologetically graphic and violent, and it doesn't shy away from exploring some dark and disturbing themes. Some viewers may find this off-putting, but for those who can stomach it, Devilman Crybaby offers a deeply rewarding and thought-provoking viewing experience.. . The story's fast pace may be overwhelming for some viewers, but it remains focused on the plot without distraction.. . The story ...
One Piece is the greatest piece of fiction possibly ever made.. Never before has anything enthralled me as much as the straw hat crew and the world that Eiichiro Oda has carefully built.. . Characters and their backstories are unbelievably well constructed, with emotional and powerful musical tracks to back up all the best moments. From the very beginning, this series is just magical and it always reminds you of this as learn more and come across new mysteries. I caught up when the series was at Episode 613 and have been week to week since then while reading the manga!. . - Skip filler. (except the ...
Did not read the Manga ! Planning to in the near future .. But with that said I really enjoyed this show ; it feels like a breath of fresh of air from the current trend meta ; after so many Love-Harem type stories trying to turn them into comedy .. Maybe I am just a fan of Fantasy / Action stuff since i grew up with Gundam & others ; but as they say TASTES ARE NOT DISCUSSED !. . Sure you might get bored of seeing the same META universe over and over again ; after watching 15-50 episodes a week from ...
This anime is a masterpiece. No gag characters, no virgin male trying to get into the main characters pants the entire time, a goal is set, they set off to do that goal. Lots of side quests, but they make sense. Chronologically, the anime is perfect, it establishes a sense of time, place, and environment. No stupid animations, or overly done fight scenes throughout the entire show. Perfect for adults. If you want something giddy with a lot of gag characters and screaming kids, go watch some of the other top 10 anime. This is different, an unique, mesmerizing experience and a breath of ...
I LOVE THIS SHOW, my first anime, newgen i know. This is the true isekai parody, and better than konosuba. They are very different, this is less funny but more entertaining overall. and if you like waifu's? there is many many of them to chose from. Gamma, Beta, Zena, Alexia, Alpha? that is just 5. There is soo many i cant even remember them, and our main protagonist has already some of the most iconic lines to date in anime such as "I am atomic" which has been posted around every single discord, or group chat that has ever seen a single anime. Cid Kageno ...
ok so i quite like this, but i gave it a 6 because that's how it should be rated based on how good it is. THIS SHOW in my opinion is FAR better, it is soo funny, a truly funny harem comedy, and 100 girlfriends? he needs to share some of us cant even get one. The girls are mostly all likeable, they may act a bit unrealistic but they act in a funny way. The characters tease a lot of dirty jokes and dirty scenes, and in my opinion i would have preferred it if they had leaned more into the harem way and ...
I understand peoples hatred towards this show, and i would agree. Skip the first episode it is literally not needed. But after the first episode it turns into a pretty fucking good fantasy show, generic but good. A likeable crew, with not much fan service (i said not much) A basic fantasy anime but a solid show that is good to watch as a background show. Could never see this being anyone's favourite but its a great show if you take out the first episode.. . The solving of problems throughout the world is nice, and the secretive nature of "Goblin Slayer" leaves questions unanswered. Hoping to ...
OVERALL i would recommend this as a must watch. BUT it does drag, and feels pretty messy, but the animation is cute, the romance is cute but characters just feel soo fake that its hard to believe. and it is not a new concept, a guy who can hear falling for a girl who cant has been done a few too many times now in anime, this is an earlier example of it but i still think its dragged on for a bit long, Maybe if the movie was shorter like 1h 20m it would be more enjoyable but it just goes on too long ...
Promising Detective Anime. . Looks good the synopsis. Always enjoy detective or cop anime where slice of life and comedy mixed well. Hope this is the case too.. . Another good thing about this cop or crime anime is the cases being showcased in the series. This breaks the monotonous feel of the series. The only thing constant is the development of the partnership plus a few supporting characters namely the chief of the investigation section 1.. . By the end of the series, you most likely would like to have another series to see how the partnership went. And hopefully the studio will grant that wish.
One of the Year's Best Anime. . The movie is one of the year's best anime. It is a bridge between the end of season 1 and the season 2. The pace is good with the finale an unexpected twist. Worth watching the series just to get to this movie.. . However, the premise of the movie would be of some disappointment to the fans of the series. It is the first time a Hashira of such stature met with such fate. Won't reveal it but it is suffice to see that a few fans still get disappointed despite knowing the outcome. Just goes to show how well ...
Second Season of A Great Action Comedy Anime of the late '80s Era. . City Hunter is one of the great anime of the late '80s era. It still survives till today with movie specials that are released every couple of years or so. This shows how good the concept is. It has other spin-offs of sort like Angel Eyes from the same manga artist. The songs and music used here are pretty much top notch as per the first season. If you are a fan of city pop of the '80s and '90s, then the soundtrack of City Hunter 2 would be of interest.. . The City Hunter ...
A Great Action Comedy Anime of the 80s and 90s Era. . City Hunter is one of the great anime of the late '80s and '90s. It still survives till today with movie specials that are released every couple of years or so. This shows how good the concept is. It has other spin-offs of sort like Angel Eyes from the same manga artist. The songs used and the music are top notch. If you are a fan of city pop of the '80s and '90s, then the soundtrack of City Hunter would be of interest.. . The City Hunter is about the sweeper or vigilante similar to the ...
I read all the other reviews and just couldn't help but think.. All of the stuff in this show was just cool and fun to be in the background for.. . This shows premise is that an ancient civilization that had amazing, very advanced technology was wiped out. Maybe by a war. Maybe a plague. But the tech they made they hid away and in doing so they left a message for the people of today when they find it, and the message is "use the things we've made, or lock it away until you can use it properly,". That's a broad part of the lore. Those ...
Beyond wholesome OVA, had me smiling the entire time watching. Tohka and Origami are the best girls in the show and this episode really demonstrated why in my opinion. In short, the OVA is split into half of an Origami date and half of a Tohka date, Origami's being more humor oriented and Tohka's more wholesome (while still containing some humor). The animation is similar to that of S1 and S2 (peak season and animation/art style of the date of live series) and the sound design is upbeat and nicely voice acted as always. Absolutely a must watch of any Date a Live fan or ...
Overall:- The anime provides an amazing and terrifying wrap-up to the legendary series. Its harsh and ethically nuanced conclusion puts viewers to the test on a philosophical level.. Visuals and Sound: Excellent sound design and animation are both present. While the smaller-scale human interactions are emotionally poignant, the larger-scale battle sequences are grandiose. The powerful emotions are amplified throughout by the legendary soundtrack.. Themes: The program explores the nuances of genocide, conflict, and humanity's propensity for both great evil and selfless devotion. Viewers are prompted to consider difficult problems by the lack of simple answers.. Warning: Despite its brilliance, the series is highly gloomy and may not be ...
Jujutsu Kaisen 2nd Season: A Masterful Continuation of Supernatural Action. The exciting universe created in "Jujutsu Kaisen 2nd Season" is taken to new heights with even more dramatic action, intricate ideas, and a relentless narrative pacing. The two major storylines of this season, "Gojo's Past" and "Shibuya Incident," are deftly combined to make for an exciting and poignant watch.. Exceptional Animation and Unforgettable Battles. Once again, Studio MAPPA's work on "Jujutsu Kaisen 2nd Season" is a visual feast. The fighting scenes are just amazing. A memorable impression is created by the dramatic use of color, highly emotive animation, and smooth transitions. Battles feature cutting-edge cursed tactics, pitting ...
Summertime Render stands out as a captivating anime that expertly blends mystery into its narrative, keeping viewers engaged with its enigmatic storyline and compelling characters. From the start, I was immersed in the intricate web of mysteries woven throughout the series.. . At its core, Summertime Render thrives on suspense and intrigue, constantly challenging viewers with cryptic clues and unexpected plot twists. The anime keeps audiences guessing until the very end, offering a thrilling experience that never fails to captivate.. . The animation and art style elevate the storytelling, creating atmospheric scenes that enhance the sense of mystery and tension. With its vibrant visuals and meticulous attention to detail, ...
Horimiya's debut season is a captivating journey through the complexities of love and self-discovery, captivating viewers with its genuine charm and sincerity. At its core, the evolving relationship between Hori and Miyamura resonates deeply, portrayed with authenticity and depth that draws viewers into their heartfelt journey of connection and acceptance.. . What sets Horimiya apart is its sincere portrayal of romance, eschewing melodrama for genuine, heartfelt moments that explore the nuances of love and friendship. The animation and art style enhance the series, infusing each scene with warmth and intimacy.. . Beyond its central romance, Horimiya celebrates the power of friendship and self-acceptance, enriching the narrative with a diverse ...
Tonikaku Kawaii's debut season is a delightful blend of romance and charm that left me thoroughly enchanted. From its endearing characters to its heartwarming storytelling, each episode brought joy and warmth to my heart.. . At its heart, Tonikaku Kawaii is a love story between Nasa Yuzaki and Tsukasa Tsukuyomi, filled with genuine affection and tender moments. Their romance unfolds with sweetness and sincerity, drawing viewers into their captivating journey from the very beginning.. . What sets Tonikaku Kawaii apart is its seamless balance of romance and humor. The series knows how to tug at heartstrings while also providing plenty of laughs, creating an engaging and delightful experience for ...
Minami-ke Okawari follows the lives of three sisters: Haruka, Kana, and Chiaki. Haruka, the responsible eldest sibling, shoulders the burden of looking after her younger sisters. Kana, the middle child, exudes laziness and eccentricity, while Chiaki, the youngest, admires her older sister but clashes with Kana. Alongside the sisters are their diverse group of friends, each with their distinct personalities and relationships.. . In each episode, the narrative revolves around a specific challenge faced by one of the sisters, drawing the others into the fray. A significant plot point emerges when Haruka is offered the chance to study abroad, sparking concerns about Kana and Chiaki's ability to ...
XXXHOLiC Kei serves as the sequel set in a high school backdrop infused with Japanese mythology. This season intertwines its plotlines more tightly, offering humorous character interactions. Prior viewing of the original series is recommended for optimal understanding.. . The characters retain their core traits from the previous season while gaining deeper dynamics. Doumeki's grandfather's involvement in Watanuki's dreams adds intrigue, and Himawari's presence casts a foreboding shadow over Watanuki's life. Yuuko continues her whimsical exploitation of Watanuki, aided by the increasingly selfish Mokona. Newcomers like the seductive spider queen Jorogumo and the mysterious Kohane Tsuyuri contribute unique backgrounds and interactions to the narrative.. . XXXHOLiC Kei introduces longer, ...
ENG/ESP. . Incredible, fun and entertaining. . Animation: What I will highlight the most is that they mostly use CGI, something I generally don't get along with but here MAPPA did a very good job.. Being mostly CGI, it blends much better with the environment, something that other animes don't know how to do as well.. . Music: In general it is good but the WOW thing is its Opening and Endings which also have different animation styles that are incredible.. . Characters: There are quite a few things to highlight or talk about per character (some more than others) but without going into spoilers, I tell you that you have a certain variety ...
I continuously asked myself "What the hell is wrong with this anime?" while watching this anime. The animation is so absolutely ridiculously good that it's confusing. They aren't animating anything that needs that much detail. This show rides and dies on its dialogue and comedy, which is does very well. And this show would have still gotten a very high score without having the quality of animation it had. But right off the top, every little movement of the characters and their environments is so detailed and deeply-imagined that I was constantly replaying scenes to catch all the details. ...
6.27? (18/02/24). . Are you kidding me?. . "Isekai". . Are you kidding me?. . Jokes aside,. This show sits firmly in the top half of most of the "isekai". It was quite funny at times as well as interesting when they take the plunge. It will seem on the surface your average, boring, played out "isekai" but the deeper it goes the more it intrigues you as it displays certain aspects of the plot quite splendidly.. ...
One Piece for me is more than just an anime; it's an immersive journey through the Grand Line that has left an indelible mark on my heart. From the captivating characters to the intricate plot, Eiichiro Oda's masterpiece has kept me enthralled since the very first episode.. . The adventures of Monkey D. Luffy and his Straw Hat crew are nothing short of exhilarating, with Oda's ability to weave intricate storylines and deliver jaw-dropping plot twists showcasing his unparalleled talent as a storyteller. The diverse cast of characters, from the rubber-limbed Luffy to the enigmatic swordsman Roronoa Zoro, adds depth and whimsy to the story, forging a ...
A great portrayal of depression and serene moments of discovery. The girl starts with no parents or friends, but discovers her interest and constantly finds new places to go. The plot takes it one event and moment at a time, so its very sympathetic and patient with sadness. The direction of the scenes is quite clear, the backgrounds can be subdued but detailed and realistic, and the orchestral music is inspired. There are many moments and artwork of genuine realism which can be rare in anime. A very elegant presentation, except for the animation.. . The animation is usually quite bad, despite the detail being high in ...
Despite the lack of creativity and excitement around the title of this movie, give this movie a try! It's so special and uniq in it's own way. It's based on the original "my little mermaid" the original tragedy story not the disney version with a little bit twist of the anime world.. . Also, other reasons to watch this: the beauty of the world they created when making this one. Tho I'm getting a little bit dying light and mirror edge feeling of this anime, it's over all very beautiful.. . Also the music is quit nice and relaxing and beautiful. Even music u can listen to in daily ...
A very positive anime which is simple and realistic in it's progress. I found it was uniquely graceful in showing healing from loneliness, and building a friend circle. For how lighthearted the mood is, the plot is grounded and the audio-visual presentation is remarkably consistent and clear. As I whole I think it's impressive, but each moment is quite standard. It has a soothing quality.. . The characters are children, and the story is about dealing with malicious intentions from bullies, and discovering ways to be friends. The main character is a subdued and thoughtful girl who has been affected by her mother's passing. She is paired ...
"Tensei Kenja no Isekai Life: Dai-2 no Shokugyou wo Ete, Sekai Saikyou ni Narimashita" follows the story of a reincarnated sage who gains a second chance at life in a fantasy world and embarks on a journey to attain the ultimate strength and power. Through his newfound abilities and experiences, he strives to become the strongest being in the world.. . I would define My Isekai Life as a chill anime with an easy-to-follow storyline and more relaxed approach but it doesn’t lack bumps on the round and fights. Considering this has more “Not Recommended” reviews than it deserves – you need to go into this anime ...
All in all, this anime is about a wholesome story about a first-year student name, Honda together with her SNS club members who make homemade games (particularly novel-type games). As they try to make with little to no experience in illustrating, scripting, composing, and programming to experience a heartfelt adventure in making friends and the magic of teamwork.. . Honestly, the story is not as unique as you may think it. Rather it is a cliche take on a slice of life genre with an explosion of moe and with little comedy element which is subjective to others. All in all, it is a cute anime and ...
In first 5 episodes anime steadily introduce the key characters. In these episodes we see each vivid and interesting characters, part of their story and really interesting world mechanics. Every character have solid motivation, cool powers and interesting personalities. After laying the foundation, in 5 episodes, story starts to develop in such a good way.. . But be warned, it is really important what you expect in this anime. It is not a battle oriented anime, it has will have battles but it is more like a political anime with character-driven story. From the course of story and general setting, definitely there will be epic battles. ...
Kaguya-sama: Love is War isn't just your typical anime—it's like diving into a pool of laughter and heart-fluttering moments. This show holds a special spot in my heart because it was my very first dive into the world of anime.. . From the get-go, I was hooked on the mind games between Kaguya and Miyuki. Their attempts to outwit each other and confess their feelings had me rolling with laughter one moment and rooting for them the next. Seriously, the back-and-forth between these two is pure gold!. . What I love most about Kaguya-sama is how it blends comedy with genuine emotion. Sure, you'll be in stitches over their ...
Pluto is an anime that had been in development for years, though it really does benefit from the time it came out because of how startlingly relevant it feels. AI is only becoming more sophisticated and its role in society at large is a hot button issue and will only become more so as it continues to develop and progress. There's a war being waged between Israel and Gaza, where Palestinian civilians are being indiscriminately killed in record numbers by advanced weaponry courtesy of the American military industrial complex. These are prescient issues that the vast majority of people in the world will be affected ...
Its a slice of life romance about a hearing-impaired girl Yuki.. Who encounters a boy named Itsuomi on a train. And eventually falls in love with him.. . Yuki is sweet and timid.. Itsuomi is a quiet yet a very outgoing person who travels alot.. . Itsuomi is very interested in Yuki and even decides to learn sign language to communicate with her.. Its sweet when they try to tell each other about their feelings but sometimes dont fully understand the sign, misread the lips, or happen to be looking away.. . Yuki never speaks directly. But you do hear her thoughts.. ...
How do you live?. . Miyazaki desperately seeks an answer to this question as he makes it again to the author of the original book, in which the film is titled in Japanese (“Kimitachi wa dou ikiru ka?”; “How do you live?”). The octogenarian and multi-award winning director demonstrates his non-response with an exposure of his self on screen for over 120 minutes; that is, a conscious work on his personas as an artist, as a father, as a human being and, above all, as an idealist. There is no clear answer: the film is an amalgamation of a life filled with uninterrupted attempts to seek beauty ...
Honestly, this was amazing.. . Yes I know, this work may not be for everyone, different to other explicit works involving loli content, Shoujo Ramune is more realistic than the rest, the very much realistic setting and character acting makes a lot of people weirded out due to the realism.. . However, for those who have no problem with this sort of issue, this piece of work is fantastic, and the characters are even better.. . I loved the storytelling, and the smooth switches between the "slice of life" scenes and the actual hentai scenes, the cute and small girls with different personalities, all of it was lovely.. . And dont even get ...
TL; don’t want to read: That anime will make you laugh, make you hungry, and keep you hooked.. . The Dungeon Meshi is a mix of fantasy and somewhat of a cooking show? So if you like D&D and Japanese cuisine you should definitely stick around. While the animation may not be the best, it's more than enough to keep you entertained. Whether you're a fan of fantasy, comedy, or just good storytelling in general, this anime is a must-watch. So grab your utensils and prepare for a culinary adventure like no other!. . The fusion of dungeon exploration and gourmet cooking may seem unconventional at first, but it ...
Attack on titan: The final season part 2 is all about final revelations coming to light. The last remaining mysteries that the world of titans held come to light. We get to see the origin of titans, the final solution by our main characters and much more.. . Plot/characters: The plot starts with the battle for the founder, so the first half of the show is a really good action-oriented sequence. The second half is also good. We get some good character conflict and alliances. Overall, the characters were used perfectly. Connie, Floch and Shadis get some interesting scenes. We finally get the origin of Titans ...
go watch it if u like spicy stuff :>. at first I only watched 5 eps of it and thought it was gonna be boring trash and simply skipped through every episode without understanding anything.. I left it like that for a while and came back plus now I LOVE IT!. it's 5x better than hyperventilation.. the animation was good and the art was fine as well though the characters designs were a little odd, like how some scenes the heads were rlly small and their bodies were big asf, ig It's really just a matter of personal preference.. anyways what really spiced up the story was the last episode ...
Solid Romantic Anime. . This looks like a solid romantic anime premiering for 2024! The characters look sweet and relatable. Not too childish or even over too teenage in portrayals. A deaf MC in a romantic story. A Silent Voice comes to mind with this anime.. . The OP and ED music are good and with the theme of 'yuki' aka snow. It is another slice of life romance with some ups and downs. Sweet and some bitter moments too. This is shaping up to be one of the underrated gem of this season for romance anime.. . The characters are believable. Being college kids make them more ...
ABSOLUTELY HILARIOUS!. . This is a very good rom-com anime, the characters are really funny. The main duo sometimes might feel dumb that's because they are LOL. Watch this show for a good laugh and the chemistry that the characters have in between themselves. Also if u somehow enjoy Kansai-dialect then also this show is for you.. . I have a short story to share. This is probably one of the most interesting ways I've been introduced to an anime. The way I came across this anime was - i liked the way the miya twins from haikyu talked and banter. So whilst watching "Miya twins funny moments" ...
This is the best romance show that I've seen. this show rarely has lovely-dovey moments so if u're looking for such show maybe this isn't for you. The character development in this show is absolutely top tier. Initially the characters may feel annoying, but give it some time the characters will grow on u. The first 8 episodes maybe will feel a bit boring because its mostly character introductions, by the time u reach initial episodes of season 2 u should get hooked.. . While watching focus on the dialogues a lot because the "feelings" of the characters is heavily implied through dialogues and the dialogues are ...
So this came out on YT literally the day after I finished watching the series. This Extra is a donghua original ending; this was apparently crowdsource funded since this show wasn't going to get a season 2. I'll just give my quick thoughts on this.. . I originally thought this would get a S2, but since it won't, this does at least provide a full conclusion, unlike S1. S1 ended with the MC Joon and Duna getting into a relationship, but it was kind of a cliffhanger as there could be more, but now this is at least a conclusive end. This is different from the manhwa ...
Zom 100 had no right being as good as it was, for essentially being a parody of the zombie genre, but boy is it a blessing on humanity that we were gifted with such comedy gold.. . What everyone commonly claims makes this show great, is its subversion of expectation regarding the zombie apocalypse genre. Every episode is packed with optimism despite the bleak circumstances of the world, and that provides a fun contrast throughout the entire show that never seems to get old. It is incredibly satisfying to watch Akira shrug off his old job, and start afresh with exuberant ambition. Not to mention, the art ...
I am a huge fan of the manwha, so I can confidently say that the A-1 studio did a great job in staying true to the source work. If you have not read the manwha, but enjoy the common trope, weak mc to strong mc. Then this anime is perfect for you. A lot of actions and great animations. The voice actor does a great job for the mc, makes him sound like a bad ass. If you watch a lot of shonen anime, this perfectly fits your taste. 10/10 recommend for all the WEEBS that just wants to be strong, but can't hit the ...
Dear Arima Kousei,. I truly understand how it feels to see the world in monochrome. Living in the shadows of past trauma and losing interest in something we once loved. Currently, I am still in that phase.. . I hope to find a bit of light, to be connected with someone like Kaori who can make me interested in staying alive. I've been waiting for it for 10 years, but when will she arrives? I'm tired of waiting for her!. . My opinion about this anime is a MASTERPIECE! Beautiful story, great visuals, and the best part is that this anime has fantastic music. Perhaps the only music genre anime ...
I have watched 18 episodes so I can confidently recommend this anime.. I am not a hardcore critic, I did not click on this anime hoping to see a deep and complex plot. I started watching this anime thinking it will be another trope isekai mmo anime. Does it meet the trope standard? Yes, it does and much more, it surpasses it and gives it a twist. The twist is that the MC is not fighting for his life or is transported into a different reality. He is a simple persistent gamer who enjoys playing tough games. That's THE PLOT. He is a gamer who enjoys ...
In my opinion, this anime is really good and recommended. It has a light-hearted story typical of middle school students in general and is very likely to happen in real life. When I watched it, it felt like I was seeing my past school life. Believe it or not, "Tsuki ga Kirei" resonates strongly with me.. . I truly understand what it's like to hide a relationship with a classmate because I've been through it. I also felt awkward watching scenes at the park because I've experienced it too; one of my male friends tried to approach my girlfriend. Even though we tried to keep our relationship ...
Cowboy Bebop isn't just an anime; it's a masterful tapestry of storytelling brilliance. Each thread of its narrative intricately weaves together, diving deep into the lives of its characters. From the enigmatic past of Spike to the complex journey of Faye, every character adds layers to the story, creating a captivating portrait of a dysfunctional yet endearing family united by shared experiences and a quest for redemption.. . Complementing this rich narrative is Cowboy Bebop's stunning animation, which breathes life into its vibrant universe. With fluid motion and vibrant colors, every frame is meticulously crafted to draw viewers into an immersive experience. From bustling futuristic cities to ...
Oh my gosh this miniseries is so beautiful and wholesome. The main character is adorable, and is such a strong driving force in every episode. I really like how she stays motivated despite her harsh upbringing. Definitely a good message to give to any audience.. . This may not be the battle-centric Pokémon we've become so used to, but we still have a very good and light-hearted scenery with all sorts of fun human characters, as well as all the adorable Pokémon filling this world.. . The character design is really good. I love how they get around to each Pokémons's design and the felt textures some of them ...
You know that Gordon Ramsay guy Food wars is like if his shows were good. No but in all seriousness Food Wars was Great, entertaining and funny. I would also say my favorite part of the show is when they taste something so amazing their clothes immediately come off that part is pretty Sweet that's the main funny and appeal of the show. I would say all of the characters are interesting with good backgrounds which is a plus for the show because no matter who is on screen I am invested. Overall I would say give it a watch it is awesome sauce.
This is NOT a review.. Ask these questions to yourself. Do you want to watch an epic story spanning years of adventures or perhaps generations?. Do you want to watch world building/lore so great as if the world is actually liveable/real/matters?. Do you want to watch the best characters' development?. . If there is even one of your answer to be 'yes' then just stay far away from this show. Look at something else, please.. . Now, if there is not then read again the title, the translation of it if you don't understand Japanese of course, also the synopsis.. Done? Is it interesting to you? Great! Enjoy the show and have fun!. No, seriously. ...
While Psycho-Pass 2 does fall short of the highs of it's predecessor, I didn't find it to be quite as bad in comparison as others have made it out to be. Most of the new characters (especially new villain Kamui, even if he isn't quite as charismatic or complex as Makishima was) manage to be both interesting in their own right & different enough from the cast of the first season to make this storyline feel less like a rehash of season 1... Even if certain parts of the plot do make the rehashing pretty obvious.. . Now time to go watch Psycho-Pass the Movie & the ...
The Big O remains as one of the most underrated anime’s of all time, incorporating the pros of the East and the West to create something truly magnificent. A grandiose, retro mecha-tale with one of the most unique and interesting worlds seen in anime. A high recommendation for fans of the golden age of mecha anime, following in the footsteps of Hideaki Anno’s Neon Genesis Evangelion. As my last rewatch of 2024, I can happily say The Big O has moved up exponentially on my list of the finest anime’s of all time, with my current second viewing coming 2 years after my initial discovery ...
The original Mobile Suit Gundam (MSG) was something of a sleeper hit, having failed to garner a lot of attention during its initial airing. The successful merchandising of gunpla, reruns, and other factors helped it reach a wider audience by the mid-80s. A sequel seemed inevitable. Yoshiyuki Tomino returned as the director, the legendary Kunio Okawara was once again the mechanical designer, and even Yoshikazu Yasuhiko pushed the project forward with his striking character design. The result is a confident sequel that retains the creativity of its predecessor while throwing in more than a few tricks of its own. The original MSG has been derided ...
Re:Zero is simply captivating; the second season has an incredible plot, I lack words to describe it. The involvement with the characters, the drama inserted in each of the episodes, the fear that Subaru always gets into more trouble as time passes—it gives such dynamism to the story that few works can achieve.. . To better define Re:Zero, it's a surprise; unimaginable things can happen to Subaru, and you just accept it and experience watching a story like this. The anime tackles it in a more visual way; those who read the novel carry a burden of imagination, which sometimes makes things much worse.. . This season itself carries ...
I’m not going to pretend like the plot of DieBuster isn’t complete and utter nonsense, but goddamnit I still love it. Just like GunBuster before it, this show embodies many of the qualities that made their respective eras of anime so unique and recognizable and turns them up to 11, making for an exceptionally enjoyable show if you’re into that kind of stuff.. . Boasting the now iconic style of modern Gainax, DieBuster’s world is angular, stylish, energetic, and most importantly fun. The protagonist that is Nono exudes exactly the kind of charming stupidity you’d expect from the “lovable clutz”-stereotype, and she absolutely carries the show ...
Hikikomari kyuuketsuki no monmon is one of the most interesting anime in fall 2023. The vampire girl, named Terakomari Gandesblood or Komari seems like an ordinary girl who enjoys her life as a shut-in. She considered herself as the weakest vampire. But little did she knew, she got special “abilities” and not the weakest. Alongside with her awesome maid, Villhaze, she embarked on her journey to fool everyone to thinking that she is not the weakest, but in reality she is super powerful. Together they try to face their enemies who are threatened by Komari’s past and her popularity as a Crimson Lord. They also ...
So, I have been watching this anime and waiting for the time the last episode Aires then i could write a review about it. But i can't wait anymore.... . Every single episode made me smile like I did back when i was a child. I would write everything in detail but i realized that there is not much to explain in detail. I just want to be simple: the best aspect is having your weekly serotonin. I don't know if I just felt like this. But I can't wait for the next episode to come every week.... . I definitely recommend this anime.
IN TERMS OF OVA'S GO, as an extra side episode for an already completed season, THIS IS THE PINNACLE.. . . Romance/comedy shows are some of the most subjective genres, so take this as a review done by a Yahari Ore no Seishun Love Comedy. wa Machigatteiru fanboy, but for me everything this short 23 minute OVA has incapsulates everything I love about this show (especially S1). So many callbacks of jokes from the previous season, more funny character interactions (including some more love for side. characters as well), and a plot that seamlessly fits into the show that makes this feel like an ...
Ghost In The Shell is easily one of the best films I've ever seen in terms of production.. The film is technically great, a very creative direction that likes to focus on semiotics and the surrounding atmosphere of the city, it has very good and very fluid animation, good soundtracks (although they are not a strong point of the feature film) and a very unique aesthetic.. The story is equally good, with a very good protagonist, a very interesting and well-developed theme and an intriguing narrative that manages to capture your attention even with its slow pace.. For me, the film's biggest flaw is the fact that it ...
NON-SPOILER REVIEW. . Dr. Stone is an adventure-shounen series with lots of educational stuff incorporated inside the series. Naturally, it could be quite difficult to watch for some people who are not intrigued with science stuff. I highly recommend you guys to watch the first episode and see whether you like where the plot is going or not.. . HOWEVER.... . Over the course of the series, my opinion changed drastically from what I thought a boring-educational series into a roller-coaster ride of emotions. Hilarious, thrilling, touching, all in a single series. Not to forget, the plot and characters itself are meticulously made with perfect development pace. Animations are amazing ...
What makes a manga great? What differentiates every work of fiction from the sea of other works of fiction? Is it a good story, good visuals, interesting characters? This question is highly debated and might never be even answered. However, one thing is certain. When a piece of fiction catches your interest and makes you completely engrossed in its world, in one way you become a part of it, and in another, that world from that point onward becomes a part of you.. . Going into Jujutsu Kaisen, I felt lost and was just looking for a piece of work to vent, something I could look at ...
Forget therapy, season 2 of Jujutsu Kaisen is your new emotional rollercoaster. Buckle up for teens with existential dread, enough cursed energy to power a small city, and plot twists that'll make you go "wait, what?" more times than Nobara says "釘崎野薔薇" (which is, like, a lot).. . Thrilling Plot and Worldbuilding: The Shibuya Incident is a masterclass in escalating tension and unexpected twists. It dives deeper into the jujutsu world, its power dynamics, and the characters' motivations.. but Plot Consistency? Never heard of her. It's more like a game of jujutsu charades, where you guess what's happening based on vibes and flashy animation. One moment you're chilling ...
A Sign of Affection is just a simple love story between a hearing-impaired girl and a globetrotter boy, but that's exactly what makes this show stands out. It shows how they can fall in love normally and how attraction transcends mere words. I don't know what people expect from the anime, but if you're looking for tear jerking drama, traumatic backstory, or a token character; you're not gonna get it here. The anime focus on how healthy communication starts from 2 people opening up their world.. The characters are what made the story for me. Yuki might look like you typical shy girl with the lack ...
Ijiranaide Nagatoro-San is a good anime as far as a romance like this can be good, the art is well done and well structured and doesn't disappoint at any moment, overall an anime where a girl is in love with the character she bullies all the time is somewhat cliché, but not enough for the anime to be terrible, the characters have a certain identity which helps a lot, overall I think there are some elements missing for the romance to progress more quickly, but I think the pace of the anime is a bit slower anyway.. . Reviewer Score: 7/10
Some analyses of "Zom 100: Zombie ni Naru made ni Shitai 100 no Koto" overlook its underlying themes and intentions. Contrary to a simple zombie survival narrative, the series delves into existentialism and the pursuit of a meaningful life within a post-apocalyptic scenario. The protagonist, Akira, endeavors to fulfill a bucket list upon recognizing the emptiness of his exploitative lifestyle, symbolizing a search for purpose beyond mere survival. The show effectively critiques societal norms associated with work and underscores the significance of embracing life to its fullest.. . While some viewers criticize the show's comedic aspects, its animation and visual style are commended for their fluidity and ...
I recently indulged in a Chinese anime for some casual entertainment on Crunchyroll. Despite the absence of Japanese dub, which I anticipated, the switch to Chinese felt odd after being accustomed to Japanese dub for so long. Opting for English dub proved to be a middle-ground experience, with my previous encounter being the 2022 Naruto dub. My anime journey has now spanned over 9,596 episodes.. . In a nutshell, this anime follows a familiar pattern, resembling others I've watched countless times. However, the final two episodes delivered an exhilarating experience, reminiscent of the intensity found in series like Mob Psycho 100 and Puella Magi Madoka Magica: Rebellion. ...
I really enjoyed this show. I haven't read the light novel but intend to because I think the light novel will have much more to offer in terms of lore and story telling. My main issues were with the subtitles as there were errors or badly placed.. . Story: 8 - Definitely a slow burn. There were some points I was a little lost, this may be due to issues with the subtitles. It was gripping. Iwant to know more about the characters and the history of the characters.. . Art: 9 - Beauitful. Though my one issue was how the corpse brides looked, it wasn't good ...
Starting in a futuristic and sci-fi place landscape, with the high school male main character who has just woken up from sleep in a bit of a hurry, suddenly a fortune teller broadcast on TV mentions unexpected things, the main character is on his way to school, and he's meet other characters who will be in the harem, and so on... I'm also a bit disturbed by the harem scene that can be called illegal things, maybe yall saw it too but I don't know if this is different from censorship. . When I watched the last episode I was very relieved, even though the storyline was ...
It’s giving ✨creepy✨ and it’s giving ✨stalker✨. . In all seriousness, at the start, it really was. However, my initial raising-an-eyebrow-out-of-confusion-and-worry feelings about the story and characters slowly faded as the story progressed and explained why the two characters were drawn to each other. Ryang-Ha and Chateau were some interesting characters that delighted me with their scenes together.. . Admittedly, the beginning was a little slow but not painstakingly so. It was still fun. Once the plot did pick up some speed, it became more enjoyable to watch. And yes, the anime does leave us needing (and in my case, wanting) more, making it incomplete. It would have been ...
This is the oldest known piece of Japanese animation, so it’s going to be difficult to write a thorough review of it, but I guess I’ll try.. . The film is extremely basic. A guy writes "moving pictures" and bows, there isn't really much of a plot or character development. The art is simple, but it's readable and holds up quite well. There isn't any sound, which makes sense since there's no real need for it.. . Despite how basic this film is though, you should still definitely check it out, especially if you have an interest in art or animation history! It's extremely short, only 3 minutes ...
This is isekai narrowed down to its pure essence—people losing their minds over food every few minutes. I thought it would get repetitive but somehow it was funny every time. I loved seeing what foods would come up, and in what over the top ways it would be impactful to the characters.. . The focus here isn’t on deep plots or characters. Instead, it’s a great chill vibe that gets you to think about everyday life from different perspectives. Despite it meandering a bit, the different storylines intersect in some interesting ways. It pulled me in and was easy to binge my way through.. . If you like ...
In short, BanG Dream MyGO is absolutely outstanding. Not just a great BanG Dream anime, but a great anime in general.. . The show is a massive departure from the mess that made up the original anime trilogy. The plot has an actual sense of direction and cohesiveness, for one. For two, the writers have dropped the kira-kira doki-doki-ness, which I think is for the better. How more many generic wholesome music anime do we need?. . The story features heaps of internal and external conflict as the girls battle their pasts, themselves, and their fellow musicians. The drama never feels too heavy handed, yet has enough weight ...
The genre of comedy is probably one of the hardest genres to master. Since comedy is extremely subjective, it can be really hard to produce a comedic masterpiece. As a result, I have a lot of respect for Saiki K, as I think it achieved what many other comedic works wish to achieve.. . Story: 10. Note - This anime doesn't really have much of a story. Rather, it's episodic and features different scenarios in each episode.. Saiki K is easily one of the best written comedy anime of all time. Usually, comedies tend to be hit or miss, especially on an episode to episode basis. Yet, nearly ...
I’m not sure why this series was so underrated/hyped. My working hypothesis is that the gaming focus narrowed the potential audience quite a bit, and so many other great shows came out in the season that it got lost in the shuffle. It also relies a lot on “cringe” moments as part of the humor, but to me that is just part of the show’s charm. It also makes sense given the context of how the protagonist is presented in the beginning of the show. Personally, this was my 2nd favorite show for the season behind only Attack on Titan and is the only new ...
Super cute anime, this doesn't have a big plot that involves tons of fighting or anything like that, this is more of a laid back cute show that can touch your emotions a bit if you have any. Aside from episode 3 the rest of the episodes are more cute and some are wholesome especially episode 6. A tamer on her journey of just trying to find a place where she belongs and can be accepted, she doesn't want to become the strongest or revenge, she just wants to be accepted and to be able to live in peace.. . The animation is nice, and the two ...
I’ve never watched a series that so perfectly encapsulates the iyashikei genre. Everything about it is so warm and simple, I’m shocked that so few people bring up this series when discussing the slice of life genre. However, I think one of the main things that turns people away from this show is how it seems like a show made for shotacons at first glance, but trust me, it’s not that in the slightest!. . Shounen Maid is a slice of life series about Komiya Chihiro, an 11 year-old boy whose mother passed away. But when he happens to run into his uncle who he had never ...
Are you tired of every anime being set in Japan and feeling like it's a waste more of them don't make use of the rest of the world's history and culture? Well then fear not "91 days" is an anime that is placed in the west during the years of prohibition and focuses on the world of mafia, alcohol trafficking and vengeance.. . Plot: I would argue the first episode of this anime does an amazing job at situating the viewers and presenting the story and our main characters' goal and motivations. It all starts with our MC as a kid happily living with his family ...
Monotonous Purgatory is (to my knowledge, this number may be five) the third of three oil-on-glass films directed by Shiroki Saori. Monotonous Purgatory is a music video done in collaboration with the Tokyo-based band matryoshka for their 2012 album Laideronnette. The overall animation is quite stunning. Oil upon glass gives off a very unique look that you will not see anywhere else. The song itself is quite interesting. Despite being a bit hard to hear (for me at least), as long as you read the lyrics prior or during, you should understand what the vocalist is saying.. . I will not try to interpret what Monotonous Purgatory ...
The ultimate anti-social gamer fantasy.. Gets summoned into a video game as a demon lord and instantly enslave 2 attractive women. And eventual create a harem.. . The main character Takuma Sakamoto is great at MMOs but has no social life, and has to do his best to play the role of demon lord (Diablo) to keep others from knowing his true nature.. . To the anime's credit Takuma is not depicted as some disgusting stereotype. He's just a guy who is really into this MMO and has a powerful avatar so he inherits all the powers of that character.. Its video game power fantasy and there's nothing wrong with ...
This was such a fucking wonderful journey i can't even explain, this whole series is an embodiment of, i don't know how to explain it to "simple" people. There is something about it that feels like "wow, this feels alright, the nature and people and worlds contact it feels somehow right".. . Who would i recomend this anime to ??? - i don't fucking know. ( there isn't really a certain group of people who would enjoy this, it comes from the person and theirs view of things ).. . Music / Art / Frame - of this anime ?? - 11/10 there's something about ...
8/10. . "Ijiranaide, Nagatoro-san" is a surprising anime to me because, firstly, I never though I'd watch it, as I thought the premisse was very unappealing (mainly due to what everyone knows, the bullying part) and secondly because when I started it, I planned on quitting because I wasn't enjoying it very much. And what surprised me was that I actually ended up loving the show and the second season was very good. So I will make a recap of my "Ijiranaide, Nagatoro-san" watching "journey":. . - The teasing in the first 3/4 episodes was kinda uncomfortable, I have to admit; honestly, the jokes ...
Kaiji: Ultimate Survivor revolves around a deceptively simple yet captivating premise. It unveils a world where fortunes pivot on high-stakes gambles, and individuals are propelled by the pursuit of wealth or debt relief. Each player harbors a compelling motive to participate, whether driven by the prospect of striking it rich or escaping financial ruin. Despite the apparent recklessness, the show delves into the psychology of risk-taking, portraying how individuals are willing to wager everything for a chance at prosperity. The antagonist, an avaricious old man overseeing the proceedings, embodies the ruthless pursuit of profit, serving as a formidable adversary whose rationale revolves around relentless wealth ...
This capital R Rocks, recently I started reading windbreaker and I loved all those fellas and the story but it was lacking the one thing this show has and it's style and heart. Like holy hell this show has it in spades.. . Agreeing with what most people point out that this is just ripped out of late 90's early 2000's anime, however it is filled with the current pizzaz's that newer anime have.. . I think one of the problems I can see happening here is the same issue mashle and other over powered mc's have where it's hard to create a threat, however I think what ...
You really need to give this one a chance. I know it starts of like a sword art online cop out, but this one ends up being what I wish sword art online became... The final boss battle of the season goes on for 4 episodes towards the end, and every second is nothing short of absolutely amazing. No interruptions, just pure unadulterated chaos!. . And I just love the main protagonist. Reminds of a super hardcore Dark Souls player who tests his limits and patience for the pleasure of destroying OP bosses. This anime deserves so much more than score of 7.99. . Kinda makes me worry about ...
Hunter x Hunter (2011) excels with its painstakingly constructed story, varied and well-developed characters, and a distinctive power system, going beyond conventional shonen clichés. The benefits are evident, even though the 148 episodes and beginning world-building will take some time to complete and will need patience. From Gon's straightforward objective, the narrative unfurls into a complex tapestry of aspiration, grief, and social institutions. Every storyline defies expectations, shocking audiences with intricate plots and morally nuanced characters. A rollercoaster of emotions with a masterful balance between heartwarming moments and devastating disasters awaits you.. . Put an end to clichéd heroes and villains. The ensemble of Hunter x Hunter ...
This film made me cry. Not just tear up, but cry. Properly sob. I will endeavour to talk about this film more, but I think this has to be put up-front because it has NEVER happened to me before. I mean never. This is why I have to give it the score I've given it, because I cannot plausibly have a film hit me on an emotional level I have never experienced before and give it anything else. It hit VERY close to home for me, and I will talk a bit (as impersonally as I can) about why, but that emotional response comes above ...
This 2 OVAs deserve higher score. This time the MC is not Soma, but Aldini's brothers and Erina. Characters well-rounded, faithful to the series. I love Takumi, he is one of my favorite characters, and I love seeing his cooking with his brother. As italian, I think it's impossibile not liking Aldini's brothers. Honestly I want to see more of Takumi, seeing him cook and above all SPEAK ITALIAN is wonderful. I also loved Erina's ova, I like the development she is having. PS. Takumi seems in love with Soma😂 You will enjoy it cuz funny and good story as always.
Genually a banger,never misses,each op is fire and the story is nice.The voice for the mc shocked me at first but after watching it for a while it started growing to me and it really fits percival.The manga is also really good so if you are impatiant i recommend reading the manga then watching the show on the side.The characters are good besides anna but she gets better later on and grows to be one of my favourite:). All the hate is misslead as the story writining is heavily improved compared to seven deadly sins,its like comparing a kindegarden student to a highschool student in a ...
"Eden of The East" kinda left me with mixed emotions. Not gonna lie, I don't understand my feeling after finishing this anime. The big point of the show is pretty clear – talking about shaking up the economy, the whole old gen vs. new gen drama, and how messed up the work/study/life grind can be. But, it also felt like there were a bunch of holes in the story that just didn’t get filled (yes, I'll watch other 2 movies hoping that it'll explain everything, but truth be told, I wish I wouldn't). You know, these are 2 types of show that leave you hanging:. . 1) ...
Jujutsu Kaisen season 2 has become infamous for terrible working conditions and a lot of crunching, but does the amount of effort poured into something represent the quality of the product? Don't get me wrong this anime has really good fights and also the fight scenes are fantastic; have I already said how amazing the action is? And I'm not dissing the animators: I fully understand why some of them thought about committing suicide. It is everything aside from fight scenes that's mediocre to say at least, assuming, of course, the adaptation is faithful and didn't butcher the manga. The JJK manga has nothing outstanding ...
I will do two of my main cons and pros about this anime!. . So to start off this anime is not for everyone as its extremely deep and the art style is old what some people complain about with is completely pathetic but anyway. This anime I would recommend if you have watched over 100 anime at least its not for new watches in the slightest I'm a heartless bastard so you probably might need way more experience to actually enjoy something like this!. . First ill go over the con's the bad things about this anime. The dubbed is absolutely horrific I'm personally a dubbed watcher but ...
Its another one of those anime where a crazy girl (Uzaki) stalks and harasses a guy (Sakurai) who's just minding his business.. . But to the guy's credit he's not a pushover and actually fights back.. The girl's only redeeming qualities is that she has big boobs.. She justs Never Shuts The Fck Up.. . She is very loud and in his face. And cant take a hint to get lost.. And doesnt phrase her sentences properly so that they dont sound like sexual innuendos. And everyone around thinks they're a couple or having sex.. . Uzaki sees Sakurai as a loser because he's a loner. When in reality there is absolutely ...
Amazing show, massive praise to the Writer who shows a mature understanding of human emotions with its subtle references to religion, desires and purpose all done masterfully. The fantasy elements are not unique, but the low stakes adventure gives perfect space to create three dimensional characters who have realistic wants, which also helps make the comedic aspects of the show funny! (I now love mimics!). . Whilst the story alone would give this a high rating, wonderful art style and stellar animation solidifies the show as a masterpiece, very enjoyable, anyone who doesn't need constant action will like this series (though there are also good action scenes!) ...
Betwixt premise conception and concept adaptation lies a philosophical passion which exudes brilliance. With the absence of hell and demons it becomes clear that anathema can coincide with peace in empyrean domains; duality itself is part of any form of existence, creation and creators... divine or not. It can be said that this series is the most beautiful Shakespearean tragedy to ever grace a visual format. Keep in mind I haven't read the manga though, so I may not know what changes were possibly made or if anything was missing or taken out. So from this perspective my disposition is that ...
To be honest, at first glance i thought the show was kind of boring and just slow. But i definitely changed my mind because this is damn peak fiction. Everything of this show deserves its position on the ranking right now (or i'm just exaggerating lol).. First of all, the music is done really well. It's not too special ( i don't really like the first opening song btw), but man i sure love the background music. They always give you that fantasy world vibe, which i hardly see any fantasy anime can achieve.. The story, well i must say it's a refreshing point of view, ...
Title: A Mesmerizing Epic: Sousou no Frieren Will Steal Your Heart!. . Sousou no Frieren is an absolute masterpiece that effortlessly blends breathtaking artwork, compelling storytelling, and profound character development into a truly unforgettable manga experience. From its captivating premise to its emotional depth, every aspect of this series is crafted with meticulous care, resulting in a journey that will leave readers utterly spellbound.. . First and foremost, the artwork in Sousou no Frieren is nothing short of spectacular. Each panel is a work of art in itself, intricately detailed and brimming with emotion. The character designs are striking and expressive, perfectly capturing the essence of each individual and ...
Now I’ll admit, I’m not really into musical anime. While I do appreciate the ideas of music used in any show, most of the time, they felt one-sided and too gimmicky for my personal liking. At least to me, the use of musicals isn’t really executed well due to how they’re portrayed as background themes instead of story purposes. But there’s one anime that caught my attention and I’ve been a huge fan ever since. Of course, I’m referring to arguably KineCi’s best show, Revue Starlight. When I started watching this, I was keeping my expectations in check for the most part solely because again, ...
I want to give this an 8, but I can only justify a 7. Was this completely genius? Absolute nonsense? All of the above? One thing is for sure, it was intellectually fascinating. I just know there are deeper themes and symbolism here that I'm not fully understanding which would help me appreciate it more. The last three or four episodes wrap things up in rather messy fashion, leaving us with a fairly disappointing conclusion that falls flat. I've read the Epic of Gilgamesh before and I don't recall anything in it that matches up to what we get here, except perhaps a very ...
Bro.. The people that are hating on this anime is just like wtf?? The art was great, they had amazing voice actors, and the story is a masterpiece. However, the reason why I wouldn't give it a ten is purely because the anime skipped, or switched up what was written in the light novel. However it isn't really their fault as they had only 12 episodes to work with.. . For the people that are saying 'Yea but the anime is so unrealistic, like what are the chances that the MC's neighbor is the angel from school and blah blah blah...' I don't understand these people. Literally ...
This anime just gave me the Monster Hunter vibe, and I freaking love MH series. So…. This anime is not just telling a dungeon exploring and fighting story. It also provided us a unique “The Solitary Gourmet But in the Dungeon” scenario. For me it just hit the spot. Besides, I found this masterpiece start reading the manga 2-3years ago as soon as I arrived in Japan. It is truly one of my destiny kind of things. I really enjoyed the manga too,I just love all of it. So I really surprised when I found this anime got only 7.7point. I just thought it can be placed ...
Okay so I got to watch the Dumpster battle today at the premiere day! (Warning: a little spoilers ahead) I could gush about Haikyuu all day because of how personable those characters feel to me (thanks to its great character writing) but I'll just keep this simple:. . The movie was GREAT! I CRIED! 😭 the boy to my left was secretly weeping 🥹🤭 as a manga reader the pacing didn't feel rushed to me, I guess it was fine, it's been a while since I read the manga tho, but honestly I always feel like the Karasuno vs Nekoma match would be great in a movie ...
This is the best singular season of any "sports" anime I have ever watched, and the reason it's in captions is because this was more than a story about boxing. It was a beautiful depiction of a broken man, a man that was so successful but so shattered into pieces, it's a story of that man reinventing and reinserting himself into his past life with the help of amazingly written characters along the way. From his old companions from season 1 to newer characters that were introduced here. All of them played a huge significant part in Joe's story, and how he looks at the ...
Its not really a rom com and should not be viewed as such. Its more of a slice of life, growing up story. It depicts teenage anxiety, the struggle to handle your emotions and struggle to find your place in the world very well. Although the show did need to be polished a bit more,the first episode really lets it down but it get much better later on. Overall I enjoyed it, it's worth the watch.. Filler Filler Filler apparently i need more words Filler Filler Filler i hope this works. Dammit.. Filler Filler Filler how about now... Still no. Why do they need a ...
If medieval fantasy piques your interest, Spice and Wolf might just be your cup of tea. This tale follows the journey of Lawrence, a merchant, and Horo, a wolf goddess, as they traverse together and forge a profound connection. What sets this series apart is its focus on economic conflicts rather than typical swordplay, lending ample room for robust character development. The romance between Lawrence and Horo blossoms organically over time, with the pacing finely tuned. The animation is skillfully crafted, drawing viewers into its immersive world, complemented by effective sound and voice acting. Both Horo and Lawrence are captivating protagonists, and their bond is ...
Im sure this anime activated a fetish some people didn't know they had.. With all the spit swapping, finger sucking, scissors in panties, sweat liking, and lesbian undertones.. . Its a story of a boy Akira Tsubaki who falls in love with a new transfer girl Mikoto Urabe after looking into her eyes.. He ends up tasting her saliva under some pretty gross circumstances. And gets hooked on it like a drug.. One can only imagine how hooked he'd get if he tasted her 🐈🤔. . Akira is the average high schooler.. Urabe on the other hand is anything but normal. She's the weird mysterious girl who keeps to herself and ...
"Toromitsu Musume no Hitou Service: Torottoro Churu Churu Gohoushi Sasete Kudasai" is a delightful anime that effortlessly blends adorable characters, heartwarming moments, and a dash of comedy into an enchanting package that keeps viewers hooked from start to finish.. . One of the most charming aspects of this anime is its cast of characters, each with their own unique quirks and personalities. From the sweet and earnest protagonist to the mischievous yet lovable supporting characters, every member of the cast adds depth and charm to the story. Whether they're embarking on quirky adventures or simply sharing heartfelt moments together, their interactions never fail to bring a smile ...
It's really hard to find good romance shows, the genre is overwhelmingly dominated by trashy wish-fulfillment, sloppy stereotype-hunting, or goofy romcoms.. . But Kimi wa Houkagi Insomnia isn't any of that, it's what I would call a "true romance" anime.. It doesn't provide any fanservice, 24/7 over the top humor, or wish-fulfillment. Instead it focuses on two things: Personal growth (i.e. regarding insomnia) and the development of a relationship between the two protagonists. The way those themes are handled is incredibly organic and the characters feel unique without being over the top or unrealistic. No "love on first sight" or "safe the damsel in distress" tropes, just two ...
Objectively, this show, is not good. The writing is subpar. Its a bit wish fulfill-y. The zombies really aren't interesting and the action and tension in the plot aren't much to write home about. To be clear though, I have autism and trains are a special interest and ughghghghg these trains go so hard and I pretty much only watch the show for them and I was not disappointed. Well, that'd be a lie cause I also watch this show for train mommy (Yukina my beloved). If you don't have autism for trains like me then you might be best not watching it
Combine the Brave series with an edgy mecha OVA, and you get D-1 Devastator. D-1 Devastator is an anime adaptation of a video game by Takara, the company behind several transforming vehicle toylines like Transformers and the Brave series. As such, the OVA contains several mecha that transform from vehicles; however, these mecha are not sentient and are piloted from within by humans.. . The story is reminiscent of 80s OVAs like Zeorymer and Detonator Orgun in that it features a young man in the near future who is involved with a defense organization to save the world from eldritch monsters -- in this case, aliens ...
In short, this show had one of the strongest 1st seasons of any anime ever. Absolutely, do not miss 10/10. But the 2nd season made one of the most inexplicable decisions in all of fiction, they basically skipped like a middle third, a super important character, a large chunk of world building and backstory for no apparent reason whatsoever. So watch the first season, you'll love it. Don't even bother with the 2nd, just jump straight to the manga at chapter 38 and finish the story from there. I found the story gripping throughout, even though it never quite captured the magic of the first ...
Gegege no Kitarou is one of those anomalies in anime where, despite massive success in Japan and airing a new season ceremoniously every decade, it is practically unheard of in the western community. However, when you think of it in terms of marketability for the West, it does make sense. The entire franchise is filled to the brim with Japanese social commentary, and the very foundation of the series is based on Japanese Youkai and folktales, which is why it’s so fascinating to see the most recent iteration, in 2018, simulcast on Crunchyroll. What’s more fascinating is how it happens that this season is so ...
Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka, also known as Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon?, is an anime series that takes viewers on a thrilling adventure through the depths of a dangerous dungeon. With its unique blend of action, comedy, and fantasy elements, the series offers a captivating and enjoyable viewing experience.. . . The animation quality of Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka is visually appealing, bringing the world of Orario to life with vibrant colors and detailed backgrounds. The character designs are distinctive and well-crafted, perfectly capturing the essence of each character ...
Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka Gaiden: Sword Oratoria takes us on an exciting and immersive journey that runs parallel to the main series. With its unique perspective and focus on the members of Loki Familia, this spin-off anime offers a fresh and engaging experience for fans of the original series.. . . The animation quality is top-notch, capturing the fantastical world of Orario with stunning visuals and attention to detail. The intricate dungeon designs, bustling city streets, and intense battle sequences are brought to life in vivid colors and fluid motion. The animation effectively highlights the action and showcases the growth of the ...
In all honestly I've tried looking for some new anime but none of them were like the old romance animes from 2010-19 era. This is super cheesy and while the age difference is crazy people should watch it for the vibes and completely ignore the age aspect. The story is ofc very predictable because it gives the old vibes and the background music or osts are very similar to akagami no shirayuki hime which is one of my favourite anime!! The female mc is cute the male mc is understanding and the animation is spectacular. All in all a really good anime I think everyone ...
At this point what is not generic???. This is one of those shows that are simply good because it has funny moments, decent plot, fan service, etc…. If you want to see a light anime for fun, i think this would be a good choice.. I’m not saying this is the best thing in the world but it’s decent!🫡.. I’ll update the review once season 2 comes out. I don’t think it will be good as season 1 tho. We all know how the anime industry have been flopping newer seasons…. (I think this anime might be more for the male audience, i cant provide an insight because i ...
I'm here for everything that this piece will provide us with.. . The episode flow, the accuracy of the anime to the manga, voices, character development, storyline, the emotions that can make you feel.. so many small details combined and creating what we have here.. . Couldn't have imagined that an anime could be so magnetising.. . Story / Character ~10~. . The story is wrapped around the mysteries that happened in the fictional country modelled after Imperial China. We can assume that the anime could be set in 15th-century China, judging by the clothing worn by women in that period, it is very similar to the ones worn by ...
This anime trully encapsulates the beauty of studio bones, and what a beauty it is!. . Terrific animantion, espectacular soundtrack, complex and intriguing characters an even deeper (possibly convuluted) storyline, wich is to be expected out of this kind of dystopian storytelling.. . Altough the start is a bit slow, the battle music kicks-in in a way that just takes you straight into the action, as well as the very suiting op and ed.. . The animation style makes each characther memorable and unique wich translates really well into the robots fight for freedom as well as the main charachters purpose in the story, think of a "Pluto" type of ...
Underrated series. I guess some people don't like sad Anime like this.. But that makes it far more realistic. So if you want an Anime without any plot power this is it.. Animation: 9/10. Story: 10/10. Romance: 8/10. Action:9/10. Characters: 10/10 (okay i overrated other aspects but this one is genuine). One of my favourites. Jut be prepared for Depression after finishing it.. . Apparently i need to write more to post. But i don't want to give any spoilers. Now that i think about it how many people would read my review? Would anyone read it? Is my review even goo? I just conveyed what i felt. Also thanks for reading these bullshit.
I don't know what it comes down to. Maybe it's the color composition and background art. Maybe it's the contrast of digital vs. hand-drawn animation. Maybe it's the fact that the characters are all adults or at least adult-looking, rather than children or teenagers. Maybe it's a combination. Maybe it's all of the above. Maybe it's something I'm missing. Whatever the case, watching fantasy anime from before the advent of Sword Art Online is a wild, quasi-mystical experience. They just have such a different look and feel to them. The result is a world that instantly captivated me from its opening sequence.. . In today's day and ...
Its the story of two highschoolers.. A high class girl Kaguya Shinomiya, and an over achiever Miyuki Shirogane.. . They're in a love-hate relationship because they each secretly love each other but their egos prevent them from being the first to confess.. So they try their utmost to get the other to confess first.. . You get to hear both their inner thoughts as they scheme and struggle to figure out ways to get close to each other without making it obvious.. Usually using their eccentric air-head friend Chika Fujiwara as a pawn.. . The narrator does a great job at keeping the story funny and interesting with ...
Quite possibly the best anime I’ve ever seen. Every single character is layered and interesting. The show will constantly leave you wondering “what the heck is going on” in the absolute best way possible. Everything about this show is engaging and it’s very unique.. . I would highly recommend giving it a watch. There is both whimsy and suspense around every corner that will keep you hooked for hours on end.. . Also the art style is very unique and refreshing. I do love classic anime style, but this show pushes into a whole different direction that makes it stand out and fits the vibe of the ...
Cautious Hero is a lot like KonoSuba, in that it is a meta work of art satirizing the isekai genre. You are highly likely to have a decent time with it no matter what, and if you have a taste for this kind of humor, you’ll have a great time!. . The premise is that, in the Divine Realm, summoning people from our world to save fantasy worlds is a fully gamified system where each world is given a letter rank, all the way up to S, according to the severity and difficulty of the danger currently threatening it. Ristarte, a newbie goddess, gets assigned an S-rank ...
The remarkable thing about the Overlord franchise is that it just gets better and better with every season, which is why, at this point, I am saying that you absolutely must watch this show, void of any and all reservations. Everything I said I liked about its previous seasons still holds true, but it comes with the added bonus of Ainz truly coming into his own as a villain in this latest installment.. . I did not believe the franchise could top the dramatic ending of season 3, but it did, and then some. There was just such a sheer amount of “HOLY SHIT!” moments this time ...
Chillin’ in My 30s is easily one of the most wholesome media I have ever had the pleasure to watch and some of the most pleasantly spent 4 hours of my life.. . I’m probably being a touch too dramatic, because it’s really got nothing special going on, but in a sense, therein lies its charm. It’s just really, really, really nice. I honestly haven’t got much to say. The title pretty much says it all. Dariel is a soldier in the Demon King’s army, but gets fired because his inability to use magic makes him useless. After aimlessly wandering through the forest, he encounters Marika, a ...
Everything I said about the previous season still holds true. As such, if you’ve enjoyed S1, then there’s really nothing to say. Go ahead and watch it right now. You’ll have a great time!. . The one thing I’ll say is that, as is the destiny of all one-note gags, the shpiel with him misunderstanding the events of the isekai, interpreting them as simple RP, but somehow acting in such a manner that leads to the otherworlders also misunderstanding him as being omniscient and infallible, yeah, that gets a bit old.. . This is also a consequence of the fact that the drama and stakes of S2 get significantly ...
In 2005, Nathan Poe made internet history by stating that without clear indication of irony, there is no way to create a parody of Creationist views without at least someone mistaking it for the genuine article. His maxim has since been generalized and broadly applied to the idea of satire. Without a clear indicator of the author's intent, any parodic or sarcastic expression can be mistaken by some readers for a sincere expression. It is known as Poe’s Law.. . Have you ever met anyone who complains that people don’t get their sarcasm? That people are too stupid to understand their sarcasm? That their sarcasm is so ...
Metallic Rogue features mecha-inspired designs and cyberpunk aesthetics reminiscent of 90's Blade Runner franchise.. . In a futuristic post-war society where society revolves around the coexistence of humans and androids. Rouge Redstar, an chocoholic android girl, and her partner Naomi Ortmann, undertake a mission to Mars. Their objective is to discover and eliminate the Immortal Nine, a faction of rebellious androids posing a threat to the government and society.. . The series promises a deep exploration of themes such as AI ethics, rebellion, societal treatment of androids post-war, and the world’s dependence on a critical resources.. . It felt like an odd anime at first, and I had to ...
I’ve been complaining lately that I cannot find any isekai to watch that take themselves and the premise of the genre seriously. In truth, I feel like I can count the number of shows that meet that criterion on one hand. The rest of them either do not weave in the concept of the origin world to any meaningful degree, which makes the isekai trapping functionally unnecessary, or they’re meta works of art explicitly parodying conventions of the genre.. . The fact that I’ve had such a long dry spell in terms of unironic isekai may be the reason why I enjoyed Artifureta as much as I ...
Another Great Makoto Shinkai Anime!. . This is another great anime from Makoto Shinkai. The music is by Radwimps which is excellent as always. Worth spending two hours just to watch this.. . Suzume is your teenage girl who has lost her mother during the tsunami disaster. She was able to go through a door after the disaster, finding her 'lost mother' who advised her to return and live happily. Raised by her aunt, Suzume is a precocious teenager who decided to turn rebellious when meet up with a mysterious guy who closes doors. Thus the adventure begins.. . Somehow the anime has all the great stuff that we all ...
An Anime That Is Slice of Life With Advice. . This is an anime that shows how a bottom rung guy in real life able to navigate the real life world and not be content being top in his own gaming world. Not ideal to get advice from such anime but it does have some truth in it.. . The game background premise connects the male MC with the female MC. It is from there that the female MC decides to teach or give pointers to the male MC how to succeed in the game of life. Intrigued, the male MC agrees to be coached as to how ...
Jigokuraku is one of the best anime of its season, and possibly one of the most intriguing and interesting one ever.. . The first season was interesting enough to make me buy the first manga volume (for the art and for the sake of collection).. . While most anime are your cookie cutter simplistic hero vs villain story, whether using an isekai world or not, Jigokuraku is anything but generic. It approaches the human condition and touches on topics that are far more mature than the audience shonen anime is intended for.. . Jigokuraku explores the human condition whether it is fear, acceptance, sacrifice, lies and deception, strength and weakness ...
Nominally a love letter to bishoujo games, 16bit Sensation is actually about the importance of having passionate interests and using them to indulge your imagination.. . With her singleminded focus on creating a great bishoujo game, Konoha, the heroine, annoying voice aside, is one the most relatable otaku ever to grace an anime. Her foil and co-conspirator, Mamoru, who initially dislikes Konoha, slowly comes around over the course of the series because of his own passion for the long-since-discontinued PC-98.. . With colorful and frankly beautiful character animation (Konoha’s faces alone are worth the price of admission) the story leans into what anime does best: be crazy and over-the-top.. . As ...
Really surprised there are so many not recommended verdicts for this series.. . Is it a generic isekai progression? Sure. MC spends all season still testing his upper limits, so pretty much an origin season.. . Is there anything super surprising? No it's about everything you expect in OP MC Isekai stories.. . But, it was done in a way that was still enjoyable. And the thing that sets this apart from many others in the generic isekai genre, is the comedic timing. I thought it was gold. Maybe I'm just too corny. But there were many moments I burst out laughing out loud and thought it was great.
This anime was a great discovery, a true hidden gem that I'm happy I was able to find. Colorful deals with very important themes such as depression, suicide or self-discovery through a brilliant narrative and with an incredible hardness but at the same time sweetness.. . A film that is divided into two parts: the first hour and the second hour. The first hour is among the saddest things I've ever seen where, due to the protagonist's constant mistakes, we are faced with heartbreaking situations. But in the second part, the protagonist, Makoto, undergoes a profound change and thanks to the help of his first friend, he ...
A short doujinshi that was sold at a comic convention, just like Mahou shoujo Diana and Yayoi, both of which I have already reviewed. All of them have a certain home-made amateur charm that I've never seen on other anime. They also have H scenes, and were discovered pretty recently, previously being lost media to the West.. . There is a lack of voices and written dialogue, so a lot of things are left up to your imagination. There seems to be a storyline but all the scenes start and end abruptly.. . Don't expect much, just appreciate the unique art style and wacky scenarios. I'd only recommend ...
KimiKiss: Pure Rouge stood out primarily due to the pacing and romance narrative. Unlike typical harem-romance tropes, it avoided clichés like summer beach retreats, opting instead for a more realistic setting. This departure from the norm minimized predictable misunderstandings, allowing the show to focus on authentic slice-of-life moments, resulting in well-rounded characters and a compelling storyline.. . However, it isn't flawless, particularly in its lead-up to the ending. While it tied up loose ends neatly, I found the character developments leading to the conclusion somewhat jarring. Around the two-thirds mark, characters underwent abrupt changes, building up unnecessary drama that tainted my overall impression of the series. Nonetheless, ...
ef - a tale of memories offers a refreshing approach to the romance genre by sidestepping common tropes and instead intertwining multiple narratives, each offering a distinct perspective on love and relationships. Central to its appeal is the profound emotional journey of characters like Renji and Chihiro, whose relationship is both relatable and profoundly moving.. . However, the series is not without its shortcomings. Some storylines feel underdeveloped, such as the love triangle involving Kei, Hiro, and Miyako, which pales in comparison to the depth of Renji and Chihiro's arc. Additionally, certain characters lack the complexity and depth found in others.. . Visually, the animation is striking, characterized by ...
Ok, let's get this out of the way first. This is an anime which borders on hentai, so if that bothers you then this is not for you.. . Now then, what makes this so great? Not the plot, this is more or less a typical Mahou Shoujo, there is a (probably evil) plushie which gives girls powers, the animation is fine, not amazing not terrible, and the characters are mid as well.. . BUT the MC is just so good, she is just evil, there is no real motivation, no tragic past, no desire to protect, no goal to achieve, no force majeure. She is just a girl ...
First of all, I haven't read the manga so I won't be able to make comparisons between Miura's manga and this first adaptation from 1997 but I can only talk about the latter as I've only seen this one. I honestly didn't know what to expect from this anime: a friend of mine who was a fan of the series had advised me against seeing this adaptation as it wasn't at the level of the manga but after reading a lot of positive reviews, I took courage and dove into this adventure of 25 episodes and now, after finishing it, I can say I made ...
In exploring a seemingly hopeless future it manages to evoke hope and reshape your vision of the world. It's more than a feel good story, it felt like a helping hand when I was sinking into the difficulties of everyday life.. . The story is a unique perspective on zombie apocalypse. The art style is absolutely gorgeous, but talking about it is a bit of a spoiler. The characters are well rounded, well developed and enchanting in the manner they change and carry themselves. The way they react to the world is deeply humane.. . I think this is an anime for everyone.
Are you someone who has played the game & aware of storyline, then don't bother reading my review of this anime. You are better off reading a review of someone who know about the game.. . My review is strictly for an anime only viewer. I have no clue about the contents of game. I have watched Englist dub, so that's also something that should be considered.. . All that being said, I am somewhat impressed by the show. Among many game based shows, this is one of the better ones with better pace, better story, better plotline & better art.. . Sure not everything is positive about this show. If ...
Man, that's the kind of movie I needed from Ghibli.. . There's this melancholy about the film, about growing older, with the most founding memories being from your youngest days. A woman reminisces about her life as a bratty kid that didn't know of her fortune, and misfortunes; of her dismissive parents, her educational, and emotional disconnect from people. It feels larger than life, while being just about one person with a common childhood. Life's problems aren't always because of past problems, but the lack of anything else after them. Nothing stood out, nothing has stood out afterward, but then, what's there in the future?. . This is a ...
Listen, it's only good if you don't take it seriously. It's one of those shows that's so bad that it's good. Be sure to watch it at 1.5x speed though.. . Is the story unique? If it was predictable, did you enjoy it anyway because you like this genre/set-up?. - So predictable that it's laughable.. . Do you think the art style is fitting for the story?. -The art was actually fine, had no complaints.. . Were the characters well-rounded? Did they have flaws and strengths, or were they unusually strong/smart/stupid?. -The Queen was the best character and you'll know why if you watch the show.. ...
Tengoku Daimakyou might just be one of the best shows of 2023. After a recommendation from a friend, I finnaly gave it a shot and it certainly did not disappoint.. . The show is set in a post-apocalyptic world where past and present are perfectly interwoven into 13 episodes full of action and mysterie.. Big positives about the series are its music (don’t sleep on the OP!) , great cast of characters (with Kiruko as a very unique protagonist) and a very compelling plotline.. . These first 13 episodes really feel llike we only got the first few meters of the marathon that the entire show will be ...
Going into this show I was NOT excepting how much I would enjoy it. The story, the setting, and the characters, particularly the main character Mao Mao are all top notch here. I love seeing a female MC that's funny, a little weird, but most importantly competent. This is a political drama/ detective story so if your looking for big action sequences look else where. But for what the show delivers, it DELIVERS. Not to mention a stunning voice cast for both the dub and the sub that encapsulates the characters perfectly. The show actually has me laughing out loud. I don't normally ...
This might be one of the best fantasy romance reincarnation anime set in the medieval era that I have ever watched. The title itself provides an intriguing premise. As an anime with a reincarnation theme, the focus on the protagonist's seventh life is truly captivating because the diverse experiences from previous lives have shaped the main character into someone with extensive knowledge and wisdom, as well as possessing strong charisma.. . What's intriguing is that the anime doesn't dwell too long on recounting the protagonist's past lives. Instead, the stories from the previous lives are conveyed effectively and contribute significantly to the development of the character in ...
Frieren is an experience like few others.. . The focus of an elf who has lived more than a thousand years and how she longs for every moment, bringing her memories of those who marked her life, who influenced her to change even a little. If you have ever lost close people on many occasions you can feel reflected by the marks they left on your life.. . Overrated or not, this series makes you feel, it does not stand out for its complex writing and that is enough, something simple that you can identify with and reflect on, if you are not open to that you will probably ...
A Tale of Adventures of Days Gone By. . This is a tale of adventures in the days gone by. A reminiscing of sorts and fulfilling the remaining adventurers' dying wishes.. . A nicely drawn anime with believable characters. Frieren is a first class mage who is also an elf. So she can lives a long time. But her companions in the hero party are slowly dying as time passes by. This is a story of memories, flashbacks and yearning for more as Frieren realized that she has not done much since the hero party disbanded all years ago. Along the way, Frieren meets new people, some familiar ...
The Classic Story of A City Boy and Country Girl But in Hokkaido. . This is a classic love story about a city boy moving to a country place where he meets a country girl. Set in the Hokkaido and showing all the charms of the place as well. Recommended as a light sweet slice of life anime.. . Expect lots of snow and blizzard that only Hokkaido can provide. Skiing too as it is the place to go skiing. Snow festival as well as ice sculpture festivities. A good way to learn things about Hokkaido.. . The girls are sweet and adorable. Not many male characters yet at ...
I am hugely invested in telling people that this movie is actually good, so I'm going to tell a story about how I discovered this movie.. . As part of an (ill-advised) attempt to make a comprehensive isekai tier list, I decided to sit down with some friends to watch every piece of SAO media available to me in as close to one sitting as I could get. This was the last piece of media I watched after finishing Ordinal Scale (I didn't realize it was before Alicization. Whoops) and was so checked out of the end of that movie that the bar of expectations was on ...
It’s a fairly generic isekai story that’s actually well written and interesting to watch. An intelligent person wrote the script. The main character has thought processes that make sense and are well-thought out.. . Don’t let the first 5 minutes fool you. Make sure to stick around for the whole first episode before judging it.. . The animation is good. The story is good (but similar to many other isekai anime). The writing is good. The music is good.. . It’s a solid 8/10 anime. Expect a powerful main character trying to fit in with the world. There are many isekai anime with the same general story, but unlike other anime, ...
Have you ever listened to the song Digital World, by Amaranthe? How about the Nightcore version? That song literally encapsulates this anime movie.. . This is a CGI anime movie about an immortal digital being becoming real, and the pains of having a physical body.. . Story:. A digital girl gets a living body to find out whose screwing with digital heaven but is then immediately turned from always online to offline mode getting trapped on earth to solve a hacker issue and she meet a cool bro along the way. The story is serviceable nothing special. But the fact that this story is far more relevant now a decade ...
Pleaseantly surprised by this 0-review, less-than-1000-members hentai. The art quality, voices, animation, characters, pretty much everything seems above-average compared to other similar OVA's from the time.. A murder/ detective story that has a bit of a convoluted and confusing plot, but the effort is appreciated. It constantly changes between goofy ecchi-humor and serious vibes. The main character is actually pretty funny and unlike any other lead that I have seen in other hentais.. If you're wondering about the sex scenes, there are only a few and don't add much to the story, just watch the last few seconds and you won't miss anything.. Also, if you're just ...
I heard some good things about this anime from someone and was curious to try it out. I don't usually watch RomComs because I dislike the unrealistic setups and the development of relationships. Yes, the setups are still unrealistic in this anime, but because it's a parody, and because the execution is so hilarious, it doesn't ruin the atmosphere at all. Never have a seen a RomCom make the female protagonist so aggressive and masculine before. It was hilarious and really created a very realistic and grounded woman. Honestly, I think that's what sold the series for me, the strong willed heroine, who has lots ...
Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion R2 serves as the gripping conclusion to the acclaimed mecha and sci-fi action series, delving into intricate political dynamics and psychological depth. While the first season left viewers hanging on a cliff, R2 resolves lingering questions and intensifies the narrative, earning its place among the anime classics.. . The ensemble cast features a myriad of complex characters, each with their own motivations and allegiances. Protagonist Lelouch Lamperouge navigates a web of intrigue as the enigmatic Zero, while allies and adversaries alike undergo profound transformations amidst the ever-evolving conflict.. . Plot-wise, R2 delivers a rollercoaster ride of twists and turns, keeping audiences on the ...
This donghua is an adaptation of the Korean manhwa, Lee Doona!. I did read the manhwa so I will be reviewing this as both a donghua and as an adaptation. I will also use the manhwa translation names as opposed to the Chinese Pinyin names in this review.. . Plot Summary: Our MC, Joon, is a new college student, having worked hard to study and test into the college his high school crush is attending. Upon moving into a share house, he meets a weird but strangely familiar looking woman at the the entrance. He soon recognizes her as the recently retired idol, Lee Duna. Once recognized, ...
This sequel manages to maintain the positive impression left by its predecessor, despite featuring elements that would typically irk me.. . Character development sees Shana and Yuji grappling with their feelings, while supporting characters like Margery Daw receive substantial backstory and growth. New additions like Fumina Konoe inject fresh dynamics into the ensemble, though the persistent love triangle subplot can feel tiresome.. . Plot-wise, it takes its time to unfold, with a significant portion dedicated to slice-of-life high school antics before delving into the overarching narrative involving the Midnight Lost Child. While the focus shifts from battling crimson denizens to internal conflicts and character revelations, pacing issues and continuity ...
This anime was a breath of fresh air for me, using the themes of 'insomnia' and 'romance' which nobody would ever think go hand in hand. I thought this was kind of a chill anime which it was but also with something more thanks to the romance element and it was also a different style in delivering a romance story than the usual ways. I don't want to go into to much detail but for me these would be my highlights.. . For me, I would also highlight the animations, mainly of the starry skies. To me they were quite beautifully done and I really enjoyed ...
tl;dr: A four episode sequel that has more depth than previous seasons, though is missing a lot of the lighthearted charm.. . The first thing I need to remark about this, is that it is not a film. It is just four episodes played back to back. I mean that completely literally. The OP is played four times. The ED is played four times. I think this is incredibly important to be clear on before watching this, as otherwise you may have very different expectations from what this really is. Though at the same time, you also shouldn’t expect just a continuation of the previous season, as ...
I am very bias. This is the anime that stuck with me throughout the years. It was t my first but it was the first that made me cry all those years ago.. For standards now it might not hit as high but the mix of music, comedy action and death with a serious story/moral was amazing.. The whole anime is about character development. Not only the main ones but every single one. I recommend it for anyone who struggles in life, no matter your age but certainly as an early teen. I felt so much comfort in this anime when I felt alone and ...
"Take good care of your friends. Be brave. Laugh even when things get hard..." This movie acknowledges that this isn't as easy as it sounds.. . Dreams Stars was an experimental crossover movie, featuring only the three newest Precure teams. Perhaps the lack of spectacle is why it scored so low. Nevertheless, I actually found this new concept quite enjoyable, as it gave the characters more space to interact. Another thing to consider is that this movie caters primarily to younger viewers, so the characters occasionally break the fourth wall. However, I didn't think it felt out of place. The movie is also partly animated in 3D, ...
I'm loving it, I really am. The anime adaptation is magnificent, exquisite, did not fail Asagiri and Sango ONCE. the openings? absolute works of art. endings? give you more depression than evangelion. plot? comedic and dark at the same time mixed with lots of action and crime stuff. characters? lovable and hot. the characters are also based on famous writers so when you're feeling like an intellectual normie for once you have endless options to choose from when it comes to your next author you want to read. like what more can you ask for? this is it. hot guys with cool powers fighting other ...
criminally underrated. I found this anime not a very long time ago and it feels like forbidden lost media. It's one of the best romance animes out there. Being as young as the protagonist, Yuuko Kawai, I could relate to her in an astral level fr.. Not only this is wholesome as heck, it's very entertaining, it's the type of anime you say "one more episode" and you end up watching 20 more episodes. The story is a typical rom slice of life focused on the protagonist, a young girl who falls in love with her childhood friend. it sounds very cliché but when you ...
SHOWING THAT CLICHE ISN'T A PROBLEM IF WELL SEASONED!. . The story follows Usato, a high school student who runs into the student council president and a classmate on his way home. Unexpectedly, the three are transported to another world by a magical circle, called upon to become heroes, except for Usato, who is there by accident. During the plot, Usato discovers he has knowledge of healing magic and is kidnapped by a woman claiming to be the leader of the rescue squad. Up to this point, it seems like just another common isekai, but things take a turn. There, when his affinity for the extremely rare ...
honestly, it's very wholesome, I really really love it. The characters are very lovable and this season as a whole really cheers you up no matter how you're feeling.. its main motif is desserts and animals, it's a very cute theme and really has an unique aesthetic to it, making it pop out more than other precure seasons in my opinion, the songs for the opening and endings are great, the voice acting,animation, character design and storyline is just magnificent.. if you're just starting and don't know where to begin in this rabbithole, i really recommend watching this season first, or you could always watch them ...
Its the story of some crazy she-witch Nagatoro who torments this guy Naoto "Senpai" who's just minding his business.. But then she falls in obsession with him.. . They made the main character into too much of a wimp and too gullible.. But atleast he doesnt shoot blood from his nose. Also he does have some qualities like being good at drawing.. . And the girl does have redeeming qualities. She acts the way she does towards the main character because he's the only one she feels comfortable opening up to. Because he's not like other guys.. . You know how the old story goes, its a tale as old as ...
I got into Solo Leveling years ago well before an anime was announced. It was my introduction to power fantasy and eventually led to watching anime regularly. I think this adaptation has been a good representation of the source material minus a few character introduction scenes. As of episode 6, they seem pointless as they haven’t really contributed to the overall story. I’m assuming this will change in the second half of cour 1. Episodes 2,4, and 6 have all been awesome. They have made me feel all kinds of emotions and left me hyped to see more. The OST and VA add so much ...
it was really cute and short!!. . if you're hoping for something that includes a lot of details, including stuff like strifes, bitter conflicts etc (which you're probably not lol) then this is not what you're searching for. it was simple, straightforward, but that doesn't change the fact that it was still amazing <3. (plus you dont end up wasting time). . though it might've been rlly short I still enjoyed it, as the art was basic and sweet so it suited the story. plus the animation was also decent.. . it also included some cute scenes between the couple~ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°). . overall I think it was pretty good for ...
I'm a manhwa reader and I set my expectation pretty low for the adaptation, well it's kinda passed my expectation. With that animation, bgm, and the world building it all makes up to a huge potential, but sadly the story pace is quite slow. It's already 6 episodes but the story still on introducing the "power" that MC got after reawakened (and still not everything). But the positive side is the story could cover up everything for the world building including the power level and authority, the struggle of the low rank hunters, the differences between hunter association and guild, dungeon management, character introduction, ...
Honestly, I don't know why this anime has such a bad score because it isn't a bad experience at all.. . This show has a good story, good characters, good animation and is a great experience for those who are looking for a short and fun psycological horror anime.. . In a first glance it's possible to see some similarities with Ryukishi07's other works like Higurashi no Naku Koro Ni. But as the series progresses, it shows that it has it's own ideas and themes that will be developed further and is in no way a shameless clone of it's ancestor.. . The animation is mid most of the time, and ...
(Note: Since I'm currently looking into the anime, I thought I could revise my original review from 2022 and upload it here in English.). . Tija is great. I watched this anime slightly overtired and had endless fun, because tigers are great.. . "Grimoire of Zero" is about the mercenary Mercenary - yes, we don't know his name yet - and Zero. In a world full of magic, in a world of witches and witch burnings, an organization suddenly appears that promises to free the witches from the oppression of humans and avenge the death of a well-known and popular witch. But at the very end of the land, ...
!No Spoilers!. This anime is an amazing GL, in the span of 50 minutes, you see so much happen.. It's so nice to have a GL where it is super fetishised or creepy. The relationship was super cute and I love both of their tropes!. The art and music are both equally as amazing and it suits the theme of the story and characters really well. The overall pacing of the story is somewhat slow but the beautiful visuals make it worth it. The characters have some form of communication in their relationship which is great to see, normally in queer animes it is misunderstandings on and on... This ...
Let’s get this out of the way: this isn’t a sports anime. This isn’t focused on the sports and competitions that Aoyama has to go through and his journey to the top. It’s really just about how much of a clean freak Aoyama is.. . It isn’t bad if you know what you’re getting into. However, it must be said that there isn’t a goal that the plot and characters are headed towards. Like, sure, it’s stated that they want to go to Nationals but we don’t see that come to fruition. Aoyama is just a clean freak and his soccer teammates have to deal with that. ...
Uma delicinha esse anime, leve e com situações q beiram o cotidiano, nada muito forçado alem da sem cabeça e do shizuo mas da um brilho pra historia. continua otima animação e bom de assistir, personagens nao perdem a essencia. a abertura nao é tao boa quanto a uragiri no yu ia ke ia mas ainda tem seu brilho. anime muito original e com muitos pontos positivos. acho que nem todos irao gostar pois é uma serie sem mts exageros, um romance leve e divertido apesar de se disperso ja q introduziram personagens em apenas 11 episodios mas talvez voltem nas proximas temporadas
Durarara eu vejo como um anime de cotidiano onde as coisas vao acontecendo lentamente e as vezes natural, com alguns plot twists bons pra historia, virou uma das minhas historias favoritas por ter otimos personagens como Simon,Izaya, Shizuo, o medico e a duhalan, uma historia q foge dos padroes dos animes e uma das melhores do genero, com um estilo de arte peculiar e bem trabalhada.. . A longo prazo nao seria bom mas uma historia fechada com 60 episodios deste universo ta de bom tamanho, tambem o publico precisa ser um pouco maduro para entender ja que nem tudo vem mastigado e tem detalhes que fazem ...
On the surface, this looks like another Isekai anime but delve further it is a good blend of both Isekai and earth. The characters are likeable and relatable which helps. Plus with a 40-something MC makes it stand out even more. It is not your usual late teenager or early 20s MC that are the Isekai's de rigor MC. So in that sense it is refresing.. . The only downside to the anime so far is the number of young teenagers used as supporting characters against the MC. Why the similar age group and females at that too? Perhaps there is a reason or two but it ...
Once again, Madhouse deserves mad credit for showing all the ****ing scrubs how it's done.. . Very few anime manage to pass the 9.0 average rating mark on MAL. The ones that do usually tend to be highly overrated shounens**t that is being voted as "10" by legions of kids who are not yet experienced enough to recognize the subtle differences in animation and storytelling elements that make something truly high quality or not. An excellent example being Gintama, which is a fun show to watch if you're a teenager, but as one grows you quickly realize that Gintama is more like a 7.5 anime. Decent, but ...
This is the first movie I watched during my Ghibli binge, and it did not disappoint! However, it seems that people either think this is one of Ghibli’s best works and that it changed the animation industry forever, or that the movie is a poorly written, preachy dumpster fire of a film with unlikable characters and a confusing plot. I don’t fully agree with either side though, and while I think this is a great film, there’s several flaws that I believe it possesses.. . Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind is a post-apocalyptic sci-fi film that takes place 1,000 years after a great war that ...
(this review may have light spoilers, though I tried my best to avoid them!). . I originally started this series back in 2021 since a youtuber I watched at the time said he liked it. I got to the 7th episode, but dropped it afterwards because I have a terrible attention span. But recently I thought I’d finish it since I was only a few episodes away from the end and it was pretty good!. . The Quintessential Quintuplets is about Fuutarou, a high school boy whose life revolves solely around studying, who’s tasked with tutoring the 5 girls who are hopeless when it comes to school. Oh, and ...
I usually don't give reviews out to series I have already reviewed earlier, especially since my opinion hasn't changed too much. But, for this anime, I certainly think it's time to make an overall impression.. . I'd say that the anime starts out relatively strong with season 1. Even then, the time travel mechanic was super suspect. It's never abused the way it should be by people that have any actual semblance of a brain, and things that should have been caught onto with time traveling to the future does not get explained until the event happens in the present.. . However, and I said this in season ...
This anime is a captivating blend of emotion and comedy which entertain both heart and humour alike. Every significant event and scene show progress among the characters’ relationship regardless of how small it is. Teenage romance is portrayed through charming honesty and delicacy. The growth of the characters is shown with realism and affection. All of these improve the storyline and make it rich. The audience gets a satisfying payoff due to any interaction among the characters. The anime goes deeper and deals with themes like inferiority complex, insecurity, frailty and make the characters overcome those in a realistic way. As a result, The Dangers ...
Ghost Hunt blends elements of mystery, suspense, and a touch of romance into a rather unique anime that does not live up to the expectations of the horror genre. There are many problems with the series from the lack of horror elements, the below-average animation, the lack of substantial character development beyond the main protagonist. But the anime just works. The lack of horror makes for an easy viewing experience, the grounded animation leads to a heightened sense of vulnerability among the characters in their encounters with the supernatural. And while other characters lack any kind of growth, it makes Mai’s transformation episode to episode ...
This show is so fun. Absolutely hysterical. There is a random musical episode for absolutely no reason or payoff. It's really funny and then shockingly tragic. You don't mean to get invested in this comedy but oops! you did anyway! The characters are really unique and extremely entertaining to watch their hijinks. The romance is not a huge part of the donghua but it's still compelling. Watch if you want a good laugh with some quality feels.. Seriously this show has made me laugh hysterically multiple times. I've even showed clips to my friends who laughed because how absurd it is. (The flute playing scene)
Tenpuru was a pleasant surprise for me.. . I admit that my expectations were not very high when I started. In recent years, the harem genre has not surprised me much, as it seems that the authors are doing their best to give their least effort (it's ironic, but it is true).. . Here, however, I found a very funny anime. I loved the way the author develops the personality of each of the characters. Unlike other anime of the same genre, such as The Café Terrace and Its Goddesses, where the personality of each of the girls does not fully exploit, here everything works well.. . Each character has a ...
The series has never been stronger. It's particularly gratifying to watch Hinata really come into his own as a more complete player, putting his training into practice in a meaningful way after so many struggles and, more importantly, finding that way by means that suited his character. There isn't quite as much development in the play of other characters on Karasuno, but they all make meaningful changes and it's definitely nice to see Kageyama put his work and dedication into practice on the court.. . While that alone would be enough to elevate this season, it's also their opponents that make more out of this. We get ...
Hell Verse is one of the few non-canon shounen movies that I can unreservedly say is good and worth watching.. . My experience with the overwhelming majority of shounen movies is that none of them really have an engaging story. As kids, we would watch them strictly because they held the promise of better animation than their afferent TV shows. But at no point did we ever think, oh, man, what an amazingly engaging story Naruto’s Legend of the Stone of Gelel had! Wow, the plot of One Piece’s Clockwork Island Adventure really kept me on the edge of my seat.. . Besides, filler movies typically are put in ...
Synopsis:. The main character Yakuin Jirou goes to a school where they have pairs of students pretend to be married as part of the curriculum. Jirou is paired with the school's resident pick me girl Watanabe Akari, whose love interest is matched with Jirou's crush. Forced to live together Jirou navigates being "married" while also developing feelings for Akari.. . Overview:. This anime is a school cohabitation romance anime. The main setting of the anime is the couple apartment/dorm and the school. Although the plot is moved along through misunderstandings, "lucky accidents", and small confessions it doesn't make it feel poorly scripted (these plot devices are also pretty ...
Story: A simple, but compelling story. It was a fresh idea that was executed decently. There aren't huge underlying plot lines, and complex character with intricate relationships, but those weren't necessary. The story was fun and upbeat at times, while having some moments that make you question work culture and the direction society is heading in.. . Characters: All of the characters are quite fun and have their own quirks. Mc is honestly the least interesting and has a few irritating qualities. The friend group works well and there is clear chemistry between them. Meanwhile, the characters that are portrayed as the villains are quite silly ...
The Night Before the Tricornered Window Destiny was an extremely pleasant surprise. I am a big fan of BL anime, and went into this not expecting very much from the story or characters. A lot of BL anime are watered down yaoi, and tend to have a very weak story that mostly hinges upon angst between the main characters.. . This show was an exception to that generalization. The story is refreshing and unique, centering on the occult and mediums and the powers they possess. The entire cast is well done and well-rounded, making the show as well as the ending feel fulfilling and worthwhile.. . Yes, ...
Mob Psycho 100 was definitely a great experience! Great for those looking for good comedy and phenomenal animation, as well as interesting story concepts.. . First of all, the animation was just absurd! Both in the fight scenes, which really shined, and in the simplest movements of turning sideways or moving your arms. Enviable.. . The humor really made me laugh several times, not only because of the absurd situations, but also because of the facial expressions of the characters. Reigen is the best example.. . As for the story, you can see that there is a plot, but the focus is much more on the characters and their development arcs ...
Mashle: Magic and Muscles is an absolute delight for any anime enthusiast looking for a unique blend of humor and action. From its very first episode, this series hooks you with its hilarious premise: in a world where magic reigns supreme, our protagonist, Mash Burnedead, possesses no magical ability whatsoever! Instead, he relies solely on his Herculean strength to navigate through a world where magical prowess is the norm.. . What makes Mashle such a standout anime is its impeccable comedic timing. Mash's absurd situations and deadpan reactions never fail to elicit hearty laughs. Whether he's unwittingly defying gravity or facing off against magically inclined foes with ...
Have you ever watched an otome game/villainess anime and asked "Why can't the villainess get with the MC?" Then do I have the anime for you! This is the anime you have been waiting for. It tells the tale of Rae teasing Claire during her daily antics after getting isekai'ed into the world of Revolution, in hope of winning over her love.. . The world is well made, and is fleshed out in this season, and future seasons if they get made. Be sure to pay attention to little details because they will be brought up later!. . I love when the anime has the main character sing the ...
Ok so the importance about the series like berserk is based on the 42 volume manga by the legendary manga artist Kentaro Miura considered that the series is been adapted from the manga especially is that it develops a story from the ark how it happened in this series mind you that this series berserk only lasted about 25 episodes from October 10th 1997 until March 31st 1998 this has considered to be the most important best action Dark Fantasy series. . . . Story. So it tells the story about where it takes place in an medieval Europe like setting where a young mercenary named Guts who's had the ...
I have watched this film 3 times and it has been able to play with my memories and throw me through a whirlwind of confusion every time I've watched it. Satoshi Kon is a genius in his ability to blur the boundaries between reality, dream and persona and this film is his finest example of this ability. This blurring experienced by the protagonist, Mima, is something the viewer is actively thrown into and experiences, entire scenes feel like fever dreams and will leave you paranoid on whether or not you can trust what is going on.. Despite its age, the themes touched by this film ...
Heibai Wushang is a chinese half anime (10min episode) about 2 incompetent grim reapers and their adventures. First 5 episodes are mostly character introductions then `real plot` kicks in. Story is nothing spectacular but it has a nice world building.. . Animation quality is decent comparing most of the chinese animations. At least i can tell it is smooth. Character designs are quite good. They use CG for complex stuff but it is not eye bleeding.. . Audio is passable. VA is standard chinese VA but i liked the black haired MC.. . In overall, it is not bad. In fact, it is in the good half of ...
DiamondDust Rebellion holds a special place in my heart as the first shounen filler movie I wholeheartedly liked as a teenager. Both in terms of writing, and especially animation, it represents an improvement of leaps and bounds over its predecessor. Does it hold up today? In a sense, yes, in others, no.. . The production value comes off as perfectly adequate, but there is precious little here that will impress you by today’s standards. I remember being in awe of the animation at the time. Whether that was down to me being a dumb teenager who didn’t know any better, or it really was that impressive – ...
Eizouken. This was a pretty good show.. . Eizouken is about a group of girls who wanted to do animation movies/videos as a club in their school—Kanamori, Asazuka, and Mizusaki aka the famous girl.. . Oh boy, do I have a lot to say?. . First off, the first thing I notice is the opening. Holy crap is the opening good. Seriously good opening. The music in general in Eizouken is super good! I am not going to notice it haha. Second of all, the animation is amazing. The animation is super smooth, and it is amazing how they bridge the gap between reality and imagination. Midori's imagination is always ...
This is my second viewing of RGU because the first time I watched this, I was much younger and didn't really 'get it'. I thought it was confusing and had an unsatisfactory ending (← me not paying attention). However, other fans discussing the themes and plot at length wanted me to give it another go because it really is an overlooked story that benefits from a rewatch. They don't make em like this anymore.. . Please go into this series as you would with the likes of, say, anything by David Lynch. At it's core, this is a story about gender, abuse, and the deconstruction of traditional ...
Initially before I started watching My Hero Academia season 6, there seemed to be alot of backlash with this series regarding the animation, the amount of the episodes being produced and so forth.. . But, as I completed watching season 6 of MHA. I must say this season was pretty good. The paranormal liberation war arc was fantastic and I was on the edge of my seat since a lot of heroes where getting in the crossfire while facing the League of Villains.. . The second cour of MHA was intense mainly because Deku became a vigilante due to All For One and I am glad Deku ...
The anime explores a world where humans and androids collaborate on a mission to Mars led by Rouge Redstar and Naomi Orthmann. At the beginning, it reminded me a lot of Blade Runner.. . Bones has a solid legacy with Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood, Mob Psycho 100, and My Hero Academia, so high expectations for the animation were already in place. The anime manages to be precise in its placements, not rushing to explain what's happening. This only makes you more eager to keep watching. The fights are very well done, without exaggeration but still maintaining the action. Just not recommended for those who are used to spoon-fed ...
This anime is definitely a recommendation. Each episode keeps you intrigued about the relationship between Yamada and Kosuda. I hope a studio considers continuing with a second season. It's hard to believe such a gem from 2010 hasn't garnered more attention from other studios.. There are several strengths to highlight:. 1. The relaxed plot makes it easy to watch without too much mental strain, similar to Konosuba's laid-back pace.. 2. The portrayal of ecchi elements is a must, and the depiction of Kosuda's erogami is particularly well-done.. 3. Yamada's character is insanely cute beyond measure.. However, there are some drawbacks:. 1.The visual quality, considering its 2010 release, should have been better. ...
It's a good anime, unlike the first season of Fullmetal Panic, this one focuses on school comedy and a bit of romance revolving around the characters Sagara and Chidori, where most of the events are intentionally caused by Sagara and Chidori has to fix them.. . There isn't much developed romance, but there are some good situations between Sagara and Chidori that generate enjoyable and funny moments in the series.. . The anime doesn't have mecha fights, just action to introduce some events.. . The student council president is quite interesting, seeming to know something more about Sagara.. . Other characters are the same as in the previous season; I must point out ...
I'm in love with the anime. The direction makes a difference, and if there's an anime where you can notice that, it's this one. The animation is beautiful; Yuki's purity calls for pastel tones, brightness, calmness, and lightness, and all of this the anime's environment conveys in a sublime way. But it's not in the character design, photography, or even animation that captures my enthusiasm; it's in the direction and sound design. The scene on the subway/train was so delicate and careful in depicting, by comparison, the world of listeners and non-listeners that leaves anyone moved. In a story where small gestures are of immense ...
In the synopsis, Maomao possesses special skills that set her apart, placing her in challenging situations that explore her unique abilities. A captured servant with medical knowledge surpassing even the nobles of the same profession, which leads her to serve directly in the royal court.. . Each episode explores the ailments that Maomao must remedy as an apothecary, an ancient version of a pharmacist. From resolving an illness among the Emperor's concubines to becoming the official food taster for one of them to ensure food safety, the series presents various mysteries to be solved.. . These challenges range from curing diseases in the kingdom's soldiers to creating an aphrodisiac ...
I don't know if Makoto Shinkai has really been making peak fiction all this time but I'm excited to check out more of his work, especially Your Name.. . Suzume is beautiful in every way imaginable, the story, the characters, the writing, and especially in how it looks. They did not waste any potential material to be used over a guy turned into a freaking chair. This film transition so damn smoothly between a slow and fast paced sequences. This combined with how magnificent the movie looks and how outrageous and chaotic the scenarios was, it made for an intensely exhilirating experience. Every characters are so well ...
I Can't Understand What My Husband Is Saying or Danna ga Nani wo Itteiru ka Wakaranai Ken is pretty casual it's a show about the ups and downs of marriage life showing the important nuances of communication, understanding, and mutual support that are required in marriage thus it feels like a more authentic relationship romance show that doesn't attempt to make characters act overtly emotional for the sake of injecting drama in a way that would be contrived and vapid all for the sake of melodrama. . It's a challenge to the conventional notions of what a perfect marriage should be and shows that love and understanding ...
If you're tired of the same old isekai otome stories, then you need to check out "I'm in Love with the Villainess." This anime follows the story of Rei Oohashi, an otaku who is reincarnated as the villainess in her favorite otome game, Claire Francois.. Unlike most otome games, where the goal is to win the heart of one of the love interests, Rei is determined to change Claire's fate and help her find happiness. This leads to some pretty hilarious and heartwarming moments as Rei tries to navigate the complicated world of the game.. While the romance between Rei and Claire is a central part of ...
i dropped this last year cause i thought it was a mid adaptation compared to the manga but recently gave it a second chance and enjoyed it way more then i thought personally i still prefer the manga and think they handle the story a lot better but this is still a really good show id recommend especially since the next season is where the story really picks up. . if you didn’t think the show or do like it i’d recommend reading the manga it is more a goofy story with the artwork the anime goes for more of a Cinematic approach witch i enjoyed ...
Solo leveling has great story build with cool in-depth (POV style I would say) of how life of an "hunter" looks like.. Fight scenes are very well made, jokes are very well placed and overall story is great. However it has huge cliffhangers and talk cutscenes which can annoy a lot of people.. . The only thing that can annoy is that season has only 12 ep's with such a big build-up to the story be done.. . If you like leveling up main character that feels alone in the entire world and still doesn't 1 shoot every boss - you should be interested in that anime.. . I personaly recommend it ...
Unfathomably badass, one of my all time favorites, love Black Lagoon, violence and swearing galore! The action is so over the top, the characters are all awesome, and it's one of the few series I recommend you watch the dub over the sub. There are some excellently written moments that really make you think.. This is a series where I have to sit and think pretty hard in order to find the flaws in it. I think it's just that good. This show is gritty, relentless, and clever, but most importantly l think it's probably the most Badass anime in existence.. Recommend this to pretty much everyone.
Yes, it is your common "time loop" / reincarnation anime.. . THE PLOT: the anime is about Rishe, a girl who has lived 6 lives already and everytime she died because of war. In her 6th life, she was killed by Arnold Hein. So when her 7th life begins, she tries to avoid him but ends up failing and is even proposed by him. She accepts and decides to do her best to stop him as his fiance.. . The plot is pretty basic but with a twist. Usually in reincarnation animes the main love interest is cold, hates the girl but falls for the girl slowly. ...
I (capital letters obligatory) ADORE the Apothecary Diaries. This anime has an impeccable blend of world-building and romance, with interesting mysteries to keep the audience captivated. Not only are the plot and setting of the anime fascinating, but the characters will not let you down either. Almost all of the romance anime out there are guilty of having a female lead who is shy and timid, so it was a nice change of pace to have the sharp-witted Maomao for a change. The art style, animation quality, and vibrant colour palette of the anime are also truly remarkable.. . If you're a sucker for a slow burn, ...
I think that this is a great anime for those who know what they're getting into! Just reading the title, I think you can expect exactly what happens in this anime. As someone who has enjoyed many video game anime's, and manhwa's, this was a breath of fresh air! I personally don't mind that's she's overpowered, I love it even! She's not some edgelord with dark magic or something, she's just a girl who breaks the game by being silly!. . You can't go into this anime expecting some sort of life-changing story, but you can expect to be surprised by the unexpected ways the MC ...
"Masamune-Kun's Revenge" stands out in the crowded field of harem anime with its unique spin on the genre. It presents a story that, at first glance, appears to follow the traditional harem formula but quickly diverges with its focus on revenge rather than romance. The protagonist, Masamune, seeks to turn the tables on his childhood crush, Aki, by making her fall for him only to reject her, a plot that introduces a refreshing narrative of personal transformation and retribution.. . While the series indulges in some typical genre conventions, such as predictable plotlines and fan service, it distinguishes itself with its approach to storytelling and character development. ...
Mobile Suit Gundam 00 encapsulates all the quintessential elements of the Gundam franchise. From compelling main characters to nail-biting one-on-one mecha contests blended with elaborate military tactics and grand scale wars, it excels on all fronts. Despite the slight melodrama, it does not overwhelmingly cloud the plot like in Gundam Seed.. . What truly sets this epic apart is its mature tone and character portrayals. Unlike most other mecha series, the protagonists in this one are not teenagers, but fully grown-up adults, giving the story an adult weight.. . I highly value the neutrality the heroes' organization's ideological position, fighting to erase all conflicts impartially. It confirmed with what ...
I tend to forget how rocked my pants can get when that animation hits.. . My hatred for “age-old” stories like this one painted my judgement way before I pressed play. They tend to focus on the world-building to a detriment. It's usually focused on explaining the dynasty, the rules, the relationships, how everything works, but “Fog Hill of Five Elements” lets you understand by yourself. No time wasted, show don't tell, that's how that dad talks to his daughter, that's how royalty talks to the ones below, that's how things work just by virtue of the dialogue. A good story that knows how to establish characters ...
Well, it's evident that the anime revolves around intellectual showdowns among prodigies in a school setting. These duels consistently deliver unforeseeable twists, keeping viewers on the edge of their seats. The protagonist skillfully sidesteps common character clichés, harboring a captivating past that promises further exploration down the line. However, this season seems to be progressing rather sluggishly. Whether it's my eagerness to witness the antics of our favorite psychopath, Ayanokouji, or a genuinely slower narrative pace, it's hard to pinpoint. I yearn for the return of that tense atmosphere lingering in the air after each scene cut; everything currently feels a bit too passive-aggressive. Here's ...
Interesting... The first episode really showcases the anime's concept and where it's heading: a "girl" cursed by a witch who works for an organization aiming to locate and retrieve these witches for an "Order." What caught my attention the most was the fact that the two protagonists have completely opposite personalities. Guideau is a "girl" with a totally explosive temperament who wants to do everything her way and jumps into action right away, while Ashaf is a completely rational and intelligent man who only acts after being certain of what is right. However, together they form a very intriguing duo.. . The production is very well done, ...
So, if I had to sum up this anime's manhwa, I'd say it's like a rollercoaster of perfectly timed storytelling, crazy well-drawn fights, and just the right sprinkling of humor. Now, when it comes to the plot, just a heads up, it starts with a bit of a generic vibe, but what makes Solo Leveling stand out is how it turns that generic stuff into something totally epic.. . The story flows smoothly, and I can promise you won't be yawning or let down. Every chapter of this manhwa is a page-turner; it just keeps you hooked because it's that darn good. For me, watching Sung level ...
Don't be fooled by the beginning. The anime starts overflowing with clichés in every direction, but it's intentional and strategic, in line with the work's synopsis. I had never heard anything about it, but it seems to have a lot of potential. If you read the synopsis and started watching the episode, you might have had the same reaction as me... "the synopsis is from another anime"... like... "where's that Yumiella person?"... but when it hits the 14-minute mark, you understand everything; that's when the anime truly begins.. . Regarding the production, it seems like we're going to have a very well-made anime. The art is beautiful ...
It would be just another looping anime, but unlike others, this one deals with an infinite loop featuring a new type of narrative that explores the theme of reincarnation, focusing on Rishe's seventh life. What intrigues me the most is that she has accumulated experiences from six lives, even though each of the last five lives lasted only for 5 years. However, they were five lives with entirely different purposes and unique experiences.. . It seems that in none of her lives did she seek or have romantic interests, but in this one, it seems that romance will find her, even if it's at the hands of ...
Dunmachi is a series that grew as a whole over time and you witness the growth of the creator along with the growth of the characters in this intricately built universe. Like a dinner course, you start with appetizers, salads and soup that get you vested and the main dishes blow you out the water. A gradual progression of the story that pulls you in and at the end leaves you satisfied and reminiscing on each of the flavors that added up to give you a sense of fulfillment and satisfaction.. . The tale of a hero, as endless as time is served to you in ...
The reason Death Note is masterclass is due to the fact that it's so different from your typical Shounen anime. Whereas some of the more popular anime's are all about fighting and the main characters searching for new ways to level up and defeat a powerful enemy, Death Note is completely different. The story is centred around Light Yagami, a typical high school student who come's across a mysterious notebook which changes everything. The story line focuses on Justice/ right & wrong and how that is interpreted by the different characters in the show.. . What makes this anime so great is the fact it keeps the ...
This is one of those classic shows that every anime watcher (or even non-anime watchers) will watch, and it's definitely worth it. The animation style is kind of unique and not something I'm usually drawn to, but it fits well. The momentum from the first episode on is utilized extremely well, and none of the episodes are a drag.. . It really reminded me of my experience watching Attack on Titan, not really because of the 'thriller' theme, but because I was excited to watch the next episode. No fatigue.. . I also watched it with my mom who isn't interested in these sorts of media, but ...
This little anime right here showed the big boys what it is all about. A combination of wonderful character development, really welcoming and innovative story telling and a sometimes teary and easy going approach to the genre. (No spoilers). . Plot: The plot is simplistic. A tried and tested approach of an episodic anime where every episode can be viewed on its own but with a greater story behind running all through the 12 episodes. What really sets it apart from the run of the bunch anime, of this structure, is that every episode has meaning, it has a greater purpose, everything happens for a reason and ...
Originally watched half way eight years ago and dropped because someone had a hold on the next disc at the library and I was getting impatient.. . Was it worth the wait to finally finish it? Honestly yeah. Samurai Champloo is tempered with a very clear artistic vision and absolutely cutting animation that out stylized the rest of its class of Spring 2004 anime. Even Monster with its aesthetic richness is arguably unable to compete with fast paced stylish swag of Champloo. The lighthearted way the anime taps into nearly every Jidaigeki trope for an amusing tone and can still perfectly pivot for an intense battle or ...
Ironically good as a story that is not edgy, over the top, not about overpowered characters and not ecchi. I know I know, a shocker.. . Despite the "status, skills" things and the premise of Isekai it feels more like a typical fantasy which is actually a good thing. MC doesn't get anything special going on for him and doesn't have any superpowers at any moment of the story and basically is just stubborn which helps him in the long run to overcome his lack of ability. In this regard it's a good slow burn story to follow along that culminates by the end of the season.. . If ...
A TRUE ISEKAI 🔥🔥. No Wonder Why Mushoku Tensei Called. ( Father Of ISEKAI ). . Because This Is How ISEKAI Should Be, The Progress Of The Story, Character Development, Plot, And HOW RELATED THIS IS. . IMAGINE!!!!!! WHY IT'S SO RELATABLE. . How Pity A Man When His Rocket Not Flying When The Time Has Come To Show It's Mighty,. . ...
Meant to publish this review way back when in 2016..... . An anime that's actually about mental disorders? Wow. Okay. ... This anime DOES explain how mental disorders work and how they can arise, but not exactly to a T on how they come (not everything happens the same way. NOTHING!!), with five minutes running time per episode. Comical Psychosomatic Medicine (CPM) also uses somewhat good humor. Not exactly SFW, but not exactly 100% appalling (well, depending on who you are and what exactly offends you. I won't get into that because everyone is offended by SOMETHING), taking mental illness seriously yet not being afraid to be ...
Definitely one of the best new anime of 2023. In many aspects, it even surpasses the overhyped Jujutsu Kaisen and other hits of this year. But why?. ===. Plot. Unfortunately, the theme of the apocalypse (post-apocalypse) is rarely represented in the anime industry, no matter how interesting it may be to represent. This anime, in my opinion, is one of the best in its genre. You can read the synopsis above, and here is the impression from it. Insanely interesting, intriguing, tense. It is a little difficult to understand in places and can even be disturbing. I haven't read the manga, judging by what I saw in ...
Story (9) :. I like the storyline with the problem of the source of this petrification and it still hasn't been solved because there is still a mastermind behind this petrification, but what I don't like is that after Dr Stone season 1, all the inventions or creations were very fast in 2 minutes. make all the stuff finished in 1 episode. With this, maybe the author can forget how the vision and mission of Dr Stone season 1 is different from season 1. Apart from that, what I like the most is the Medusa capture mission, which in my opinion is the best arc ...
An anime that paid with its tongue.. . Zom 100 had one of the best premiere episodes I've ever seen. It seemed like it would be a very good anime in its comedic and satirical content, but we were soon shown the terrible planning that this anime was subject to. Poorly finished episodes, delays in release combined with a narrative decline too, it's true.. . In its second part, the anime had a sudden drop in its narrative quality, which, until then, was excellent. Loss of focus, lame script, new characters without any charisma, among other reasons, only being saved in its final episode, which was actually very good.. . I ...
Taking in the first six episodes of Ishura, it becomes evident why initial reviews often echo sentiments from the early episodes. The narrative unfolds gradually, with the first five episodes primarily serving as introductions to key characters. While this approach may initially feel disjointed, there's a deliberate effort in world-building, gradually unveiling the dynamics between two conflicting nations. Despite hints of a looming war and mention of a tournament, the plot remains elusive by episode six, leaving viewers to speculate on the overarching narrative.. . Story: 6.5/10. In this anime you will be introduced to a world of dragons, knights, pirates, guns, robots, giant robots, magic, and more. ...
Your Lie in April (Shigatsu wa Kimi no Uso). - Kali ini saya rewatch dengan harapan dapat menimbang kesalahan tidak sedihnya saya ketika nonton anime ini pada kali pertama. Ternyata memang itu kenyataanya. Banyak sedikitnya jam terbang mempengaruhi sudut pandang memang, itu faktanya.. - Dari saya pribadi, dominan genre romance dan drama, dan pemenuhan itu yang saya lihat pada anime ini.. - Diksi indah senantiasa mengiringi dialog antara Kousei Arima dan Kaori Mizayono.. - Storyline yang solid, sangat beririsan dengan judul, dibangun hingga momentum terakhir, indah. Hal lain yang berkesan dari storyline selain penekanan pada drama dan romance, komedinya tidak mengecewakan.. - Character development protagonis dengan segala lika-likunya membawa ...
Wizarding World the anime.. . This is basically Harry Potter meets One Punch Man.. Alot of the characters resemble characters from Harry Potter. Everyone has a mark on their face. A reference to the lightnin scar.. You have a McGonagall lookalike. Dumbledore. Malfoy.. You have Quidditch. You have Houses with animal symbols.. . Its a world where anyone can do magic. Except the main character.. But thats ok. He's been pumping iron his whole life.. If he cant solve problems with magic, he'll solve them with his fists.. ...
Monster is one of the most psychologically complex and beautifully written piece of media I've ever seen. Johan is such an amazing villain, it's mind-blowing how big of an impact he has even when he's not on-screen. He has one of the most complex yet twisted way of thinking I've ever seen, making him a literal riddle as a character. His schemes are elaborate and mind-fuckery, to the point where it's psychologically tortorous and devastating. Story and characters are the two main highlight that reach its peak in this series. Tenma is a really likable character with amazing growth in his character and morality. Dude ...
I guess.. I was kinda underestimating how much of an overwhelming watch this anime is. From a complex settings and rules of nature within the show, plethora of philosophies, and just the constant airs of mysteries lingering within the series at all times.. . One thing I love and want to mention about this show is its unbeatable atmosphere, it is so perfect for this type of riddling and 'mess-with-your-audience's-heads' type of show, the darkly yet intriguingly ominous and mysterious vibe is great.. . Also Pino is the absolute frickin best she is so precious and she serves as a comforting part of this show.. . I genuinely think this could ...
Yeah so my hopes for a season 2 is pretty much zero, but I may pick up where this series left off in the manga. Wished there were further seasons adapted though, because I feel like the art style, the type of animation this series is going for could only fully work in anime rather than a manga. This is especially true for the way Bocchi's stress and breakdown is portrayed, the dynamic, creativity, and chaotic nature of these sequences is only amplified by the fact that it's a moving picture.. . Bocchi is literally me. Bocchi is the most relatable character I've seen in a while. ...
Attack on titan’s last season peaked almost everywhere, it managed to hype up the entire world. Now, when the final season started airing everyone was extremely hyped because of the revelations revealed in the past and seemingly this would be the final incarnation of the series.. The new studio that took over the project did a fantastic job; this season is just as good as the previous season. Here are some of the key features about this season:. . Plot/characters: The story this time is from a different perspective, the villain's perspective. Watching this season really tells us that there are no villains in Hajime Isayama’s world ...
Animezinho para poder assistir tudo em uma tarde.. Simplesmente gostei da ideia do casal ser composto por um otaku que ao contrário da vida real ele tomou coragem e se declarou para uma garota que correspondeu aos seus sentimentos apesar de terem interesses bem diferentes (daí vem o nome do anime) gerando umas situações cômicas para o jovem casal.. O formato de 5 minutos não afeta na qualidade do anime e meio que não importa muito a ordem que você assiste os episódios (tirando o primeiro episódio que serve de introdução).. Só tem um personagem chato: o irmão mais novo do Otaku, personagem bem desnecessário
Been, anime fan for over decade i never wrote any reviews but this anime really touched me deep. Personally, i could relate with this anime totally, the mc and especially Sayu, i have experienced something like this before when i was in Japan. It was nice and memorable experienced i had, i never find any other romance drama anime that i could relate with until i found this gem. If you understand Japanese culture in general (the good side, i would say), it’s hard to explain or put into words but Sayu’s action, if you happen to live in Tokyo, Osaka or any other big ...
I have had my LIFE changed after watching this anime. It consists of very inspiring parts as the MC tells when fighting with the Enemies. You will start to work hard like the MC and slowly but surely level up. The MC's reaction to most of the situation is extremely realistic and of course ad it is work of fiction the character does level up in unrealistic ways and you can predict that the character is going to be in a leveling up system by the name.. About the anime quality. The animation style is superiors and the sound track is just perfect and in the ...
In general, is a good anime, but it can't hold on your history and the principal trouble - insomnia - like it should.. They filled anime with things whatever, and cut some time about the real trouble there.. Althoug, Ganta has a good performance and work. He was bad and angry in some parts of time because he don't sleept, and not because he are a boring guy!. . What broak me was that sky, but I understood that it was to represent how the cams take a good pictures and videos, getting ready open to lights, and that idea surpprised me like: "OOOH MY GOD! THE DIRECTOR GET ...
The show has captured every aspect of art and presented it in a very soothing way.. . Characters have their personalities, and most of them are likable.. . The music is also very fitting in every episode.. Every sound effect matches with what is being shown on the screen.. . Animation has been consistent with every episode.. Every character on the screen has a certain smoothness to them, even the side characters.. Even so, there was no need for a fight in the anime to go this hard but still, they decided to do so, and is better than most of the mainstream animes.. ...
This anime brought me into a new and unique story perspective that you won’t find in almost any other entertainment. Very few shows, anime, and movie Can make you feel for a board game and for characters the way this anime does. I was very new to Go when I first watched this anime, but I had such an appreciation for its complexity and attachment to character by the time it was over. I began to see go in all parts of my life and I remembered the quotes of characters in significant moments.. . The first couple episodes draw you in and then the anime gets ...
I certainly did not expect this much quality from a short story, wow. I honestly think this is as good as a short story can get, genuinely!. . When you think of short anime, you don't exactly expect something to be super engaging. These types of animation tend to go through its motions pretty quickly, telling a story in as rushed of a manner as possible (or not even telling a story at all). Semantic Error goes about it in another way: it bets on simplicity, and telling a whole story from just a quick glimpse into the world without needlessly rushing it. And ooohh boy, it ...
This season has taken a big difference in warfare for it is positioned in a very dense forest. This part takes place from the usual flatland warfare style and takes its weapons onto the forest, which a certain army in this season will definitely excel. This is also where Shin can stack up reputation with the army he's supporting right now and really show off what he's made for. Character development will take place here and the Fei Xin Force will undergo a transformation, deepening their bonds and Shin's comrades which we all know and love. It hasn't lost its fever and its hype meters ...
Kingdom masterfully navigates complex themes such as politics, warfare, and betrayal, elevating the anime to a level of unparalleled intrigue and depth. Through its intricate storytelling, the series delves into the ruthless world of ancient China's Warring States period, where power struggles and political maneuvering shape the destiny of nations. The portrayal of political intrigue is compelling, showcasing the cunning strategies employed by ambitious individuals vying for dominance. Moreover, the depiction of warfare is both visceral and strategic, highlighting the brutality of battle while also showcasing the tactical genius of military commanders.. . Betrayal is a recurring theme in "Kingdom," adding layers of complexity to the characters ...
I generally don't see quality in anime in the horror genre. but this one was an outlier.. . Dark Gathering has a very similar anime beginning, making me question whether it would really be worth continuing to follow it and I'm glad I persisted, as there is a noticeable increase in quality.. . As a horror anime, we at least expect stories that make us feel bad when we see them and this anime has them. There were several disturbing and narratively horrifying tales. The production of the anime is often even soft on the visuals (which may also have been due to the lack of technical quality in ...
"Kingdom" stands out for several reasons, making it an exceptional anime series. Firstly, its compelling storyline, set in ancient China's Warring States period, is rich in historical detail and offers a unique blend of intense battles, political intrigue, and personal drama. The character development is another highlight, with protagonists like Xin undergoing significant growth and evolution as they strive for greatness. Additionally, the animation is top-notch, bringing the epic battles and intricate world-building to life with stunning visuals. The series also excels in its ability to evoke emotion, whether through moments of triumph, tragedy, or camaraderie among characters. Overall, "Kingdom" succeeds in captivating audiences with ...
Frieten is a masterpiece. The way it takes its time slowly building up two separate sets of characters by juxtaposing them against each other and relying on universally resonant and identifiable, human themes makes its storytelling hit so much harder than you'd expect. On the face of it, and if broken down into its constituent elements, it feels almost run of the mill in its makeup. Then you watch it (or read it! The manga is great too), and it just hits so different.. . You add a gorgeous art style, beautiful music, great voice work (in Japanese AND English, this is the rare anime where both ...
Abandoned by her own parents and with a bounty on her head, pitiful 8-year-old Femicia is forced to run far from her hometown to survive. She embarks on a journey, now truly alone. Weak, poor, homeless, and rummaging through dumps to survive.. . This is a fantasy anime that follows the unusual POV of an abandoned child. It is so adorable, but so tragic, it's hard not to root for her happiness.. . To address the elephant in the room, it's unadvisable to come into this show expecting a typical 'isekai' experience.. - It is not a power fantasy.. - It does not try to immediately hook you ...
The thing that had drawn me to this show was its amazing animation. This is as good of a tv show is going to look. Not only that, it does a fantastic job of blending in the VR CGI effects with the standard animation, which is usually a major pet peeve of mine.. . After now watching it, I can now also say the story is intriguing and engaging to recommend this show. It does start slow and meanders with filler episodes, but once the mystery becomes the main focus of the story, it shines.. . Again, the animation is some of Madhouse studio's best. The character expressions are ...
For a sport anime its really good i thought I wouldn't like it at first but after getting into it i loved it it sucks to see some of your favorite people go but at the same time some of them some of them are not who you really thought they were I love the action and colors of this anime more than most and i was engaged in the story almost every single second. . Also when it comes to character development they really don't hide it they run you through every single one of there awakenings and most of the important players backstories ...
Konnichiwa otakus,. NOTE: usually I dont write a review for any animes, so if there are any error, u r free to correct me or pls ignore it🙂. First of all I thank the author and the studios for creating such a wonderful anime.. As I said I normally don't write reviews but this anime forced me to.....because this not like any other isekai anime. Here, we can see the character development of the MC where builds up the strength instead of getting it in an instant. ...
In the 1930s the Great Depression prevented many from living since many were dying from starvation. During this period a bloodthirsty underworld came to life through which criminals made money with crime. The gangsters were in flashy dresses and with guns, and more often they were motivated with the family relations and individual emotions. Nonetheless, the world they lived in did not appear attractive, The Godfather movies illustrated the extremely dangerous consequences of being part of a gangster family.. . Baccano! explores this era through the stories of various gangsters with their own personalities. From scammers to murderers, freshmen to veterans, there is a variety of characters ...
Watching this with my totally not homo-homies has made me feel like a I could conquer any hardships, as in hard, along the way.. The anime is good at making you root for the relationship between the main cast.. And as a totally not-homosexual, I would love to be in the position of the main character and have a friend like Kurosawa who would treat me right, as every man should.. The "reading the mind" plot point is well handled, the character knows the intention and tries to shove it off.. Personally, I think it's a masterpiece. I just think it lacks a lot of anal sex.. EDIT: After ...
Mononoke has distinct story arcs. The Medicine Seller is the main character and he helps people with their psychological problems while battling monsters with his sword. It's a horror show, but not only about scaring the audience. It's also bizarre and enigmatic. The Umibozu arc is quite emotional highlighting that humans are indeed uncaring. The show is very symbolic, yet the story is never lost. It is also visually beautiful with traditional Japanese design and every detail intricate enough. The animation is not always perfect but it is still great. The music is just right. The Medicine Seller is a multifaceted character, being on one ...
This anime is very beautiful It deserves a score of 8 and above This score and low number of followers is really unacceptable. (this happened because of the awful trailer). A very peaceful and lovely atmosphere with a sad and adventurous story of a rejected girl. It has good art and the story is excellent in its genre.. The characters are very well made and realistic So far (episode 5) it was not boring and exceeded my expectations. Do not pay attention to the number of viewers and the low mal score and enjoy the anime.. .... In general, until this episode, I didn't find anything wrong with this anime, only ...
Adorable anime to watch, reminds you of young love and the days when you always came across shy or awkward when trying to express how you feel about another person. It's just a nice slice of life anime that brings a little humour and warmth for your old heart.. . There's nothing new here however, anyone who watches slice of life anime will have seen similar story telling before. But it's still worth a watch, even if the main protagonist is an awkward little person with emo hair. 😅. . Yamada is just super cute and funny as always. It does feel a lot more open to character development ...
I've said it multiple times: if Studio Trigger is given a good script, they have the capability to make something special. Their shows are gorgeous, but lack substance. After Kill la Kill, most of their projects have ranged from mediocre to awful, but the animation has always remained its quality.. . Thankfully, with Cyberpunk Edgerunners, it allowed them to sink their teeth into a story with strong drama and characters, and the result is a solid anime with a thumbs up from me.. . I will admit though, the first half is a lot stronger than the second half. The cast was established so well and you immediately ...
TL;DR - Looking for boring shounen training > battle arc? Go somewhere else. Everyone else: this is masterpiece level storytelling.. . Where some weebs really love a "Demon Slayer"-esque season of boring anime trite that culminates in a big flashy battle with slick animation that wraps up the season in a nice little bow, Heavenly Delusion takes its time. This was honestly the sleeper hit of the season when it was airing, and I couldn't believe more people weren't watching it. I'm glad -- albeit in retrospect -- this anime is getting more of the attention I thought it deserved.. . Heavenly Delusion is an anime that, by ...
A very unique, experimental and short OVA sold at a comic convention in 1997. If you enjoy obscure media, this is exactly for you!. . Few animes manage to capture the aesthetics of amateur 90s doujin. It reminds me a lot of Mahou Shoujo Diana, which has a similar origin.. The low quality, poor animation and unique art style combine strangely well together. The small plot is actually interesting, even though it's open-ended.. . I never comment about music in my reviews, however the OST here will surprise many, with artsy-electronic pop and deep bass.. . Truly a H hidden gem that only few will appreciate.
*BOKUYABA IS THAT ANIME THAT GETS BETTER WITH EACH EPISODE*. . WELL IF YOU ARE HERE IT MEANS YOU HAVE ALREADY SEEN THE FIRST SEASON. THE SECOND SEASON OF BOKUYABA CONTINUES TO SHOW US SWEET MOMENTS BETWEEN ICHI AND YAMADA AND HOW THEY ARE GETTING CLOSER MORE AND MORE BUT THAT'S NOT ALL OF IT SINCE CHAPTER 6 (THE CHAPTER THAT JUST AIR) WAS SIMPLY GLORIOUS. IT SHOWS US ONCE AGAIN WHY ICHIKAWA IS THE BEST PROTAGONIST OF THE ROMCOM AND WE DON'T EVEN GET TO THE CONFESSION (I WON'T SAY MORE TO AVOID SPOILERS). FINALLY AS A READER OF THE MANGA I TELL YOU THE ...
Your daily dose of cuteness and friendship is here!. . I would like to applaud "Miira no Kaikata" for being the cutest anime that knows how to be cute and wholesome without being forced or sexualized. How amazing! If I had to describe it I would jut say that this is perfect for some cozy afternoons with good laughs and a nice snack. I love how every tiny creature has its own personality and how they're all different.. . The themes of friendship and care are so adorable. It's safe to say that I'm attached to this anime and this giant family (not literal). Someone please take me there, ...
"Dangers of My Heart" Season 2 elevates the series from its already charming first season, transforming it into an unforgettable journey that resonates profoundly with its audience. This season stands out as a rare gem in the realm of romance anime, delivering exceptional character development, captivating fluid animation, and an enchanting musical score that enhances every scene.. . Season 1 laid the groundwork, offering a delightful narrative that, despite its seemingly uneventful plot, skillfully introduced us to the protagonist's awakening feelings for Yamada. It's a testament to the show's narrative strength, setting the stage for the emotional depth and complexity of Season 2.. . Season 2 is nothing short ...
This is peak ecchi anime right here! This is what's it's supposed to be all about!. . The charcthers are all amazing, especially the main girl having the "fake innocent" facade and then just going full perverted mode against tres magia (wich by the way each manage to be very unique on their own while fitting the Flat-chested, average, big chest stereotype). . The animation is actually superb, I just really love it (kinda reminds me of madoka magica in a more modern style) AND IT'S ALL UNCESORED, no bullshit, no boring plot points, you get exactly what you came for almost right away.. . I must however mention this is ...
Eng:. I was soooo sad when I saw that this anime is only for one season! It's one of those animes that you watch and leave with a warm heart and a sugary mouth, the two daddies are so cute even though they're not a gay couple, still, the story is very interesting, it has its degree of emotion and plots, because at the beginning of the anime you're like: "Omg how cute!!!" In the end, you're crying hahah but anyway, Buddy Daddies is one of the best anime about family and don't even tell me that it's a copy of Spy x Family because they ...
SUBARASHI. . I really recommend take a chance on this anime and the masterpiece material.. . The animation is getting better and better in each episode, some new stuff added as extras, witch is good.. . The animation delivers at climax moments, what I miss is havy use of effects, should have more like in the manhwa.. . Story step by step it's laying the characters little by little as it in the source material, with is good, I thought they would rush the material, but they didn't. The plot of the story will take a very long time to arrive on the anime, until there what we want is fighting scenes.. . Soundtrack is ...
Prepare to have your cravings and your chuckle muscles tickled simultaneously with the Lupin III x McDonald's commercials! It's a collision of fast-food fun and thievery antics that leaves you wondering: is the real treasure the Big Macs we stole along the way?. In these commercials, he's like the James Bond of fast food, but with a quirkier sense of style and a penchant for perfectly placed punchlines. Watching him outsmart his adversaries while chomping down on a Big Mac is pure entertainment gold.. . So, whether you're a die-hard Lupin fan or just someone who enjoys a good laugh with your McNuggets, do yourself a favour ...
Such a cute and fun romance series.. . Story 7.5/10. Good story, but not that different from other romance series. What makes the series stand out is not the story itself but the premise of Adachi being able to read minds. Things seem to be heating up though.. . Enjoyment 8.5/10. Comedic and cute with not too heavy a story, the series is really easy to watch. A fantastic palate cleanser that you can look forward to every week.. . Art and Sound 7/10. The art is exactly what you can expect from a smaller series. Nothing to complain about, nothing to praise, just good art. The same can be said about the sound, ...
I believe the issue of this show's production quality must be addressed straight away, because, depending on your predispositions, its visuals are capable of ruining any and all of your enjoyment of this story, which is really quite good, but more on that later.. . This anime starts off looking somewhat above average both in terms of its artwork and animation, but rather quickly its visuals start to deteriorate in a rather conspicuous manner, culminating in a crescendo of absolute shit, which is awful to the point of inducing second-hand embarrassment, that is episode nine, and afterwards never quite manage to reach the dizzying heights of mediocrity ...
Katsuren Omoro Soushi, from what I can tell, seems to be an anime produced for the express purpose of providing historical context for a particular museum in the city of Uruma, Okinawa that administers the ruins of Katsuren Castle, a place with marked cultural significance for the region due to the legend of the peasant-turned-king who once lived there, Amawari, and his complicated legacy as either a heroic king or villainous rebel depending on who you ask. I can't really say what exactly drew me to this anime, but having watched it I'll say this- it is an intriguing little anime, and while it doesn't ...
So to preface Kenja no Mago is a show which I have seen over 30x since it aired (I do not understand the rewatch mechanic on MAL).. Kenja no Mago is a somewhat unoriginal isekai that has fun with what it is. Starting with the MC, hes a bit thick skulled and not the most aware of what is and is not normal which the show plays with a lot specifically in regards to power and romance, but the people and world around him in general. The main appeals of KnM would be similar to shows such as Misfit of DK Academy and similar where he ...
I usually don't write reviews but I saw this was rated at 6.something and I thought it was too low.. . If you are like me and like anime that are set in historical Japan, like Demon Slayer, Rurouni Kenshin or Inuyasha, this is definitely worth a watch!. . The anime has everything you could ask for: smooth animation by White Fox like their other shows, nice character designs, amazing music, great voice acting and an interesting historical setting.. . Every episode is full of action and focuses on the group of main characters as they travel. There hasn't been a single episode that felt boring or slow so ...
Frieren is a great watch, whether you like the fantasy genre or not.. . The character design is a return to the simple face styling of Lerche's Carnival Phantasm (known by some as "advanced potato face") which I think is nice to look at, while the art style of the background is fittingly detailed.. . The story is generally a fun parody of isekai/fantasy tropes. Nevertheless, the characters are likable, and are well developed in their own right. Frieren in particular is very enjoyable to watch reacting to the events of the show. Even if you don't generally enjoy fantasy settings, this ...
Its engaging and entertaining story, well-developed characters and unique character dynamics, and its amazing production quality. The story is centered around a single male protagonist who ends up helping various female characters with their personal problems, such as his junior Kaede, who had forgotten her teen years, and Sakuta's friend and teammate Mai, who was experiencing a strange supernatural phenomenon. The characters are all well-developed and likeable, which makes their interactions and the various relationships among them quite interesting.. . I would recommend Rascal Does Not Dream of Bunny Girl Senpai to those looking for an engaging and entertaining story. It has a strong main character, likable ...
It builds on the previous season and takes things to a whole new level, with even greater stakes and higher stakes. The emotional intensity and tension are ratcheted up, and the story becomes more complex as we see different characters dealing with their own struggles and demons. The animation is top-notch, with incredible fight scenes and great visual effects that make the series even more immersive. The soundtrack also enhances the mood and adds a lot to the experience.. . I would definitely recommend Attack on Titan Season 3 Part 2 to those looking for an immersive and exhilarating experience. It has an epic and thrilling story, ...
It is a continuation of the original series that continues the story of Yuuta and Rikka and their relationship. The series has a beautiful and emotional story, with a perfect blend of humor and drama. The characters are well-developed and relatable, making them easy to get invested in. The art style is also incredible, with vivid animation and engaging backgrounds that bring the story to life. In addition, the soundtrack is top-notch, providing a good atmosphere for the series.. . I would definitely recommend Love, Chunibyo & Other Delusions: Heart Throb to those looking for an emotional journey and a heartwarming story. It provides a good balance ...
Komi Can't Communicate is a wonderful and heartwarming anime. It focuses on Komi, a quiet and shy girl who has difficulty communicating with others. As she tries her best to overcome her anxieties and insecurities, she meets a diverse group of classmates who support and accept her. They also form friendships and fall in love, which all provides for an entertaining and heartwarming experience. The animation is also top-notch, with beautiful character designs and expressive facial expressions. The soundtrack also adds a lot to the atmosphere of the series, with peaceful and emotional tracks that complement the storyline greatly.. . I would definitely recommend Komi Can't Communicate ...
Cells at Work is a unique and fun anime. It is based on human cells and cells from other organisms, and it takes a lighthearted and educational approach to the body and how it works. The animation style is vivid and energetic, which suits the series' lighthearted and fun tone. The plot is also engaging, with interesting lessons and entertaining moments. The story is centered around a single red blood cell, who goes on a thrilling adventure within the body and encounters a range of characters and obstacles along the way.. . Cells at Work is a fun and educational series that will certainly entertain and engage ...
It builds in the world established in the previous seasons and has a more mature and grounded feel. The characters have more depth, and the story feels more coherent and well-thought-out. The animation quality is also impressive, with dynamic fights and engaging environments. The soundtrack is also very good, with great music choices and emotional intensity. Although it may not have had the same level of bizarre and ridiculous action and humor as before, JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Diamond is Unbreakable is a great entry in the series.. . I would recommend JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Diamond is Unbreakable to those looking for something more grounded and mature. However, ...
omg! I'm in love w/this anime! I just finished it just now, visit myanimelist and I'll start writing the review with my language limitations. the story is so light, warm, and touchful, I love pazu's character, his so brave and has a warm heart, and amazingly the grandma will still have a maternal nature as well.. . the story is amazing! and the animation was so good! love it!. i totally recommended this anime's one, Studio Ghibli is always being my favorite in all my time, so you need to watch it too ^^. . i hope pazu and sheeta will always happy forever as happy as mama and ...
It's quite the unique and entertaining experience. The animation quality is extremely good with fluid movements, dynamic fights, and realistic details that add to the overall atmosphere of the series. The soundtrack is also very high-quality, with good music choices that match the tone of the scenes. The plot is also very unique and engaging, as it is set within a zombie apocalypse where high school students have to fight to survive.. . I would recommend Highschool of the Dead to those looking for something action-packed and entertaining. It's full of memorable and thrilling moments, with the zombie apocalypse setting making things even more exciting. The animation ...
The art style and character design was truly beautiful. I found the show very captivating and it held my attention well which can be rare. I loved the side characters, storyline, and how each episode there was a new mystery to unfold. This show felt as if there was a lot of effort put in from the writers and animators which really made it special.. . I started this show thinking that it was a romance, but nothing fully blossomed in that department.. When I finished it, I double checked to find that it’s not actually categorized as a romance so that makes sense. If there ...
Watched over the course of 3 weeks as part of watch parties on the "The Paradox" Discord server (a Discord server based around the “The FeMC Paradox” series of Persona fanfics on AO3; link to join here: https://discord.gg/xy5yYFM7, and you can read the fics themselves here: https://archiveofourown.org/series/3456529).. . I’ll be honest, going into this show, I admittedly wasn’t sure if I was going to like it. I’m still very green when it comes to anime and I don’t normally watch slice of life stuff like this.. . That being said… I ended up absolutely loving Bocchi the Rock! This was a riot of a show! Probably the most I’ve ...
Frieren: Beyond Journey's End is a slow anime. And not in a bad way. As Ms. Frieren is an elf and is henceforth very long lived, she has done many things during her life. After watching people she cared about grow old and die while she remains the same, Ms. Frieren doesn't see the point in getting to know other people anymore. "Why does it matter?" is a question she asked the Hero Himmel any time he coaxed her to speak with the people they help along their journey. Himmel understood that the Hero's party was a once in a lifetime event for himself and ...
The beginning starts out realistic, where a Dr. Aoi gets isekai'd. BUT This isn't your usual terrible isekai. It is so much better.. As the story progresses, Gekai Elise becomes a heartfelt and authentic journey of a young lady proving to people that she can become a surgeon. Despite her previous life flaws, Elise demonstrates with her knowledge and skills that she is a better person and puts her doctor skills to help people in need.. What makes Gekai Elise unique is there is real healthcare knowledge used in the anime, and there is great progression and character development between Elise and the characters around ...
JJK is one of those anime that hits hard when it hits. It awakens things anime viewers think are long dead, that passion to keep continuing to think about the anime and the plot when no episodes are airing and it's one of those anime that you cannot forget.. . Season 1 was not exactly ground breaking. The manga itself apparently was in danger of being axed and so Gege had to add some suspense to it. JJK was struggling to break through mediocrity and avoid being canceled, and this move by Gege was successful. The story progressed well and season 1 stood out as a good ...
Clannad is based on a visual novel produced by Kyoto Animation. The female cast of the series is quite big, something usual for this genre. Nonetheless, is not a harem anime. It has romantic storylines , drama and humor that lift it beyond the genre parameters.. . In many aspects, Clannad follows a structure akin to Kanon (2006). Fuko's arc, in particular, shares numerous parallels with Makoto's, even down to the episode count. However, Clannad distinguishes itself by infusing more humor at the expense of some drama. While both arcs are enjoyable, reducing Clannad to a mere rehashing of the same plot with different characters would be ...
The visual presentation of the first episode was so strong, I was in awe of MAPPA’s balls of steel – they really expected me to pretend like I believe they’ll be able to keep up this level of production value for the rest of the series. Of course they didn’t. It was such obvious bait, I was almost amused. The cheek – the absolute cheek!. . Episode 1 felt as though it were directed by Akiyuki Shinbou. I cannot emphasize enough how fantastic it looked – fully built 3D environments that allowed for immersive camera movements, a Ghibli-esque amount of everchanging facial expressions, the whole 9 yards. ...
Jujutsu Kaisen literally translates to Sorcery Fight. It is an adaptation of the manga written by Akutami Gege, serialized in Shounen Jump since March of 2018. As of the years 2020-2021, it is probably the most hyped up shounen show in existence, more so even than the Bleach sequel. It is safe to say I had high expectations for it and was pumped to watch the series as soon as possible. My buddy and I took forever to match our schedules, and when we finally made time for it, I was as excited as one can be for unknown media. Were my expectations met? Short ...
I watched in a theater, with Japanese audio and English subtitles.. . Positive:. A very expressive and consistent movie meditating on life, and the desire and conflict that controls the process of living. An allegory for moving on from loss and war, and the flawed creators of the old world. The point is about inheriting the curses and blessings from the previous generation. The concept and execution is very ambitious, with visual metaphor that is tactile and confident. Each moment in the movie is expressed by high detail in multiple moving parts, and the spaces conveyed are vast and non-linear which is very thought provoking. The emotion is ...
What a season of TV!. . Psycho-Pass presents an interesting dystopian future & does an excellent job exploring the realities, benefits & drawbacks of the society that something like the SIBYL system creates. Of course some episodes are better than others (this is still a 20+ episode TV season after all), but there’s more bangers than misses overall, but even the misses are still pretty good episodes.. . Of course, all the characters are great, but the standouts are definitely the central characters of Akane, Kogami & Makishima. The former pair make for interesting protagonists to learn more about whilst Makishima makes for an interesting exemplar for the ...
"Rascal Does Not Dream of Bunny Girl Senpai" is one of the best romance series in recent years in my opinion. The show explores the concept of Puberty Syndrome, a mysterious condition affecting teenagers with supernatural symptoms. The main character of the story is Sakuta Azusagawa, a high school student who encounters Mai Sakurajima, a former child actress plagued by the syndrome.. . this anime really nails the romantic aspects. Unlike many other romance anime that rely on clichés and excessive fan service, "Rascal Does Not Dream of Bunny Girl Senpai" gives you a genuine and heartfelt story. The relationship between Sakuta and Mai is beautifully portrayed, ...
This very much feels like the first half of a really strong season, which… yeah, it is. It’s a lot of setup for some major matches that will come to pass in the next half of this season. As such, it doesn’t have the oomph of the previous seasons, at least not yet. That’s not a huge problem, especially since this season has one of the better training arcs with Hinata in particular, but I do think that focus comes at the cost of showing growth in other characters as well. All that being said, it’s some great build-up and I’m looking forward to seeing ...
Code Geass is an anime that I didn’t expect all that much walking into, but it really surprised me! I’ve seen this show get a lot of positive ratings from fans, and I've heard nothing but praise for it, so I decided to check it out and see what the hype is all about. And oh my god… I get it now!. . This anime follows exiled prince Lelouch Vi Britannia, who gets caught up in the middle of an attack from the Britannian empire. He meets this mysterious girl named C.C. who gives him the power of Geass, which allows him to manipulate others at his ...
The love between husband and wife is shown very beautifully and sweetly in this anime. The simplicity of married life is shown, the romance that blooms from living together is portrayed. The beauty of masculinity and femininity is shown through the story and the simple sweetness of domestic life.. . Saimorie miyo's voice acting is perfect and very well suited to the character. The actress who played her did a wondaful job. In some ways this story reminded me of In this corner of the world... She is forced to marry a man... and from then on, love blossoms like the cherry tree. The ways ...
It's a delightful and heartwarming series with well-developed characters and an engaging story. The characters are all well-rounded and relatable, and the way they interact and develop over the course of the series makes for an enjoyable and engaging experience. The animation and production values are also excellent, with fluid movements and memorable scenes. The soundtrack is also very emotional and moving, adding a lot to the overall atmosphere and engagement of the series.. . I would recommend Miss Kobayashi's Dragon Maid to those looking for a heartwarming and entertaining experience. It offers a great blend of comedy, slice-of-life moments, and emotional moments, making for a well-rounded ...
It's a unique and entertaining experience. The characters are incredibly well-developed and relatable, with a great balance of humor and drama. The animation quality is top-notch, with fluid character movements and engaging backgrounds. The soundtrack is also great, adding to the atmosphere and emotion of the series. The story is also incredibly engaging and entertaining, with characters going through great arcs and facing challenges. In short, Love, Chunibyo, and Other Delusions! is definitely worth watching.. . Yes, I would definitely recommend this series to those looking for an entertaining and engaging experience. The characters are well-developed and relatable, and the story will keep you hooked. The animation ...
It's an intense and entertaining anime with a good balance of action and drama. The characters are all well-developed and relatable, and the plot moves at a steady pace. The animation and soundtrack are top-notch, providing an immersive and engaging. The fights and action scenes are intense and entertaining, but at the same time the emotional scenes and deep characterization also provide a good balance. Overall, Chainsaw Man is an excellent anime that will certainly appeal to those looking for something dark and entertaining.. . I would recommend it to anyone looking for something with deep characters, intense action, and a unique story. Chainsaw Man is dark ...
It's a well-rounded and entertaining anime experience. The story is very strong, with the mix of humor and drama being perfectly balanced. The characters are well-developed and likable, making it easy to get invested in their stories. The animation and soundtrack are also top-notch, adding to the overall atmosphere and engagement of the series. In summary, Spy X Family season 2 is an entertaining and well-rounded season that will certainly please most anime fans.. . Spy X Family season 2 is a thoroughly entertaining and well-rounded anime season that should definitely be watched by those looking for a funny, endearing and action-packed experience. The humor is well-written ...
Ok its Ecchi Harem fanservice with many fetishes, but the series knows it and is at least trying to give the biggest power fantasy it can possibly give and it has a few decent action scenes in between.. . I don't get why people always give these animes way lower scores than even the actual garbage that doesn't even bother doing the full fanservice. Lets take something else this season Yubisaki to Renren, i couldn't even get past the first episode because despite trying high class anime its still cute anime characters that has a niche fetish of "can't speak". This show maybe a bit raunchy ...
while it's not a canon story, it still have that Spy x Family charm to it!. . this movie Upgrade everything! like more expression on every character especially Anya, she got more expressive on this movie. the visual while it's not the most beautiful, it still really good!. Story is really simple, but they manage to make it exciting for the viewer. you don't need a lot of braincells to understand the story and the plot coz it's really simple. the villain well, kinda goofy. i mean it's Spy x Family sothe villain is not those really evil individuals that want to destroy the world or something.. but ...
This anime is the salvage of this season. Buried deep beneath of this seasonal choices that first catch the eye.. . The Weakest Tamer Began a Journey to Pick Up Trash is indeed came as a pleasant surprise with its nice animation quality and its unique isekai setting. However my main intentions to review it this early is for two reasons.. . If you are highly sensitive, there are a few things you have to know about this before you start.. . It has two main factors that for me personally makes it a hard watch.. . 1. It is extremely adorable.. 2. It is way too dramatic. ...
Clearly, one of the best animes I've ever watched. Steins;Gate, a story about a self-proclaimed mad scientist, Hououin Kyouma or. maybe you know Okabe. . I don't know whether I could tell that the story is fully revolving around him or no. . Steins;Gate was a wonderful journey.. . It took me at least 3 years to get past the first 3 episodes.. Keep repeating, and repeating.. ...
While not perfect by any means, this is the perfect example of a well executed movie following a TV season.. Whoever cared about original series will be treated by more of it and this time it's even better, as a movie should pacing is great and payoff at the end leaves you fully satisfied, truly.. . Keeping it short, it's a direct follow up after Season 1 story, no filler content or fully made up storyline, while lightnovel is obviously way more detailed and slower paced than anime, I feel like creators did a fantastic job portraying this story so far and keeping it exciting as honestly one ...
I wasn't initially going to watch this, until I saw it on a YouTuber's "what I'm going to watch" video and thought the premise actually sounded interesting enough.. . I'm seriously glad I did check it out, as it's probably one of those rare gems that will fly under most people's radars this season.. . Now, a lot of people are calling this an isekai or otome game/villainess story and I can certainly see why, as the story does lead you to think that, but I wouldn't personally class it as such. It's actually just a fantasy reincarnation story with a lot of features of those previously mentioned ...
Now this is how you do animal lympics the right way. Way better that the american Animalympics. It was cute, sweet, adorable, animated perfectly. I do miss the voice acting, and I know I complain a lot about missing voice acting in the first animes, but it is a bit annoying that some do have voice acting, or music, and then the next is complete silent film. The animation is quit beatiful, although a bit janky at time. There is also a bit of a weird cut. And I guess they wanted to capture the feeling of one of the earlier modern Olympic games, ...
Like the previous season, COTE S3 continues to serve as a very interesting drama anime that puts forward the true cruelty that lies within people and their struggle for power, no matter how over exaggerated this representation is.. . It's very weird to explain what hooks me to watch this anime and its subsequent seasons however. The drama is predictable at best (though there are decent plot twists throughout), the characters feel somewhat flat and unrealistic (they're either the usual very OP villains and protags and stuff like that or just flat out useless, boring side characters), and the plot itself leaves a whole lot of holes ...
Mobile Suit Gundam is and enormous work. Much like having seen any movie since 1950 is to know Citizen Kane, it is impossible not to know of Gundam if you have even a passing interest in the mecha genre. However, that is not the same as "Experiencing" Gundam. While subsequent shows exhibit the same plot beats, the same stylings, the same characterizations as Gundam; there is no substituting the keen understanding of the violence and the status quo that Tomino and team brought to this seminal work.. . Having been cruelly cast out into space, the newfound Spacenoid humans struggle for independence from the Earth government. A ...
This honestly may be my favorite war movie of all time simply because it manages to be both a highly gripping take on war but also very entertaining. You don't have to endure the extremely harsh and frankly dull monotony of death that actually makes up most of war yet you are still shown realistic fates of those thrust into a conflict in a beautifully realized world. Venus Wars excels in showing the individual in war, not just at their most futile but at their most powerful. The climax of the movie had me almost breathless and the ending made was one of the ...
tl;dr: A solid continuation that evolves spectacularly in the second half.. . Ultra Romantic is the third season of Kaguya-sama: Love is War which continues the tale of Shirogane and Shinomiya trying to get each other to confess. This season picks up exactly where the previous season left off, and for the first half or so it’s pretty much just a continuation of the previous season that doesn’t really evolve in anyway. That’s certainly not a bad thing, as the previous season was great and the set up still had quite a bit of room for more content without needing to evolve. The comedy is as great ...
7.5/10. . "Tokyo Revengers" is the first anime I watched about gangs, so I don't know how reliable my opinion is at this level, since I don't have any comparison standards. Overall, I enjoyed the first season a lot: engaging plot, cool characters, good fight scenes, etc., and it was very interesting to me, because I'd never seen animes regarding these themes, so it felt like a whole new thing for me, thus it made it very exciting. I like the base story a lot: the main character, Takemichi, has to travel back in time to save his ex-girlfriend from being killed by the Tokyo ...
i've never heard anyone talk about this work of art, it holds a great plot fitting for the "sport anime" genre, even tho some ppl may not view it as a sport. and if you've ever watched and enjoyed haikyuu, you'd definetly enjoy Ballroom e youkoso. although season 2 did not hit me as hard as the first season did, it's still a show that you'd confortably watch infront of your screen.. . loved the artstyle and the main characters developement, surely after he realised that he finally is doing something he enjoys and makes him feel alive.. . great watch, would totally recommend for drama, romance and sports ...
Watching Seto no Hanayome was quite the experience. The humor didn't quite resonate with me overall, as the show heavily relies on comedy. While there was one episode that had me in stitches, most fell flat, and some were downright dreadful. The characters also left much to be desired, with many being simplistic comedic archetypes. The female lead is passable, and a few side characters manage to stand out, but the male lead often comes across as rather weak. However, I've seen worse, and he does have his moments of brilliance. Romance is a significant aspect, though it's just average. While there are better romantic ...
Lovely Complex is one of the best romance narratives in my viewing experience. Rather than conforming to the typical tropes of love stories, it ventures into inventive territory, daring to challenge conventional notions of romance. It has pacing issues in the latter half. However, it still remains a must watch for its refreshing departure from the cliches that saturate the genre.. . Plot wise, I found the premise captivating. The dynamic between Risa, towering over Otani, and their initial quest to find love for each other, only to realize their own feelings, is both endearing and engaging. Unlike other shows where confessions of love are rushed, here ...
Not your average highschool / Isekai anime, Whatever you think to expect is probably wrong. It's god wholesome fun with found family, friendships, mystery and more. Expect the unexpected even if you think you know what's going to happen it still may not happen quite how you expect - It's all about the journey more then the destination with this one.. . But it's not all fun and games all the time and knows how and when to be series. A large colourful cast of characters that are nearly unforgettable. Over all a series you shouldn't skip over, seeing is believing and you simply can't judge with ...
This movie might not have been the best of Ghibli's productions but it was stunning none the least.. . The first thing that always strucks when watching a ghibli movie is the beautiful scenery and attention to detail and animation,. They always have a way of making the world magical and really stand out, and this movie was no exception.. . The story wasn't the best of it peers but I still think it was a good outro to the studios retirement.. . I hope in the future some one well take on this legacy of fine animation that studio ghibli left behind, ig well see..
Black Lagoon is a show that at first I wasn't sure if I was going to like. At first it just seemed like everyone was yelling and swearing. Revy initially annoyed me as she was always throwing fits and acted entitled, but I persisted and I'm really glad I did! After the first couple I got the appeal and it grew on me. Imagine a female Archer written by Quentin Tarantino. It's awesome! It's hilarious! Because it's more mission by mission instead of a real ongoing storyline there isn't always much development but we do get nice character moments throughout. My favorite arcs this season ...
Growing up as a diehard Batman fan, this might have actually been my first anime. I watched it several times before knowing what anime even was. To me this is essential viewing for DC fans and anime fans should enjoy it as well. It consists of six stories produced from Studio 4 °C (Memories), Production I.G. (Ghost in the Shell), Bee Train (.hack//) and Madhouse (Death Note). Although they range in quality, there's no bad one per se. I don't love the animation in the first story, Have I Got a Story for You, and the ending to the fifth one, Working Through Pain, admittedly ...
Looking for some isekai trash? Revenge? Level/Stat system? Power leveling? Cheats? Harem? Fan service? A sob/melancholic start? Shallow world-building? Stupid side/extra characters to make the main one look good?. Well what are you doing here? This is the wrong anime.. . Not looking for those?. Uhhh welp, I'll keep this short, this is Dungeon Meshi. An original fantasy story by RPG geek Ryoko Kui.. She puts her knowledge of RPGs on full display and crafts a world where each character, race, monster and place fits into the story. Layers of this world and characters will be peeled back and revealed to you as you progress in each episode.. And Ryoko ...
This isn't just the greatest anime movie, it's one of the best movies ever. The animation is revolutionary and still holds up strong today! It is uniquely scored with a mix of tribal and choir music instead of just plain techno the 80s are known for. The characters all have something going on and become instant icons in their own right. The story is phenomenal! It's not an easy task condensing the manga into two hours, so Katsuhiro Otomo tells an alternate version of his tale that still hits all the themes and messages he presents in his original work. This is the rare film, ...
"Kekkon Yubiwa Monogatari" also known as "Tales of Wedding Rings" is a fine Ecchi anime.. . I was watching the first episode and was getting bored than the stuff mentioned in the show's title happened and I was still bored than the ending started and I looked at the image of all the princess and decided to watch the next episodes.. After which I kept watching episode 2 and also started doing some work in my room and was less bored. Some fine moments. From "fine" I mean 6/10 stuff. The setup is introduced for the ecchi anime which is typical and predictable. Which can be either ...
I highly recommend it, but I can't understand why the rating is so low.. . The only problem is having to watch 52 episodes of the series before seeing this sequel. Even though it's not little, 52 for many people is a lot.. . The art is very beautiful and the animation is pleasant.. . It's not more of the same compared to the classic anime, mainly because the protagonist's personality is different. The part where he criticized the bizarreness of Over Souls is very good.. . It's certainly one of the best animes of the season, but it won't gain as much fame even with a smaller season in terms of the ...
The start of this felt a little off but it definitely improved as the movie went on. There's something that I do like about it and some things I don't which left me little lukewarm overall. When it started the animation seemed a bit off to me. Maybe the kind of color pallet they used or the way they shaded but again as the movie went on it grew on me. I think some of the characters are nice even if some of the traits felt reused from Studio Triggers other works (Kamina) but some of the characters fell a little flat, that being the ...
This was quite an enjoyable watch, each mystery was good and each was better than the last in my opinion. While lacking an overarching narrative it managed to create an enjoyable main character to link each mystery together. The writing in each story had good progression and had me interested to see what the answer, or "shape, truth and reasoning" would be. The art style in this is definitely one of the most unique I've seen in an anime with a traditional Japanese style its a joy to watch, and with the final culminating scene of each story being a feast for the eyes,. While ...
more of a 8.5/10. its my first artsy fartsy anime and the way they portrayed art - was simple and interesting enough for someone who knows nothing about art. main character was also relatable with the fact that he was untalented but then his talent could be very well his hardworking nature. I liked that when the main character went to the museum, he was like uh i guess i like this because it'll brighten up the hallway - very relatable again.. inspiring and nice to see. and of course, there were those talented characters in contrast. all the characters were quite likeable overall.
I am trans now, she/her please :3. . This show is both, wacky, questionable, and wholesome. I can't say that it is an amazing show by any means, but if you look past the first episode, and watch it as a non gender bender anime, then it really gets much better to watch through.. . This show is both, wacky, questionable, and wholesome. I can't say that it is an amazing show by any means, but if you look past the first episode, and watch it as a non gender bender anime, then it really gets much better to watch through.. . This show is both, wacky, questionable, and wholesome. I ...
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, BEHOLD THE LORD OF THE RINGS OF ANIME.. . BEHOLD A MASTERPIECE.. . This is not one of these reviews where they milk analyze the Sh*t out of a show and break down every single detail —I don't even understand them, let alone write one. This review is primarily based on emotions.. . I have a keen sense for fantasy shows, surely. I've been watching too many shows and reading too many books of that sort.. . Therefore, an author who wishes to snare me into liking... NO, loving their show has to walk a very thin line of using the fantasy troops that we already like and manifesting ...
One of the greatest television shows of all time. Close enough to perfect to warrant a 10/10. The only real flaw is that there's a couple of episodes which are a bit flabby.. . The characters are well written, the (Japanese) acting is great - really great in places - and it's a straight-up adult SF adventure with just a slight touch of anime cliches. No high-school kids trying to get their rocks off; no "funny" aliens. Just a bunch of people trying to get by without worrying too much about the past. Which is where the overall story comes in - not dealing with your ...
God damn, this may be the best anime this season. I pity the people sleeping on this. An anime original with great animation, sound, visuals, characters and that too an ever expanding lore, sign me in. That clown girl had some hot moves in ep5. I am completely hooked as of ep5. Op and ed are absolute bangers in and of themselves, and battle music goes hard too.. . People be dumb for hating good dystopian shows, just because the story is confusing or slow at first. The real fun happens when you give it enough time to unfold and amuse us lol. I am definitely watching ...
Perfect Blue is basically the original "Oshi no Ko". The movie follows the life of Mima as she attemps to transition from a stagnating singing career as an idol to an acting career. Things however don't go as smoothly as she hoped and she catches wind of a particularly detailed fan site of hers and we learn that the entertainment industry and everything revolving around it definitely have their share of bad apples.. . The movie itself is a psychological thriller at its core. It's very dark throughout its entire runtime with barely any glimpses of anything cheerful. I enjoyed this direction as it spawned this sense ...
I won't take your time too long, so... Boukensha ni Naritai to Miyako ni Deteitta Musume ga S-Rank ni Natteta is a story about the importance of family. In contrast to the current extreme feminist offensive in real life, the authors of this story show how important the father's role is in parenting and in his attitude towards children, especially daughters. This not only provides support and shapes morality, but also prevents the emergence of pathologies. This anime beautifully made me believe that there are still normal people in this world and they remember about life facts.. . Moreover, the whole storyline is told in a very ...
I wanted to wait as long as I could for a possible dub, but after contacting Crunchyroll and getting a message back saying they can't bring dubs to every show, I took that as my cue to watch, and boy was it worth it.. . The show is intense- extremely emotional from multiple viewpoints. It includes some hard discussions, great parenting, love, friendship, plenty of the characters that were popular in the previous adaptions, and so so much more. The story is starts great with a short sideshow in a different relationship that I can't wait to get expound upon, and continues into the wonderful relationship of ...
Pack with action, comedy and of course family. When you think Anya doesn't get weirder, she got weirder.. . The animation, cinematography, color all of those are muach muach muach love it! Each member of the family has their own action scene and time to shine, even Bond. Anya get the weirder one for sure. There's a moment in the movie I was like "where the hell is this animation come from?". . Those sound effect also spectacular, hence I recommend to watch it in cinema if it is available in your country!. The plot is pretty simple and straight to the point with funny moment here and there, but ...
Got to watch this in theaters today as part of the Satoshi Kon Fest, really glad I did because this movie was really good.. First, the animation and visuals in this movie are amazing, when some of the dreams are being shown everything is so colorful and detailed. The transitions with some of the dreams were really really cool, very well done.. The story was pretty good, had a lot of surprises and turns, and ends pretty well at the end of the movie.. Movie is very fun and I recommend it. I gotta say it, I wish we could have gotten to see some more things ...
A great film.. . It's simply outstanding—a charming romance with a hint of drama. The premise is straightforward, as is the world and its characters, yet this simplicity doesn't detract from its ability to deliver something truly remarkable and, in many ways, well-crafted. With a beginning, middle, and end, we're taken on a journey alongside a lovely couple who support each other in a relationship characterized by openness and mutual respect. Their bond is a joy to witness. This movie is sure to lift your spirits. And the final scene, in particular, is the icing on the cake, making it all the more worthwhile to experience the ...
This had a very classic Dragon Ball story. I love how it managed to bring most of the cast in (even if some were just cameos) and the callbacks to lore that seemed long forgotten. Of the modern Dragon Ball movies (Battle of Gods-now) this is easily the best written. The animation takes awhile to get used to. There are some moments where it looks really odd/kinda bad, but the last 30-45 minutes look beautiful. One very glaring issue though is the vibe is kinda off. As mentioned the story is very classic and it’s animation style eventually reminded me of the manga and was ...
Bright, colourful, fun, different.. As a fan of zombie shows and movies, Zom 100 is fresh and fun, the various paint colours for blood in particular making it more interesting to watch. It has its heavy moments but then it is still a zombie show. Having likable and fun loving characters helps push those scenes forward. If you're looking for something fun and different from the usual zombie thing it's an easy watch, only being 12 episodes.. . The only thing it fell down on was having a bit more character development. The characters are fun but besides the main character they are a bit one dimensional. ...
Not an Isekai, not a reverse Isekai, but it's main theme is to be an Isekai. The secret of it's success is not to take itself seriously, but the author placed her heart in the creation of this work.. . At the beginning, you will think is another Isekai/Videogame related anime that tries to be funny within it's action oriented plot (like Konosuba). But soon you will find it has it's own soul. A vorpal based soul.. . If you have a life within gaming communities and you've enjoyed MMORPG's this anime is a must.. . SLF is action packed comedy with slice of life storytelling and some memorable characters. Music ...
Hayate no Gotoku relies on random Japanese cultural references, breaking the fourth wall, and embracing absurdity to create humor. However, the plot of Hayate no Gotoku is either nonexistent or a cliche. It follows the story of a downtrodden man who meets a girl and suddenly finds himself with superhuman abilities, fending off various characters. This narrative structure is not something new, Hayate no Gotoku isn't about deep plots. Rather, it's about relentless humor that keeps audiences hooked for all 52 episodes.. . However, viewers who are not familiar with anime cliches and Japanese culture may not understand some of the jokes. This might make the show ...
Synopsis:. MC is reincarnated into the villainess, Yumiella Dolkness, of a dating sim game she played in her previous life. In this game, there is a main cast of characters that defeat the demon lord and after doing so have to defeat Yumiella. The Yumiella being an overpowered character has to navigate difficult social interactions and life because others are wary of her.. . Overview:. The anime is slightly comedic with romantic undertones. Although it is an isekai with an overpowered character a good portion of the time is dedicated to relationships; the MC still displays her power and repeatedly proves doubters wrong. The anime mainly takes place ...
Darker Than Black takes place in an alternate Tokyo where a towering wall called Hell's Gate separates the city from a mysterious area. Within this setting, superhuman individuals known as contractors engage in battles on the streets, creating a thrilling and enigmatic backdrop.. . The storytelling of Darker Than Black is its forte, meticulously building upon itself with a methodical pace. While not as lightning paced as typical Shounen anime, its narrative maintains a compelling rhythm, ensuring engagement for most viewers. It kicks off with two introductory arcs, followed by character focused storylines interspersed with narrative and comedic arcs that still contribute to the overarching plot.. . At the ...
Aina Suzuki made the perfect opening for this anime.. The story of Femicia, now Ivy is that of a girl looking for a place where she can stay and live without being persecuted by the village that saw her grow up and firmly believes that she will only bring more misfortunes by being a tamer without stars.. Taking refuge in forests, caves and trees, with a strange slime she managed to tame.. Surviving on the leftovers of other adventurers is the great message that 'one person's trash is another person's treasure.'', while showing us Ivy's day to day life with a good animation.. The opening made me ...
This anime starts off quite boring, but then, man, what an incredible ending! It went from dull to amazing in no time.. The art style is really beautiful, even though I'm not a big fan of cyberpunk, it manages to bring an incredible balance.. The story follows a linear and quite predictable path until episode 6, but from there on, it's surprise after surprise. Solid 10 without a doubt.. Avaliação geralEste anime começa bem chato, mas então, cara, que final incrível! Passou de monótono a incrível em pouco tempo.. O estilo de arte é realmente lindo, mesmo não sendo muito fã de cyberpunk, consegue trazer um equilíbrio incrível.. A história ...
Pretty good so far, the pacing in the first episode is really fast but I'm glad they fixed the pacing on the rest of the episodes. animation seems like a downgrade from the last season (kyoto saga) but it still looks decent, music is still full bangers as expected from hiroyuki sawano and kohta yamamoto, and i got used to the new artstyle.. . the plot reveals were handled so well though, really satisfied with how this season is turning out. can't wait to see the conclusion of this season, very excited as a manga reader.. . i hope studio VOLN continue the rest of the series ...
This is season is amazing dude.. . I will say it did a bit of a rocky start because the first 7 episodes are dedicated to breaking up the mugen train movie into episdoes.. . Which again I knew was coming but still Did not it as much But they did announce it before hand so it didnt ruin the show for me.. . The 11 episodes of the ED Arc. Are fanstatic it will put some hair on your chest Like the last like 5-6 episodes are almost non stop action NEVER STOPPING. . Even Zenitsu had some cool moments when not even asleep. So Zenistu when awake is just always crying ...
God.. . This show is so good.. . I love the animation in this show It's so good There is a reason why Episode 19 broke the internet Because of the animation in that was mind blowing ufotable came and they came in And they cooked. Its hard to think that its animation. Like the show is so beautiful.. . The story is simple And has a likeable cast of characters.. . And the visuals are so good Even when characters are just talking Or exisiting its really good. It just looks great to look at. . It feels like in episode 19 your eyeball clitors being sitmulated for 30 straight minutes it's so good ...
The first season is an aboslute masterpiece in every way possible. . The characters are well written the jokes land. The animation is beyond Beautiful and The whole cast of characters is amazing. . I really like how Saitama lets himself get beat up on purpose, Because of how strong he is. And eends it with a Punch. . This an absolute must watch Even if you dont like Anime.. . The story is well done. It's very simple.. . ...
Kyou Kara Ore Wa!! is an absolute gem in the world of comedy anime, delivering non-stop laughs and memorable moments from start to finish. This series follows the hilarious misadventures of two unlikely friends, Takashi and Shinji, as they navigate the turbulent waters of adolescence with their own unique brand of charm and ineptitude.. . What sets Kyou Kara Ore Wa!! apart is its brilliant blend of slapstick humor, witty dialogue, and endearing character dynamics. Takashi and Shinji's bumbling attempts to carve out a place for themselves in their new school and the world at large are equal parts relatable and uproarious. Whether they're stumbling into absurd ...
Ill keep it short and simple i dont really do reviews but this is rated way too low like a 6.8? To me its a solid 8.5. The first episode is usually where you decide to give a show 2 or 3 episodes to decide if its worth watching the rest but its worth it to give an hour of your life to. If your like a fantasy monster slaying action anime with smooth eye catching animation studio white fox you dont have to worry about it being bad they have a long list of good shows theyve brought to life and this is rated ...
If you are into comedy isekai this is 100% for you. Although Monster But Wild has a fairly basic story, in regards to its writing, comedy, and art style this show takes itself very seriously. Monster But Wild is an inherently an unserious show which can be binged in a day or two. It's a fairly quick watch which I found to be incredibly enjoyable, the main characters are pretty likeable unlike certain other isekais, (looking at you SAO) and has pretty good animation and scenery dispite its 3d art style. Monster But Wild is an enjoyable watch for anyone looking for something quick.
[TL;DR: Excellent insight into the world of anime creation. Great art, animation, industry insight and some drama to spice things up. If you ever wanted to know how the proverbial sausage is made, Shirobako is highly recommended!]. . What Bakuman is to manga and New Game! is to video games, Shirobako is to anime. It's the quintessential industry piece, and eerie look behind the curtain to see how what you are watching is actually made. The anime mainly follows Aoi Miyamori, a fresh face at Musashino Animation's production staff and her dream to fulfill the promise she made with her four high-school friends to produce their very ...
Megami no Café Terrace is a harem romcom, and it's a pretty enjoyable one. I recommend it for any romcom enjoyer and I'll try to explain why down below.. . I'll give some details regarding the strengths and the weaknesses of this show, while bearing in mind that this review is based on romcom standards.. . . Strengths :. . + The male MC, Hayato is a "normal" dude, meaning that he doesn't fit the loser/virgin mc archetype, therefore there won't be any cringe scenes with unbelievable reactions, where the dude becomes unhinged by talking with a woman etc.... . + Riho Tsukishima best girl. ...
Higurashi is one of my favorite anime! So, I watched it a bit out of order. Season 2- then 1 last. I'll do the ova soon. But WOW i really enjoyed this season! I do understand why people say its confusing. Of course watch season 2 to understand it better! I really loved this series so much. I love this season since it doesn't repeat as much as the others. Which can get a bit boring. So I half watch where I know what happens. I really love this series so I will definitely try out the game sometime soon! Over all it ends so ...
Watch it until the Jananda Islanda Arc and it's a masterpiece 10/10.. . Spare yourself the pain/anguish/anger/disappointment of going further as well as the following seasons. Just pretend they were never created or existed in the first place.. . The format of the review forces me to write more info about the anime, so here it is.. I have watched it fully and S2. I constantly regret my decision. I'll try to erase my memories up to the Jananda Island Arc. I cannot put into words how bad the anime gets. It's like looking at a sex joke made between coworkers on a sheet of toilet paper passed ...
Watch it until the Jananda Islanda Arc and it's a masterpiece 10/10.. . Spare yourself the pain/anguish/anger/disappointment of going further as well as the following seasons. Just pretend they were never created or existed in the first place.. . The format of the review forces me to write more info about the anime, so here it is.. I have watched it fully and S2. I constantly regret my decision. I'll try to erase my memories up to the Jananda Island Arc. I cannot put into words how bad the anime gets. It's like looking at a sex joke made between coworkers on a sheet of toilet paper passed ...
11/10. . Probably now my new favorite anime.. I have already shed many tears and probably will in the future!. The writing for the characters is great. To have so much subtly in looks and dialog, and the things either left unsaid intentionally or for the audience to make their own inferences, helps to almost personalize the anime for each individual.. The storyline is fairly typical but coming from a new angle helps breathe fresh life into this RPG/Fantasy vibe.. The search for magic spells, the choreography when there are fights, the humor (Kiss scene haha), all of it comes together to a beautiful story.. Will be buying the LN soon!
Looking for the best anime ever? Then look no further, because here it is! The only way I can describe it is perfection, absolute flawlessness, excellent, superb, impeccable, magnificent, immaculate, an absolute masterpiece. In the entire series and franchise of One Piece, this might be the peak. I have never been so hyped to see a piece of One Piece media in my life. After the initial announcement, I waited 46 years for this to be animated and to see it, and the wait was well worth it.. . Now, when I first watched this, I was in tears. It was everything I ever dreamed of. Oda ...
Love Live! School Idol Project swept Japan off its feet with its first season, and now, with its second installment, it's set to steal hearts all over again. Don't fret over doubts of a cash grab; this sequel promises to surpass expectations and deliver an even more enchanting experience, perfect for your <a href="https://dpwishes.com/couple-dp-anime/">couple anime DP</a>. Love Live! School Idol Project 2nd Season may not boast originality in its storyline, but its abundance of excitement and well-balanced plot make it a captivating watch. With stunning animation that seamlessly integrates CG elements during performances, it's a visual treat for any anime enthusiast.
Anime which took a little over 15 minutes to complete(all 10 eps), puts a huge smile on your face while watching each ep and each pairing. The stories are set in a slice of life situation.. The dialogues used don't feel like your typical anime setting, it feels more like listening to two people just conversing in Japanese language which feels so nice to hear.. No drama or complicated topics, no drama. Just sweet moments shared between people in their ordinary lives.. The animation has a certain charm to it. It feels like watching an Animatic in Youtube. Love it!. I wish there were more eps and more ...
To preface Frieren isn't for everyone, ESPECIALLY shonen addicts who only care about fighting lol. But I digress, This anime is worthy of the number one spot because of its world building which as much info as we are fed verbally, we are also fed non-verbally which is a key quality in making it so amazing. Frieren is an elf and has an obscenely long lifespan of thousands of years so you'll catch her saying things like "Oh its only fifty years who cares" which is odd but you get used to it quickly. The animation is stellar and the characters you'll meet along ...
The build up in the first episodes is really fun and entertaining but kinda predicable and rushed, which is fine because everything fits so well. The latter ones are just a masterpiece! Go watch or rewatch it!. . Putting everything in the context of the eighties and it becomes even special.. . The art style and animation are really good. It isn't always perfect but excels when needed. There's a change at some point in the anime. I bet most people liked it.. . A side note:. I don't know why there are so many bitter people out there. People. Let's just have fun!
The story is interesting to follow, good animation (also what a cute chibi style), and enjoyable Ed song.. . The first two episodes have a typical op, isekai, and fantasy plot. We don't know how the show will go, except for the big plot. But after that, it's kinda interesting how the show gives a little story about the relationship between every character. The main character is an antisocial character who doesn't know how to interact with other people, for some people it might annoy you, but for me, it's interesting because since she's an op character, and sometimes, gifted people have something taken from them ...
There is so much to say but so little time and actually dont want to make an testament of it but instead something kinda brief about my opinion after finishing it.. . Evangelion: 3.0+1.0 Thrice Upon a Time serves as the closure for this tetralogy known as "rebuild", now this new interpretation of the original one of 96 has an different and new take on many aspects from the inclusion of a new character, the cutting on the screen-time of most secondary character who had more presence on the original one , a different intention and menssage overall on the story and of course a final ...
While not exactly a masterpiece, this show is definitely one of the most unique out there. There are plenty of interesting and satisfying twists, and the story flows nicely throughout. I always prefer to start watching a series before getting too deep in the reviews, but here are some spoiler free remarks:. . The characters, while the actions some of them partake in are morally questionable, stand out as independently complex within their world, something not all works of fiction manage to accomplish. Although perhaps the characters being "morally questionable" is an understatement. This anime covers some pretty ugly concepts, and the art itself carries plenty of ...
Buta no Liver wa Kanetsu Shiro might be getting a bad eye test because the first 3 episodes "oh it just another ecchi show with the pretty girls on it" but if you pay attention into the details you would know something whats up, "why only the yethma had the choker and could read minds of the people?" "why theres a shield that suggest it is save for the yethma to get inside the building? does that mean the yethma are not save on outside worlds? if so then why?" the small details that would get brushed off because everyone would be more focused on ...
I honestly don't know why this anime is so underrated. The animation isn't very good but it's totally watchable. At the same time this show can be funny and super informative about dogs it's also a very emotional anime that connects us with the feeling of love for our pets. I believe anyone can enjoy this show but it definitely hits different on someone who is or was a pet owner. During the episodes we are presented different stories and problems between dogs and their owners and have the opportunity to follow them up to their solutions. Every story in this anime is so beautiful ...
This anime is so Good.. . Like really really good All the characters are likeable and Really well storytelling with a unique cast of characters. . I would 100% give this a watch. If your new to anime Or looking for a fun anime to watch.. . Yoshihiro Togashi ,Nippon TV, VAP, Shueisha and Madhouse is able to bring a Very good story With likeable characters and very Good world building. . Really I have no complaints Give this a Watch.. . ...
I went into this expecting nothing, so the fact that I actually enjoyed myself immesenly truly shocked me to the core.. . When I read the sypnosis I could feel one thing and one thing only, jealousy. "Huuuh?! This guy gets to have 100 hot babes who will love him forever and they're all just totally fine with him being polygamous every single time?!" like wtf, I want that. I came in expecting to hate Rentaro but this show does something amazing.. . It does something that many harem and plain romance series sometimes tend to forget. THE MAIN CHARACTER IS ACTUALLY A CHARACTER, and a likeable one at ...
In my view, the inaugural season of Higurashi was truly epic, and its sequel does not disappoint. This time, the narrative revolves around Rika Furude, joined by her friend Hanyuu, as they endeavor to defy fate and break Hinamizawa's vicious cycle of bloodshed. While some may lament the reduced level of gore compared to the first season, the story compensates by intricately intertwining the disparate arcs into a cohesive whole, addressing lingering questions from before.. . For me, the convergence of elements in Higurashi and Hinamizawa is simply beautiful, especially when the truth behind the murders and the identity of the true culprit are revealed. I find ...
I didn't play the NieR games so I cannot comment on how accurate it is to the original game or something like that. I just came across the anime without prior knowledge, and it was just, amazing. Loved 2B and 9S's relation and how they were together in the end, along with the show's concept of consciousness in robots. The show also explains stuff nicely when needed so I never really got confused with the story. Give it a shot!. . . Maybe a slight spoiler:. (Adam got what he deserved in the end, I don't wanna see anyone feeling bad for him he did it to himself)
Lucky Star is a slice of life comedy that brims with parodies and nods to various anime tropes. Despite its heavy reliance on chibi visuals and a predominantly female cast, one might initially expect it to be a cringeworthy disaster. However, Lucky Star defies these expectations. While it lacks a cohesive plot and instead strings together random scenes loosely connected on a timeline, it more than compensates with abundant laughter and an adorable art style.. . As for the characters, Konata Izumi steals the spotlight as the quintessential otaku, while her friend Kagami Hiiragi provides a grounded contrast with her sensible demeanor. Tsukasa Hiiragi and Miyuki Takara ...
Good anime, quite well adapted to the today's time. My guess for the low reviews is due to the audience being to young and not fare well with "loss" and very adult themes in general. Which is something you will be experience a lot in this anime, sometimes it will be very brutal... and gory hence why I think the artistic direction for this anime fits... here's why:. . Artistic direction, although is not your tipical bright Anime show, it actually fits the Anime mood very well. Has the show isn't exactly your happy go lucky show and things don't go the way you expect most ...
It's pretty legit. The whole concept of literary figures having supernatural powers is something I've never seen before, and it's super cool. The way they blend action, mystery, and a bit of comedy is just right, keeping things interesting without going overboard. The animation is slick, with fight scenes that are both stylish and intense, making each episode a blast to watch. Plus, the characters are all unique, with their own quirks and backstories that make you want to root for them, especially the main dude, Atsushi, who's got this tragic hero vibe going on.. . But it wasn't all perfect, though. Some episodes felt a bit ...
This anime would have greatly benefitted from more episodes! On that note, here is a fanmade WEBCOMIC reboot of the series with altered plot and added details:. https://www.webtoons.com/en/canvas/sirius-the-jaeger-rework/list?title_no=553338. https://tapas.io/series/Sirius-The-Jaeger-Rework/info. . The main cast is the same, but the characters have more detailed personalities and backgrounds. Action, drama, some wholesome moments and occasional humor included.. If you've already seen the anime, it's worth checking it out, and if you haven't, you definitelly should.. . I've heard some faint rumors about a second season for the anime, and I really hope to see the day when it happens.. (But only if they don't leave our best boy Mikhail out...)
This is a complex anime, but nevertheless interesting and worth a watch.. . The art and sound design are pretty good and the story even if it's harder to understand you could point your own view in some parts of it. My opinion is that it's not just about Lain, but your view on the world and the power we hold as human beings to define the reality we live in.. . You can set your own thoughts about the ending, but compared to other shows that I watched it intrigued me like no other. Even some things that may seem minor have a deeper meaning in ...
Another Cultivation Donghua Review. . Story: (6/10). It is a typical cultivation donghua where everyone discriminates against the MC in an unfair manner and even his own relatives donot like him. He also has to take revenge on his Uncle for killing his father and making him and his clan slaves and saving his sister from prison.. . Animation: (10/10). It has one of the best 3D animations that I have seen in a Donghua until now (may be cuz I watched it in 4K). Every character and scenes are detailed and looks awesome. Fight scenes look nice even if there are a lot of things going on.. . Characters: (7/10). The MC learns ...
what a wholesome movie. I am going through something and this movie made my day. I am in love with the characters and the story. I LOVE Sosuke and he is such a cinnamon role. If I ever were to have a son, I'd raise him to be as gentle and caring as Sosuke.. overall it's a good movie especially when you need a break or escape from reality. this movie leaves you with fluffiness in your heart. it has become my comfort movie now. the soundtracks, animation, the clumsy movements of kids, everything is just perfect.. The story is definitely unique. it's like a magical world ...
Has no right being as good as it is. If you like isekais but want something a little different, then this is for you. The story is surprisingly deep and complex, with everything answered at the end. MC is likeable and practical but still fits into typical Japanese beta-male tropes, though he is never cowardly and takes up being a leader. Female MC is likeable, surprisingly deep and flawed (especially towards the end), and would be my pick for best girl. Let's not beat around the bush, this is a silly concept. But the way it's explored, the worldbuilding and rules of the isekai world, ...
Following Frieren doesn't provide the satisfaction of watching a group of heroes overcome a challenge; instead, it makes us reflect on our own approach to time and emotional connections. It's unlike anything I've ever seen, and with each episode, I feel fulfilled in a unique way. The success of the elf is due to the blend of charismatic characters and also the technical qualities of the anime, which falls short in nothing. If you take a screenshot of any scene, you get a spectacular wallpaper. Everything is meticulously thought out and executed with great excellence. I see Frieren as a great revolution.
Azumanga Daioh is a revolutionary, comedy genius. This show is possibly one of the funniest show I've ever seen, nearly every joke and gag always have the perfect delivery and had the right timing and always hits where it's at its most effective. The humor is just so in-line with the popular shitpost memes that is so big nowadays, it literally ages like fine wine. Not to mention this jokes are accompanied by top tier voice actings and the right character animations every time (which gives really big acoustic energy btw) which makes it even more hysterical.. . Of course, not only comedy genius, Azumanga is also ...
This is the best and most creative anime of all time. It brings out a feeling in me I can’t describe. I’ve never been more happy and emotionally invested in a show since Hunter X Hunter. Please watch it and appreciate being able to watch it for the first time!! The story I so unique and the power system is so fun to watch in action. The characters are the absolute best. They have flaws but they work through them and around them throughout the show. Watching these characters grow was so heartwarming. The premise is what interests you, but the heart of the show ...
Ummm... Where do I start?. . AOT is my endgame. I've never ever felt what this anime made me feel. Even after re-watching the entire series for a number of times. Even after knowing every scene by heart... I still cry (sob my eyes out), I still jump out of my chair in happiness, I still scream at the most frustrating parts of it. I’ve grown personal with this anime.. . People who know me say that I'm crazy for loving an anime this much, but they didn't watch AOT to know better. I understand that not everyone likes AOT, but I encourage you to at least try ...
From its endearing little details to heartwarming moments, this anime captures beauty in simplicity. Each scene is a visual delight, tempting you to immortalize it as your wallpaper. While some critics argue that the art is exceptional but the story progresses too swiftly, I find the pacing just right. It's essential to note that this adaptation stems from a mostly JOSEI Manga, presenting a slice-of-life narrative with a focus on genuine romance. The limited 12 episodes align with this intent, avoiding unnecessary drama or meandering plotlines.. . Currently at episode 5, I remain steadfast in my appreciation for this anime, having anticipated its release long before it ...
After reading the manga I was curious about it was adapted into an anime, and to my surprise it was. The manga gave me such nostalgic feel I had to add this 26 episode show to my watchlist. It may be alittle silly especially with anime nowadays, but as someone who enjoys classic anime (back when anime was in parts, dvds, or cable tv), this brought me back to a time where I where I genuinely enjoyed Shonen work.. . When they first mentioned alchemy, I couldn't get FMA out of my head, but a great story otherwise. I really enjoyed the unique style of weapons ...
It's true what they say, there really is an anime for everything, and as an anime about writing a dictionary, The Great Passage is proof of that. Though, where most anime which demonstrate this concept are funny or absurd, The Great Passage is slow, beautiful, and genuinely heartfelt. The passion and artistry that goes into a work such as a good dictionary is something most people rarely consider, and the way this anime represents those things highlights the quiet nobility in truly dedicating your life to something, be it big or small. At the end of the day it's the dedication that counts. Beginning with ...
I loved Ledo and Chamber, but all of the other characters were just lacking and left much to be desired. That's the only reason this gets a 9/10.. . The story was very good and unique, I don't know what i was expecting going in, but it definitely wasn't what I got coming out.. . I loved the artstyle, not sure if it suited or not but it was very pretty.. . Many of the characters were lacking.. . Ledo reacted to situations in a way that made sense for him, i hated that the other characters would get mad at him for reactions he had and actions he took when no one ...
Shangri-La Frontier has an interesting premise where the virtual characters are the "main" characters more so than the physical characters. I find this anime quite engaging and it keeps us in suspense on what game mechanics or situation will appear as a new challenge to Raku. Whilst this anime has quite a number of issues - which I will get to later - as someone that has played in open world games, I think the writer has done a great job in combining elements of existing gaming tropes and mechanics and putting a fresh spin onto the adventure.. . The introduction of Emul, Oikatzo and Pencilgon has ...
A solid entry that gives us some real depth on how Nekoma plays and how effective they are as a team. It's nice to see the team come together little by little over the episode, though their opponents for much of these two episodes - Nohebi - is less interesting than most of the opponents we've seen so far. We don't get much more insight into Fukurodani either, though the show sets up another strong opponent at nationals that should make things interesting down the line... even if that's all we know about them. There's some strong animation and action here, which sets it apart ...
This anime feels like what happens when someone wanted to write trash isekai but they were accidentally really good at writing.. . There's a ridiculously OP main character, but his OPness actually causes him lots of problems and isn't his one-shot solution to everything. His character is consistent but isn't just a a flat goody-two-shoes or derpy character. He's got depth and gives reason to care about his struggles.. . The world has the standard adventurers guild / hero must fight the demons setup, but it's only a part of a great amount of world building. You actually get to learn the what and why of what's going on ...
tl;dr: A solid sequel season that keeps the fantastic humor and adds considerable character depth.. . This is the second season of the critically acclaimed rom-com Kaguya-sama. Just as before, the focus is still on Shinomiya and Shirogane as they duke it out through mind games trying to get either to confess their love. And just as before these mind games are hilarious with a very unique brand of comedy. The side characters also pull their weight comedy wise, with Ishigami and Fujiwara playing quite well into the various hijinks. Moreover, Hayasaka is considerably more fun. This season also adds a new main character, Iino Miko, who ...
Frieren is like coming home after being away for a very long time.. . This is the best way how I could describe it. Everything feels so real and relatable, the attention to detail is meticulous. The little animations that wouldnt have been necessary, but make it feel more alive. The little conversational bits that are not something epic, but you can feel that a lot of thought went into them.. . For some reason I feel like I am watching what my live could be if I tried hard enough. It gives me a lot of hope, and makes me feel a lot of feelings.. . This is probably the ...
In this anime there isn't a story at all, some things go on and thats it. There are idol groups and their 10 year old girl fans. Idols sing and the kids cheer and nothing more goes on in my opinion. But did I watch every season of it? Yes. Because even thoguh this show is written poorly, it is actually really fun to watch. I do not even like any of the IDLOSH7 members, they are not interesting at all, but again, as the show was giving joy to me, I kept watching this thing.. So, I would recommend this even though I find ...
It's pretty decent for a recap episode. It stitches together events in an interesting way and includes interviews to get more insights into how the characters were thinking, which seems particularly helpful for those that lost. I think it missed opportunities to flesh out more of their opponents and, since there is no new story here to trod, it just feels like it's filling to space and refreshing memories for anyone who hadn't seen the previous three seasons in a while. As someone who is binging this series, I can't say I was invested in this, but the character moments were good. Worth watching regardless, ...
Futatsuki no Kishi inevitably invites comparison to its predecessor. Evaluating its merits independently, it seamlessly continues from the first season, introducing new characters like Agnes. Initially, these additions dominate screen time with subplots, but this diminishes over the show's length. Saito and Louise's relationship progresses noticeably, raising important questions without spoilers.. . Animation quality is commendable but not exceptional, with basic character details and consistent side-view conversations. Soundwork echoes the first season, featuring satisfactory but not memorable themes. New opening and ending themes are more enjoyable. Familiar Academy residents receive less screen time, and new characters, while generally acceptable, may have unconventional traits. Siesta's portrayal seems less ...
Seirei no Moribito initially seemed unimpressive, but the beautifully animated opening changed my perspective. While the plot lacked depth, the symbiotic coordination of animation and music added a unique feel. The series follows Balsa, a spearwoman, tasked with protecting a prince. Despite a cliched premise, the presentation and character development set it apart.. . Characters shine in Seirei, compensating for a relatively shallow world. Chagum's well-developed character and realistic portrayal make him empathetic. Balsa's growth, revealed through her protection of Chagum, adds complexity to her character.. . The animation quality is remarkable, with attention to detail, particularly in reflective surfaces. Fight scenes showcase impressive choreography, blending realism with slightly ...
7th Time Loop was not originally in my to-watch list, but is now among my most anticipated since watching the first five episodes.. . Rishe is an excellent heroine. After six lives, she is represented as having good judgement and competence in a variety of technical skills. Moreover, the show puts these skills into action and interweaves them within the narrative. Thankfully, in doing so, it avoids the pitfall of saying she’s smart or skilled without living up to those qualities.. . I find the romance compelling. It does revolve around a classic shoujo trope of a powerful, mysterious, and attractive man and the uncertainty of his character, but ...
I like this anime for the character's charm, the simple story, and the fun and unique idea of a man being turned into a pig. The art style was good and fit with the anime. The storyline didn't have too many cheches, but I will have to say it will get dark at some moments in the anime. The characters in the anime react to situations and events in realistic and clever ways. Being a pig he needs to plan out how to get out safely without or Jesse getting hurt.. . The series has some minor flaws, but if you enjoy a silly isekai, I ...
There is something surreal but sublime about this. Have you ever had a dream where the more you try to press on it to interpret it the more confusing it becomes, it's similar to this.. . The 90s anime style, pacing, music and focus on scenery make it feel like a nostalgic portal to a faraway world lost to you except through glimpses. It's following the magical girl genre but it's much more dark than you'd think of anime from that genre.. . The anime is out of order, but it's recommended to watch it this way -- but I could understand that this and the fact ...
I've devoured countless sports anime over the years, earning myself the label of "huge fan." From the iconic Slam Dunk, Haikyuu!! and Kuroko's Basketball to the gritty boxing of Hajime no Ippo and the innovative Megalo Box, I've explored both classics like Baby Steps and Ahiru No Sora and more obscure gems like One Outs, Prince of Tennis, and Yowamushi Pedal. The list truly goes on!. . What defines a sports anime for me? It's about taking the main protagonist on a journey fueled by a dream. They'll encounter weaknesses, self-doubt, and seemingly insurmountable obstacles. But gradually, they'll overcome them all. Along the way, they'll meet friendly ...
From the get go, I want to make a small comparison to set the tone. The comparison is not story-wise, but production-wise. Last spring/early summer we had a show called Kaminaki Sekai no Kamisama Katsudou and ignoring whether or not the show was good or bad, it did something absolutely hilarious and new, it played with the element of comedy achieved through visual production. Oroka na Tenshi wa Akuma to Odoru does something similar while not copying the earlier mentioned show entirely, which caught me by surprise, though a welcome one. Do note that I have not read the manga and am basing my review ...
Yurukyan is the most relaxing anime I have ever seen. This anime provides such a unique and calming experience to the viewer, making it very hard to dislike. The atmosphere, the art, the music, and the characters are all wonderful, with a very slow pace that fits it well. The humour is also not over the top, adding to the calming effect this series has. This series has a charm that will reignite plenty of people's passion in the outdoors and camping, as well as provide a welcoming experience to those who are new to anime as well. Even to those that aren't interested ...
This one is just so much fun to watch and fills in a gap in the story nicely. It's good to see how Hinata and Kageyama tackled their studies after failing an exam each, and how their teammates rallied around them. The humor in this one was on point, particularly with the principal, who plays a role both in ensuring that these characters have to succeed and in urging them to do so, albeit without their knowledge. It's also nice to see their teammates really step up, some by encouraging them, some by needling them, and one by ensuring that they can get their just ...
And the weeb said unto them: “Fear not, for behold, I bring you glad tidings of great joy that will be for all the people. For unto you is born this day in the studio of MAPPA a Savior of Anime Movies, which is Jujutsu Kaisen 0.” – Otaku 2:10. . Hyperbole aside, do you remember being excited for theatrical productions of your favorite anime? Do you remember looking forward to them because you knew they would have significantly better animation and general production value than the show? Well, those times are long since passed. Gone are the days when a movie was something to look forward ...
"Noragami" was actually pretty good to my surprise. Ngl, at first, I was kinda meh about it and almost decided to drop the show. But then, things got real with Yukine’s character, Yato's motivation and I was like, “Okay, now we’re talking.” So, yeah, definitely wait it out a bit if it doesn’t grab you right away. So, if you start watching and feel a bit twisted, just hang in there because it surely gets better.. . What I really ended up loving was the humor and the whole friendship angle (also a big respect to the translators and English subtitles, I was laughing a lot). The ...
JRPG the anime.. . Its similar to Digimon in the sense that these kids were transported to another world where time advances differently than in the real world. There are no monsters to collect or befriend.. These kids (bestowed with a "gift" are considered as "Sage") have different abilities like you'd find in the characters of a JRPG. Necromancer, healer, pyromancer, animal-ears girls, vampire succubus, etc. . Its also one of those anime where the main character is way overpowered. Credit to anime for being able to write entertaining stories with overpowered heroes (e.g. One Punch Man). . For a comedy the body count in this is pretty high. Not only do ...
It doesn't do anything terribly exceptional, but it's nice to see a little bit of development between its lead pair and get an interesting way to pursue it. As usual, this looks great, even if there's little in the way of sakuga. It's just training, but I have always enjoyed the training portions of this show, so it's an easy sell for me. I had a good enough time with it that I can say it was definitely worth watching, if only as an opportunity to get some insight into Nekoma and see how Lev truly became a part of their ranks, even if he ...
It is a fun and loving anime. The characters like Fel,Sui and Mukohda were very funny and loving characters. The show had never bored me while watching it. The plot and the cooking were very amazing. It is a great anime and I highly recommend it to the ones who are searching for an anime which can be enjoyable and less episode.. If we talk about the story then it was unexpected. The cookings done by the main character were looking very tasty and made me hungry to eat the food. The end of the season made the anime's second season more interesting and to put ...
I really wanted to like this anime. I really, really did. But as the series went on my opinion on Handyman Saitou in Another World drifted from a tentative Recommended, past a confused Mixed Feelings, all the way down to a solid and disappointed Not Recommended.. . The viewer gets dropped into this world without context or background information. From the way events progress it’s also clear that this doesn’t matter – you’re just along for the ride. Things will make more sense as the series progresses, but you have to get there first.. . So the series has a unique plot pacing and episode set-up. Each episode consists ...
A splendid commemoration of the 25th anniversary of the card game. At first we can see Dark Magician and other classic cards from the first anime series, but this animation is about important cards from the real game like Fallen of Albaz, Six Samurais, AA-Zeus, Sky Striker, etc. and I think this was the right way to do it because I play Yu-Gi-Oh! competitively since 2015 and apart from accessories and some short mangas we do not have animes or movies about cards that do not appear in the original animes. It was glorious to see Six Samurai, a competitive deck from 2007, finally in ...
To be honest, this anime was decades old and I was watching it ages ago where Isekai wasn't even a thing.. . After giving some thought I tried to re-watch once again just to see how my perspective on anime was and god surely it's feels so good. Firstly I noticed the character doesn't even have common name like your usual fantasy generic things, instead they're using title as a name (seems familiar with one controversial anime back in 18') after giving second and third episode I realize this anime doesn't do your typical anime stuff but rather they took world building as a theme.. . In any ...
I usually prefer more dark and heavy hitting stories, but this manages to be oh so satisfying, with a fair amount of comic flourish. It's a romance in imperial China centered around political strategy, intrigue, military, and harem relations. The story is fraught with danger but the main couple has well-earned romance which just might make you squee. And you don't have to wait until the end of the show for it, though it just gets better and better as you progress.. . The animation is cel-shaded CGI, which is a little off-putting at first but you get used to it fast. The animation and frame rate ...
Boku no Hero Academia 6th Season was such a huge step up from the previous two seasons, and it's not like I didn't enjoy those either but the tone this season was totally different and really surprised me. It was so much darker, so much more serious and man the stakes are just getting ever higher. It was brutal it was scary it was intense and they really handled it all well, especially Deku's character and the crazy development he goes through, those final few episodes were so emotionally loaded and really delivered on the payoff.. . I really like in particular how they handled Deku's ...
My conclusion / review is going to be simple -. . If you liked the first season, you're in for a treat with Season 2! The action scenes got even cooler, and the opening song by "Creepy Nuts" is a real banger. So, if Season 1 is your cup of tea, then Season 2 is a no-brainer.. . Now, if Season 1 wasn't your thing, maybe give Season 2 a pass.. . I won't dive into all the boring details like genre and synopsis – you can find that stuff on the website. I loved Season 1, and I'm still enjoying Season 2. Trust me, I'm sticking around for ...
Aventure, comedy, violence and more importantly FANTASY.. This anime is a real breath of fresh air.. . You're following a group of aventurers in a quest to save their teammate. Or more likely recover her corpse to resurrect her. They have only a few weeks at most and must rush down a dangerous dungeon. And they have no money on them and thus must eat whatever they find on their way. Oh and there's supposedly a big bad guy at the last floor. Pretty simple plot to get but where this show shine is on the enactment of it:. . The characters are slowly getting fleshed out but are all ...
"My Dress-Up Darling" is a captivating anime that weaves together the threads of craftsmanship, friendship, and personal growth into a delightful tapestry of storytelling. Set against the backdrop of high school life, it unfolds the endearing tale of Marin Kitagawa and Wakana Gojo, two seemingly disparate individuals whose shared passion for cosplay forms the foundation of an unlikely bond.. . At its core, "My Dress-Up Darling" transcends the confines of a typical romance anime by delving into the intricacies of creativity and self-expression. Marin's talent as a cosplayer serves as a vehicle for her to navigate the complexities of adolescence, offering her a sanctuary where she can ...
A tremendously positive show, especially when it comes to portraying adolescent boys and girls. I stuck around season 1 to watch Yamada eat things and cheer for this little idiot to put himself out there. I'm sticking around season 2 because I kind of can't believe they're actually executing on the threads they put down in season 1, and doing a damn fine job of it.. . It's building off that strong foundation to become something more than just a gag/romance anime. It's clumsy in places, and not just when it's making a point about middle school awkwardness, but it's still competently tackling subject matter way above ...
7.5/10. slight spoilers i guess. . so!!! i do think that it is a very cute, cinderella type anime. it felt slow, but also not. i’ve been having trouble finishing an anime in one sitting, but i did with this one. it was very very cute. i do feel like the end was pretty rushed, i would’ve liked to see a second season instead of 5 mins of them dating in the last ep. i also don’t know i feel about there being no conflict. there was also a lack of seeing the mmc developing feelings for the fmc. like of course, his actions spoke louder, but i ...
As a fan of the light novel (and a bit of a stickler on odd details) I can say that this series is a good watch.. . It's a slow paced, well built story that focuses a lot on the journey of the main character - Rentt Faina - as he figures out the whole undead thing. It still has a bit of a game-ish aspect to it with the idea of him killing monsters to make himself more powerful, but this, at least, is handled better than a good number of other series.. . And without delving too deeply into spoilers, I think it presents it's big, ...
The content presented was undeniably commendable, showcasing a commendable level of quality and creativity. However, a lingering sense of curiosity and a mild hint of frustration arose from the intentional cliffhanger employed. The narrative skillfully drew the audience in, only to leave them yearning for resolution. While this choice added an element of suspense, it also left some wanting more closure. Nevertheless, the overall impact was noteworthy, earning the work a solid 10 in my evaluation. The combination of excellence and the strategic use of suspenseful elements contributed to a memorable experience, even if the desire for more information lingered in the aftermath of the ...
Tensei shitara Slime Datta Ken is one of those Isekai that paves the way for others to follow. When talking about good Isekai its important to understand what makes certain series better than others, why do some shows see so much praise and success and others seem to become the laughing stock of the anime community?. . . In my mind the 2 most important things are Originality and Execution. Firstly, Slime does not feel ultra generic. It absolutely feels like its own story and exists separately from the rest of the slop that tends to get pushed out every year. While there are elements of fan-service and ...
Slime Diaries is an excellent addition to the original series as a slice of life bonus, doing its best to help build the more casual essence of the world at the work that goes into maintain the city and its people (as-well as the culture). For anyone that has watched through both seasons 1 and 2, I believe this is a must watch. Its not Canon... However I feel that if you've already watched through the entire series then there isn't really any reason why you wouldn't also watch this. It's just more content.. . . For those that haven't watched the original show, its harder to recommend ...
Haikyuu!! To The Top part 2 showcases yet another important side of sports competitions, and that is the psychological aspect. . The match vs Inarizaki really emphasises how the volleyball court is but one small part of the arena's massive playing field. The psychological influence that can come from beyond the court is nothing short of mindblowing. . One thing that could be a bit of a hit or miss is the many flashback scenes. Personally i think they were executed to perfection, giving a nice insight of the characters past without breaking the pace of the games. . Aside from the main event of Karasuno vs Inarizaki, we also get a couple ...
More awesome work from Haikyuu! On the whole, I'd say this doesn't quite reach the heights of S2, mainly because it lacks the training and multiple team development that season had in spades as well as the very personal conflict with Oikawa and his team, but it follows close behind, featuring a high-intensity match-up for the ages.. . It's 10 episodes of high intensity action where everything is put on the line and it doesn't disappoint. It's a powerful testament to how well this series does even when it's focused on a single match and placing extensive focus on its plays - none of it feels ...
A lot of time has passed since I last watched this show, but it still somehow has a solid placement in my memory and crosses my mind every now and then. This is also why I think the show is so great and I felt it would be unfair if I didn'tt write a review for it.. . Story and plot 10/10. . Monsters unique plot and story makes it stand tall among all the other anime that exist. It revolves around a plot that I haven't seen before. It story also contains a lot of unpredictability, which makes it even more enjoyable, and you start looking forward ...
Claymore's narrative was undeniably one of a kind, encompassing various unique aspects. It highlighted the presence of powerful female characters, with a male character serving as the central protagonist, but the story also delved into the perspectives of other characters. The demons/monsters depicted were genuinely spooky, creating an unsettling atmosphere that is uncommon in the genre. It stood out from others in the genre by deviating from the typical romantic plotline, which involves a boy and girl falling in love. Instead, it presented a refreshing departure from the norm. The inclusion of several sub genres contributed to the overall success, making it a remarkable watch, ...
It feels like almost every A1 adaptation initially gets praised by general viewers to be later claimed overrated by armchair critics and snobs. Therefore, the only thing I heard about Erased is how bad the ending was, which usually means that the quality of the writing was sloppy and the ending just made it obvious. Another opinion is that the ending is the most important thing in the mystery genre and everything else is secondary no matter how good it is, which I disagree with. Nevertheless, it turned out there was no bad ending and the show now is extremely overhated.. . It goes without saying that ...
Everything in this this anime screams FUN!. I don't remember when last time I had such a big energy boost watching anime.. Simple but really memorable characters, good music (opening and ending are the best of this season), eye-catching fights.. And excuse me THE STYLE? HELLO WAKE UP those colors, those city views with flashy buildings like it was dropped in the rainbow paint?. The amount of joy this anime gives me must be studied.. . I don't expect much from this anime, it's supposed to be this silly, so maybe that's why I am having so much fun.. 10 out of 10 and I am pretty sure it's gonna be ...
There are different genres of anime out there to appeal to a variety of tastes. Action, drama, slice of life, comedy, musical, shounen, seinen, etc. You can enjoy any number of these, or none of them, point is that there is an endless variety of different choices out there, so surely you will find what you're looking for. Rarely though, there comes a series that takes multiple of these genres together and weaves them into a seamless blend, making the coexistence of some of these contradicting ideas seem so natural. And while the hilariously named Ya Boy Kongming is a comedy first and foremost, it ...
A really fun and unique comedy, with a protagonist who's just the coolest.. . Story 6/10.. There isn't much of a story to the series apart from the comedic situations.. . Enjoyment 8.5/10. Sakamoto's actions are just absurd most of the time, there's no chance to predict what he'll do next, so even if the comedy isn't always the best, it's still really fun to watch. Absurdity also makes for great comedy and brings about genuine laughs.. . Art 7/10. Average art with slightly lacking animation, but comedy series don't always need the best animation to work, just look at Gokushufudou.. ...
An absolutely great watch! Highly recommended for people who are searching for traveling series based in Europe with Slice of Life, Naoki Urasawa is a great writer. The exploration of the outside world in those 90s feels gives really good vibes.. . Animation was not extraordinary, but everything was moving in sync; the background was the most detailed and beautifully done; it wasn't looking flat like how some of today's anime looks; it really breathed life to the anime; there were some sakuga moments as in character animation; and lastly, there were no CGI cars, and they were animated perfectly.. . The thing I most loved was its sound ...
I just watched it. I agree that some parts were not amazing. Yes, some stuff wasn't explained properly. But I cried like a baby hehe. I needed the motherly love type of drama. I don't cry that much or at all when it's about a lover dying or something. BUT! THIS. I NEEDED IT.. . Also, I cried cuz I physically needed to cry, like, yk some days you feel like ur about to cry but can't and need something that will push you to it? That's why I watched it and it served it's purpose.. . So yes I recommend it.. Don't watch it if u ...
This OVA for Attack on Titan consists of two stories. The first story is about Annie and spans the first two episodes. The second story is about Mikasa and is the third episode.. . The story about Annie is great. It's about her solving a disappearance case and it's a great and interesting story to watch. It also adds to Annie's character which is mostly left unexplored in the main series. The two episodes about her story are marked as episode 16.5a and 16.5b to indicate when they happen in the timeline though I'd argue the best time to watch them is after finishing season 1 ...
"If someone is born a male, at least once in his life he'll dream of becoming the strongest man alive.". . This quintessential phrase of pure poignant basedness is the mantra by which Baki is made. This is a real man's show! This story will make you grow a second penis. The characters are MEN, the plot is MEN, the message is MEN. You've heard of Cute Girls Doing Cute Things, well this is BIG MEN DOING MAN SHIT, a genre that is sadly dying as of late. But what can you expect, the based masculine male is the biggest threat to those hungry for power, that's ...
So the series like Sekai Douwa Anime Zenshu a 10 episode series is that this was recognized in english by Saban productions as My Favorite Fairy Tales is that this has brought me back to my nostalgic childhood memories from the past which is holding a very special place in my heart back in my childhood days which i used to have My Favorite Fairy Tales vol 2 VHS back in the day but i don't have the tape i might have lost it or it might got damaged i missed watching it but i still remember to this day. . . . Story:. Well most of the stories ...
Oshi no Ko, probably my favorite anime so far, and there's a reason.. Oshi no Ko tells a story different from others, but one that is understandable in those it wants to convey.. The caracthers have a incredible disign, as well as a difference in emotions between the various characters, and dreams who may go through various challenges, difficulties, or even psychological traumas.. Aka Akasaka knew very well what he wanted to convey, and it is much more obscure if we delve deeper into knowing more.. Oshi no Ko tells how the entire world of entertainment is horrible, idols, actors and others are treated like dolls just for ...
The story feels incomplete, like they had an idea for a movie and just ran with it without having an actual story to tell.. . Story 5/10. There is no story, just an idea for one. The story had potential to be decent but just doesn't deliver. There are countless instances where content is missing between scenes, or so it feels.. . Art 8.5/10. Beautiful art and good animation, just not quite movie quality. There is nothing to complain about. Near the end, some of the car scenes looked somewhat funny, but it's not a big deal.. . Sound 9/10. Great voice acting fitting of the characters. Other sounds such as environmental ones are ...
And here we are, doing a review of one of the best anime ever made.. So far there have been 21 episodes, and Frieren has never disappointed me.. One of the most beautiful animes I've ever seen, in terms of story, environment, among other things.. Frieren is a calm anime but with hair-raising fight scenes and moral phrases that stick in your head.. The characters are all well treated, even a character who doesn't appear for a long time, you can see the love that the creators put into the anime.. . Frieren manages to capture the story in a more emotional way, as well as funny moments to highlight the ...
It's an amazing piece of work, I wish the story was at least twice as long, if not more! The premise is very interesting, two outcasts finding each other in the least probable of places. You wouldn't think another vampire story would bring anything new to the table, but somehow it felt fresh and unique, and I really wish we got to see more of it - what happened earlier, Doc's and Mignon's backstories, how they first met, but also what happened after the ending. I am so so curious about this world, I want more!. . Also, the way the entire story is drawn is ...
Sousou no Frieren, also known as Side Quest the Anime, is the best boring anime of all time. Like if you want some chill, peaceful anime and still doesn't feel boring, it can't get better than Frieren.. Unlike in some animes where there are rare moments that make me say outloud "Holy shit What thE HELL", Frieren doesn't do that, and that's okay. To compare, those rare moments are like you taking drug that give you a dopamine hit for a moment, vs for Frieren, you get your dopamine from hanging out frequently with your good friends. Not a huge spike, but sustainable.. None of the ...
(ENG vers.). Ahh, what would be better than watching hot, insane women gambling to the point of madness? Everything here is simply iconic and very interesting, and to be honest, I didn't care much about this anime and had no intention of watching it, but after I saw a tiktok viralized to the extreme of a person cosplaying the characters, I I was really enchanted by the design of all the characters, and that's when I entered this well of madness.. . The direction is impeccable, and this makes each of the bets have their own special shine. The soundtrack, the framing, the animation, and even all the ...
It's one of the more unique anime series I've dived into. The whole setup with Araragi dealing with various supernatural beings is pretty dope, and the way the show mixes in Japanese folklore with modern-day high school life is definitely interesting. The animation style is another level, with some really trippy visuals and a use of colors that just pops. It's not your standard anime look, and that creativity in the visuals alone kept me hooked.. . But, man, the dialogues are something else. They're super dense and philosophical, which is cool and all for adding depth, but there were times I just wanted things to move ...
Welcome to Demon School! Iruma-kun Season 3 Review: Demonishly Delightful. . Season 3 of Welcome to Demon School! Iruma-kun hits all the right notes, delivering another serving of engaging mischief, action-packed fun, and heartwarming growth in the demon world.. . What shines:. . The Festival Arc: Packed with excitement and laughter, the festival serves as a fantastic centerpiece, highlighting the strengths of the show's humor and action.. . Character Development: The season delves deeper into the cast, showcasing their personal journeys and emotional growth. Each character feels valued and contributes to the narrative in meaningful ways.. . Flow and Pacing: While some shows might benefit from a faster pace, Iruma-kun's steady approach allows for character ...
This review is for first two seasons.. . - Neutral-negative (kinda):. 1. Start of anime is not so likeable to everyone, because people are not used to it.. as it is mostly comedy, troll mode, world exploring... . - Neutral-positive(kinda):. 1. Power levels and power scaling is simple to understand. 2. Worldbuilding is good enough. 3. Story is decent. . ...
Slightly the worst season so far, but got more enjoyable again in second half.. . Story was pretty irrelevant and boring on the first episodes, but got back on track later and got better.. . The only thing I didn't like at all was the new CGI and animation. Especially at episodes 4-6 CGI was awful seemed like watching two different pictures. Old studio looked superior even years prior, so I can't understand the point of changing studios at that point of the story.. . I think most people would still enjoy it, and maybe most thing I did not like won't even bother them.. . Still I would give it a ...
"Monster" isn't just an anime; it's a journey into the depths of human psyche and morality, meticulously crafted to captivate and challenge its audience. From its haunting narrative to its meticulously developed characters, "Monster" stands as a benchmark in psychological thriller anime, leaving an indelible mark on the genre.. Story:. Naoki Urasawa's "Monster" unfolds like a gripping novel, weaving a complex tapestry of suspense, moral ambiguity, and philosophical introspection. The narrative follows Dr. Kenzo Tenma, a brilliant neurosurgeon whose life takes a dark turn when he decides to defy his hospital's hierarchy to save the life of a young boy named Johan Liebert. What ensues is a ...
Skip and Loafer may as well be the most wholesome, enjoyable watch I've experienced in anime to this point. Everything about this show just screams unique, from the cute artstyle and characters to the beautiful sound, Skip and Loafer was an experience worth experiencing!. . Story(9/10): I feel that the only reason this isn't a 10 is due to its simplicity. Despite this the story delivers on everything it needs to, whether it's suspense and drama, or if it's playfulness and joy, the situations the story puts the characters in really let's everything shine.. . Characters(10/10): These characters are just the most enjoyable,wholesome characters ever! I think that my ...
Now this is a truly NEW Shinkai work. I’m an adamant hater of the exceptionally stupid critique that Shinkai is “only capable of remaking the same film”, but I can’t deny that after the success of 2016’s brilliant Your Name, his follow up film Weathering With You did at times feel like a shallow imitation of his masterpiece, although I still have a special place in my heart for anything Shinkai touches.. . In Suzume however, for the first time I think Shinkai has finally achieved the perfect compromise; it’s almost completely narratively/tonally distinct from his other works, while also clearly retaining its identity as a ...
Oh, what shall I say about Bastard!! It's the kind of anime you'd furtively get from your local video rental place's anime section back when it was the weirdest thing you could be into. Bastard!! is the kind of anime you'd find painted on the side of a van, next to Conan the Barbarian. In short, Bastard!! is violent, horny, and 90s as hell, and not once does it pull back or apologize for it. It leans so heavily into the trope that it almost borders on parody, with just enough sincerity to not quite cross the line. There's blood, there's titties, and there's Dark ...
Wolf Children is the only Hosoda film which never once loses itself in its wondrous fantasy elements; I do love the glorious self-indulgence of something like The Girl Who Leapt Through Time, but ultimately I think that Hosoda has a tendency to distract from his endlessly endearing characters and touching central narratives with whatever dazzling fictional realm he’s conjured up—the best example of which is probably Summer Wars, which I think loses a lot of its unique family dramedy charm as a result of the mind-numbingly boring video game battles.. . Wolf Children however is the biggest exception to this rule. Here you’ll find Hosoda at ...
Ghost Hunt. . Ghost Hunt. . Plot:. . It's not quite a horror anime, it's more supernatural, it's not heavy but it's enjoyable to watch, you get attached to the characters and their personalities and you understand things as the cases are unraveled, it's like a Scooby Doo but much better. The anime follows more of a suspenseful and supernatural investigative atmosphere and brings a bit of distress because it has references to things that are based on real events such as: Polstergast.... The anime brings a lot of references to real things from the supernatural world, such as: Onmyouji, which is a divination system that dealt with paranormals in the Heian ...
Classroom of the Elite season two is a worthy sequel. It does exactly what a second season should: steadily improve while continuing the plot concisely. In a way that won't blow anyone's mind but continues building on a very solid base. It can also be incredibly ridiculous at times.. . From a plot perspective, Classroom of the Elite season two begins mere minutes after the first installment ends. Still on the cruise, the school has one more special test in store before they reach home. This part was interesting, but nothing special. Just an entertaining buildup to what will be the main focus of this season, Class ...
S1 is an example of amazing scene direction. The dialogue is extremely believable and the growth feels extremely natural. This show deserves a lot of praise and leaves you ready to watch more as we work to piece it all togehter.. It's a bleak world, and the execution in phenomenal.. . Definitely a Seinen as it involves some rather graphic content. This world is bleak, albeit there is still humanity in it.. . As well, the twists are not what we expect.. . Overall, the only thing missing is Season 2. This is what professional writing looks like.. . Story: Story is horror, sci-fi, post-apocalypse; I'm not sure the ...
I loved this anime, and not for its romance! Don't get me wrong the romantic aspect of this anime is amazing, and feels a lot more natural in comparison to its anime counterparts. Though I find the male lead to be a little boring, he isn't a douche, and he genuinely seems like a nice guy girls would swoon over.. . I find friendships to be at the heart of why I love it! If this anime only dedicated just a few moments to Sawako, Chizuru, and Ayane I would find it boring, but it doesn't. I find the dynamic between them an integral part that ...
Gave it a try since its an old anime, and i do like them, and you should give it a try too.. Gotta love the these old soundtracks and animations. In the first episode i thought that it was a little forced that they were almost perfect in every thing they did, don`t matter if it is in basket, motorcycle, musician hahahah... a little too much, the better in everything they did. In the last 2 episodes i got attached to the protagonist, his background and his motivations.. Would have love to see a sequel, but unfortunately, it`s very unlikely ahahahaha
This is such an underrated gem out there. To be clear: it is a "fairly" light hearted story about a group of ninja spy girls looking over the city and fighting an evil powerful organisation that works in the shadows. Do not expect to be mindblown by some deep plot or highly intellectual content, or every detail being completely covered with no flaw whatsoever. There are some aspects or happenings that are quickly disposed of with some ready explanation and you are just supposed to go with it. But there will also be a lot of scenes that will hit you right in the feels ...
Sousou no Frieren is an introspective journey in a fantastic world. It can be extremely melanchonic as you see life flow from both the eyes of an elf that lives through centuries and has to deal with the solitude of the world, where all constructs lose meaning as ethernity freezes everything over, as well as from the eyes of humans that must hurry to find a meaning and a path of their own existence in the extremely short time they have at their disposal and make the best of it.. . All this in a beautiful fantasy world filled with magic and all kind of marvels you ...
To keep it super short, this story has many themes that people can relate to, a great story of growth in every sense of the word such as growing from trauma, loneliness, and growing from feelings of worthlessness. stunning music, solid visuals, and lessons you can extract from the show. I enjoy how the show isn’t predictable but very natural and real. This show isn’t a show that exaggerates a lot, which is really nice. I feel this show can be liked by most people for its universal themes, lovely music, and a solid animation. Everyone can relate and learn from something. Personally didn’t like ...
If you enjoy psychological mind games then this underrated donghua is a must see.. . Aiyou de Mishi is a Chinese animated adaptation of the manhua Ai You De Mi Shi by Bi Shui Yu. We're dropped into the life of Yuecha, as he and a work colleague visit an escape room called X&Y. The story quickly pulls you through an anxiety inducing, riddle solving journey that slowly starts to mess with your mind. It leaves you with the feeling that you may have escaped the room, but the room has not escaped you.. . The plot is really good. I cannot say much without giving spoilers, but going ...
I don't have any word to describe this masterpiece.. . I feel like my heart is melting more and more after each episode, it's a feeling that is impossible to share but every episode makes me smile and feel strong emotions.. . All the little things and moments that happens to Anna and Kyoutarou are so innocent and sweet that makes my heart skip a beat and feel the story like I was truly there.. . The character progression is amazing and the story is well written and also well animated in every single part.. . If you like romance anime this is surely a MUST watch!
This is an epic anime.. One with the league of One Punch Man season 1 and Mob Psycho.. It has high intensity action, great humor and superb story.. The characters are developed as needed to the right extent without making it an eyesore.. The pace is what I loved most about the series.. . Each episode is worth watching multiple times just like OPM S1.. No minute of audience time is taken for granted.. . Even if a rare episode is relaxing, enough story progress takes place to not make it a filler or even a slow episode.. ...
I'd like to start by saying that this anime gave me an existential crisis. Demonstrating my unparalleled creativity, my username here on MAL, RyanSpring, is literally just my real life first and last name. So, going into this completely blind, in a world where every female character in anime is Mai, Sakura or Mikasa, I really had a moment when it was revealed that the lead in this anime is named Aries Spring. Do I... have a daughter somewhere? Is this a sign from the anime deities above that I SHOULD have a daughter and that I should name her Aries? Is Aries Spring in ...
Death Parade was just amazing. The storyline and voice acting (both sub&dub) were really good. I liked the animation, character design and the way the characters expressed their feelings very much. The ending wasn't predictable at all for me, the last 2-3 episodes made the show a whole lot better in my opinion. I love the opening so much, everything about it is awesome. But the thing is, if you'd let someone who has never seen Death Parade watch the opening, then I'm pretty sure they'd assume the anime is about a couple of friends working at a wholesome bar or something
This anime depicts what happens when one chooses side quests over the main quest, not because the protagonist doesn't want to, but because it's overwhelming. Instead of striving to be the strongest, she's content with being the "weakest." Rather than picking fights, she prefers picking up trash. Instead of gathering resources to combat formidable foes, she focuses on earning money to buy bread and food for her pet. She opts for short-distance travel to stay safe rather than seeking a glorious purpose and confronting danger.. . The anime unfolds at a leisurely pace, narrating the story of a runaway girl doing her best to live a simple ...
"Black Butler" is a mesmerizing blend of Gothic elegance and dark mystery, weaving a tapestry of shadows and secrets that captivates from the very first frame. Set in Victorian England, the series follows the enigmatic Sebastian Michaelis, a demon bound in service to the young and affluent Earl Ciel Phantomhive.. The anime's allure lies not only in its rich historical backdrop but also in its intricate narrative, which seamlessly melds elements of suspense, supernatural, and the macabre. Each episode unfurls with meticulous attention to detail, immersing viewers in a world where every gesture and glance harbors hidden motives.. What sets Black Butler apart is its nuanced exploration ...
"Anonymous Noise" is a kaleidoscope of emotions, weaving a captivating tale of love, loss, and the unyielding passion for music. This anime is not just about melodies; it's a symphony of the heartstrings.. The storyline immerses you into the turbulent lives of Nino, Momo, and Yuzu, three individuals bound together by fate and separated by circumstance. As they navigate the labyrinth of their emotions, the music becomes their sanctuary, their solace, and their battlefield.. What sets "Anonymous Noise" apart is its raw portrayal of human vulnerability and resilience. Each character resonates with authenticity, struggling with their past, present, and the uncertain future. Nino's haunting voice echoes the ...
Otaku Elf delves into the intricacies of cultural identity, the essence of fandom, and the exploration of self-discovery through the lens of fantasy and reality intertwining. The narrative follows the journey of Akihiko, an ordinary otaku who stumbles upon an ethereal elf, Elise, who emerges from his beloved video game into his reality.. At its core, Otaku Elf transcends the typical isekai genre by seamlessly blending elements of fantasy and contemporary otaku culture. It's not merely about escapism but rather about confronting one's passions and reconciling them with the demands of reality. The anime adeptly navigates the delicate balance between fantasy and reality, drawing parallels between ...
This anime started off as your normal ecchi harem series except it felt rushed and was all over the place. It was almost like they mashed every stereotype of anime wifu together all sloppy like. In fact, I almost dropped it. However, the episode I was about to drop it on everything changed. Suddenly, with out saying too much, things were happening that peaked my interest, and from that point on the show went from sloppy and bad to actually really interesting. While most people would hear that it’s better in the second part and skip the first, there is some important information in the ...
Soaring Sky Pretty Cure the 20th Anniversary Season , and the 20th Season of the Precure franchise as a whole , this was a surprisingly good Season for a Anniversary Season, its pretty great from a animation standpoint , and a Character standpoint , the problems are the lack of good villains or really anything good from past seasons , Cure Sky a good main character , Cure Prism a good secondary character, Cure Wing the first male Cure also fits in really well , Cure Butterfly the first 18 years old Cure is also here ...
Gin no Guardian or The Silver Guardian is a very specific anime. Whilst it combines elements of other anime it managed to create it's own atmosphere with nice characters and story. Though it takes a while for to pick up pace.. . It is important to note the first season slowly goes from an ordinary slice of life with comedy elements to the real plot point in Season 2.. I personally adored Gin no Guardian, mainly since it felt fresh and nice to watch with it's characters but story too.. The story whilst clearly taking inspiration from other anime just has this charm to it that kinda makes ...
Vinland Saga is like a really bad bike accident. Everything is fun when you're riding, but when your bike chain breaks and you go tumbling to the ground, everything starts to feel like it's going in slow motion, and your life flashes in front of your eyes before you make contact. Vinland Saga season 2 is the aftermath of that fall. By the end of this 24-episode series, itll leave you in pain and you will end up with a moderate amount of trauma that will probably stay with you for quite some time. Or at least it did with me.. . STORY-. After the events of ...
Mashle's second season is a blast from start to finish. It may not be a groundbreaking masterpiece, but it delivers on its promise of good action fun. The show's consistency and commitment to its unique blend of tones make it a joy to watch.. . For both Mashle enthusiasts and newcomers, I recommend giving the first season a watch before diving into this one. The return of Mashle is met with a bang, offering an entertaining ride filled with laughter, action, and a touch of the peculiar.. . In a nutshell, if you're seeking a lighthearted series with a solid story, a fantastic soundtrack, and characters that'll leave you ...
Let me be summarise my review with this one line:. "A lot of potential was lost, passable performances plagued this movie". . In no department, the movie performs exceptionally. All departments work like they do in an average TV series, doing a passable job nothing exceptional that should be the case for movies in my humble opinion.. . The story & direction of the movie is pretty straightforward. Nobody pulls any punches to present movie in a slight different way.. . Art & Animations were good but nowhere near the level of 2022 standards (especially for a movie).. . Sound department did a good job & even the VAs did a passable job for ...
Elevating the Anime Experience: A 10/10 Review of "Chicken Papa". . "Chicken Papa" is a groundbreaking anime that defies convention, captivating audiences with its unique premise and heartwarming narrative centered around an unexpected hero - a chicken in an elevator. This extraordinary tale not only entertains but also educates, making it a truly enlightening experience for anime enthusiasts.. . From the moment the elevator doors open and reveal the charismatic Chicken Papa, viewers are transported into a world where the mundane becomes extraordinary. The animation is top-notch, seamlessly blending traditional and modern styles to bring the chicken protagonist to life with a level of detail that is both impressive ...
The show has 2 clear halves, each with its separate character. Its like 2 different shows were made about the same story. Each half of those shows are then Frankenstein together to made this show.. . First half is crazy Echchi Comedy show, infact towards the end of first half it goes as far as absurd. This half is also the worst part of this show. It has absurd pacing, absurd story, some wierd comedy scenes & absurd direction.. . Second half is the sci-fi romance drama show. It is just the opposite of first half with great pacing, a story that makes sense with a cover-up of mess ...
IMDB, one of the largest film and tv review sites, has a top episode list made by the collective score the users have given each episode, just like how we do it on MAL. Among the top 10 episodes there are three episodes from AOT s3 part 2. I’d say that is pretty impressive. This season of Attack on Titan is pretty jam packed with action. A lot of revelations come to pass, and a lot of things come to an end.. . Plot/characters: First this season has some of the highest adrenaline action in all of anime, everything is so well done. There’s not a ...
Attack on titan’s third season puts the humanity vs titan story back and places humanity vs humanity to the forefront. As someone who’s already seen the series finish and is rewatching the episodes, I think this was an important part of the series for developing the world and finally setting the politics within the walls to a rest.. . Plot/Characters: The plot here might be slower as compared to the previous two seasons which had an intense amount of action. The action is still there but the story takes its time to develop the world and the politics within the walls. The story is good for what ...
Is it the year of isekai?. . The Wrong Way to Use Healing Magic is what all isekais before should have been if the genre was taken seriously. Yes, the plot is a carbon copy of all the most popular isekais that have come before, but the main difference here is that this isekai comes with a level of maturity and writing not found in other isekais.. . As a summary for those who want to know what this anime is about, it’s basically Shield Hero except the writing is good. Now, onto what is good about this anime.. . First, the pacing of this anime is superb. It doesn’t ...
Kannagi is one of the anime that I often re-watch when new anime stock runs out.. In my opinion, the only thing I like about this anime is Nagi, nothing else, such as the storyline, characters and story background.. . The weakness of this anime is the uncertain storyline, for the opening of the story I quite liked it, it tells about life at school, comedy, and so on.. . But not in the future, this anime has no clear direction and purpose, what does this anime actually want to convey?. Suddenly quarreling for trivial reasons, or running away from home for other trivial reasons.. . But even so, I still quite like ...
The story of this anime is light and not complicated, but the drama and romance elements are very strong, the most important part is that you can't miss the end-credits because all the conclusions are there even if only in the form of image slides. All about this anime:. 1. Great. 2. Original (non-adaptation). 3. Completed/Finished. . "Tsuki ga Kirei" is a gem in the romance genre, offering a refreshing take on teenage love with its realistic characters, heartfelt storytelling, and beautiful animation. Whether you're a fan of romance anime or looking for a series that captures the essence of adolescence, "Tsuki ga Kirei" is a must-watch that will leave ...
This is it, this is peak right now fam. If you like action in your Anime, it doesn't get better than this. It happened here in 2024, and it might even hapen again and again in the future from MAPPA and perhaps even their competitors on yet more projects. Which blows my mind and body, because comparing JJK S2 to what else has come before especially in the shounen genre (Naruto, Bleach, HunterxHunter, FMAB, pick anything)... watching JJK Season 2 is a peak experience as an Anime fan. Not only that, it peaks itself harder and harder and harder as the episodes roll in until ...
Shingeki no Kyojin Season 2. Took me a period to finished this hahahaaa,but damn this was a good watch. I am going to give a 8.25 honest rating for this.. . In terms of story, of course this anime continues the story from the previous season. With a twist and mystery that makes the story more interesting. The plot hole given also had a better impression than the previous season which was expected to be explained in the stories of the following seasons. In terms of characterization, somehow the interaction between the characters feels stiff and not free. With an outpouring of emotions that are not clearly aimed ...
Absolute master piece, I thought this anime would be trash. First, when I started watching this anime, I was thinking it was another waifu, "love these cute girls" anime when my friend reccomended this to me. It was partially true but I felt very passionate about this anime when I started seeing characters with a goal and thier strong desire for winning. (EX:Riceshower) I never thought I would find my self crying over someone's success because I disliked many anime with happy endings. I seen animes that made you cry by death or other sad moments. This anime was different. I hoped for Toukai Teiou ...
Yep, this season goes harder than the first.. . That partially comes down to the series' decision to make every team feel distinct and interesting in its own way, even if it's someone Karasuno dispatches rather easily. There's a sense throughout that everyone has a distinct story, and even when we don't get to see anything or only see snippets, the show rarely feels like it's not putting in the effort to flesh them out, make their losses feel painful, and their wins more meaningful.. . This show is also absolutely fine with showcasing the efforts of these characters first and foremost. There's no sense that it's ...
The Prebuild of Evangelion.. . On a serious note, however, Gunbuster’s merit lies in much more than just being the foundation from which Gainax would build most of their later (and more successful) properties off of. It’s a testament to just how talented Anno and crew were that what could have easily turned out to be just a jumbled mess of ideas instead became, what I would consider, something truly greater than the sum of its parts (and those parts aren’t even really bad on their own).. . We follow Noriko Takaya who, unlike a later protagonist, DOES want to get in the robot. Her goal at the beginning ...
So uh my brother told me to watch this anime. It's uh not bad! I did like it but it's not my thing. If it wasn't for Mash I wouldn't care for it to be honest. It was quite funny and his character is great. Though it feels like it moves very fast which is fine. It seems that you shouldn't take it too seriously. When I first started it I thought it would be more serious. Still, I did like it. Watched it all in a day. I'll wait till season 2 is done to watch that all. I'd say I recommend it. It's ...
A classic, shounen anime featuring arcs of adventure, tribulation, action-packed matchups, and notable characters for their characterization and backstories throughout the show. For me, I think it is an enjoyable show to watch. The only complaint I have was there wasn't enough in a way that the show ended abrupt, in my opinion.. . Animation (7.5/10) - The animation quality and characteristic is already showing of its age as the quality of modern anime progresses; Nonetheless, I think it can be forgivable considering it came out for awhile now. Although for its time, I think it was alright. It wouldn't affect the experience much anyway, if you ...
A harem parody about a blessed high schooler who gets 100 girlfriends. Sounds funny - and it really, really, really, really, really is! But aside from that, it got a lot more than just a few jokes!. . But let's start with the main focus of the show, the comedy. A subjective matter as usual, but it's certainly unhinged and always hits the connection to the generic harems it wants to be a parody of, alongside multiple nods to shows of various other genres. The characters fully embrace their eccentric personalities and putting them together always results in the craziest situations.. . Talking about crazy personalities, we have: ...
This anime is a great balance of drama, tragedy, comedy, action, fantasy and romance, all at the same time, have to say I didn't come across anything that brings all of those genre as well as this title.. . The story and overall plot of it is so well written and it's so easy to understand it's crazy. It definitely is really heartwarming title that for lovers of happy ends and situation solved in peace and rationally, will admire and generally fall in love with it. Character development is amazing (characters solely don't change a lot in appearance and strength, but mainly in their behavior, which is ...
Frieren is, in my humble opinion, probably the absolute best fantasy anime I've ever seen. Genuinely, I can't think of anything that I, personally, find bad about this show. Through a somewhat slower-paced story, Frieren: Beyond Journey's End tells a tale of coming to terms with mortality, and the importance of valuing and treasuring those around you. Occasional action scenes, and spectacular battles with flashy magical spells break up the otherwise meandering pace, adding a touch of excitement, too. It feels heartfelt, and its message is shown perfectly by Frieren herself, our protagonist.. . Speaking of Frieren, what a brilliant character she is. Yes, yes, elf ...
It's possible to assume that a title like Romeo x Juliet would result in a clichéd and superficial retelling of the classic tale.. . To my surprise, the anime adaptation is quite different from what I expected. It includes elements typical of anime, such as fantasy, but also features the iconic scenes, like the balcony, that fans enjoy.. . The story is genuinely impressive, with diverse climaxes and thrilling moments throughout the show. The first ten episodes are particularly intense, following the emotional and tragic experiences of the main characters. While subsequent episodes are more subdued, the narrative picks up again, demanding your continued attention.. . The art style may be ...
This, was, awesome, even if this "SEASON" is just 4 episodes long, it definitely was the best one, and I would rank seasons this way:. God: final stage,. 1st: first stage, second stage,. 2nd: fifth stage,. 3rd: fourth stage.. . Although first and second might be my favorites, the final stage just take them down, easily. Sadly it was short, and we needed to wait 2 years after fifth stage just to see it's continuation, the wait was worth it (gladly I didn't wait long since I started watching it when mf ghost came out and "Initial D" is just way better than that new one).. . This season just shows the best ...
We, as fans, waited over 8 years, for this season, even though we needed to wait another 3 for it to be finished in final stage, it definitely was worth the wait, if it wasn't for the fact that takumi's battle was in the final stage, not this one, would give it a 10 (i might as well do it since it was an amazing season and other than takumi, nothing was missing).. . In this part, it's definitely the peak of everything we watched till this date, and I have to say, even though I love older/earlier seasons more than the later ones in most anime, ...
The Saint's Magic Power is Omnipotent Season 2: A Heartwarming Continuation of Isekai Excellence. . The Saint's Magic Power is Omnipotent Season 2 seamlessly carries forward the enchanting blend of slice of life, reverse harem, and isekai elements that made its predecessor a standout series. Building on the foundation of the first season, the anime continues to weave a tale that combines charm, light-hearted drama, and real-world ideas, setting itself apart in the oversaturated isekai genre.. . The characters remain one of the anime's strongest assets, maintaining their endearing qualities and contributing to the overall charm of the narrative. The protagonist's journey in this season further explores the complexities ...
season 1 review: will these kids ever stop getting traumatized ..... . okay i actually love these episodes, i had to look up how people felt about it, i understand its a lot of filler but i think i like the establishing character moments !!! i do argue that the pacing is a lil wack, but given the time, and the style, it's pretty obvious why its like that lol.. i think my favorite rn ... is sasuke lol..... hes very driven and when theres a challenge, he uses it as a learning experience rather than a hurdle.. i rlly hope to see more of sakuras ...
If Metallic Rouge has a million number of fans I am one of them. If Metallic Rouge has ten fans I am one of them. If Metallic Rouge has only one fan and that is me. If Metallic Rouge has no fans, that means I am no longer on earth. If the world is against Metallic Rouge, I am against the world.. . The character and set design, voice acting, soundtrack, and action sequences make this show worth watching, even if the plot itself is difficult to follow along to. If you want a show you can watch for fun without caring so much for the narrative ...
The OVA for Attack on Titan has three unrelated episodes that all happen while Eren and friends are still training. The episodes are all quite different in theme. The first one adds to the information you have about the world, the second one is attack on titan's attempt at comedy and the third one is mainly just a neat story. The animation, voice acting and music are the same as in the main anime.. . At the end of the opening the episode number is given which could indicate in what order the stories happen:. Episode 1 is listed as episode 3.5. Episode 2 is listed as episode ...
Its Really nice and enjoyable anime please don't judge quickly by some others reviews. Season 2 have Happy ending its already annonced it. Volume 5 light novel have super awsome plot twisted with huge surprise.. This anime have comedy interesting engaing story. Worth Watching, Character Design is Really impressive that character design don't Need Fan art that much awesome.. I will buy all Light Novel and Manga to because i want season 2 soon possible with my own earning. i Guaranteed You will like to.. Main Character Siesta girl is super smart like Sherlock home and looks exact Pretty cute doll you to fell in love that character. its ...
I don't usually give reviews but i liked the plot and story of the anime. It sure is underrated judging it's originality. Though they could make some more episodes and explain in detail the financial terms and conclude it with some proper ending,that would be nice. Although i liked the story.. The art and animation quality is top notch i think besides it was released in 2011. I was kinda astonished wirh the art and animation quality. Fighting scenes are quite good.. The main character is quite realistic in comparison. Seems to be confused of his decisions all the time. But I liked the character. . ...
Hiroshi Harada is primarily known as the man who made the notorious Midori: Shoujo Tsubaki. While it's largely infamous for its extreme violence and generally perverse subject matter, it's also noteworthy in that Harada largely worked on the project by himself. This has been a constant throughout his career, and Limitless Paradise is particularly impressive since he made it by himself (except the music) when he was only a teenager. While considered lost media for a long time by his small but dedicated fanbase, it finally saw the light of day in its entirety last year and I'm glad it did.. . The film's narrative is ...
Certainly, it's a great romance anime and very well done. It's an anime where everyone wins, great endings, tense situations, new scenarios, and especially the girls. Each girl has a different personality and different roles in the story, and the protagonist manages to handle the romantic atmosphere and create very striking scenes in each route's ending.. . The animation quality is good, and the magic of animation happens at important events for the creation of the romantic relationship.. . The soundtrack is beautiful, the opening doesn't disappoint, and there's an ending dedicated to each girl.. . Junichi, despite having a common design, is a reliable character who doesn't disappoint when declaring ...
Translated into english by Aria (IA). . Wonderful. . Nana is intense, its plot full of characters full of personality make everything work perfectly. It intertwines their stories with their personalities, their flaws and their qualities in a wonderful way.. . Nana and Nana (Hachi), two completely opposite characters that complement each other in a very well written plot. Normally romances in animes always end up going wrong when they try to elaborate a drama in the work, it ends up being superficial, banal and forced, but Nana manages to do it with mastery. It manages to do something that I have seen fail several times, which is to make ...
Dude, I just finished watching 'Land of the Lustrous' and gotta say, it's unlike anything I've seen before. The whole concept with characters made out of gems fighting these moon creatures? Wild. And the animation is just mind-blowing – the way they've done the characters and the battles is super slick and pretty much eye candy. The story dives deep into themes like identity and purpose, which is pretty heavy but in a good way. It's cool seeing how each character, or gem, has their own vibe and struggles, making you actually care about what happens to them.. . But here's the thing, while the story's deep ...
73/100 (average rating + 1 because I think this show is better than the sum of its parts). . (I have written a 6 pages long review on my phone's notes app and accidentally deleted it and then committed fucking sepuku but thankfully I came back to life to rewrite this, genuinely the most annoying thing ever). . Weird show (go figure). Serial Experiments Lain is a show that above all seems to be misguided. Don't get me wrong, I think it's quite great, but the series' modus operandi doesn't really work with what it ultimately tried to achieve. It's actually commendable how great the last episode specifically is ...
the tantalizing allure of the zombie apocalypse—a realm where the mundane meets the macabre, and survival takes center stage in a dance of wit and whimsy.. . Enter Zom 100, a delightful romp through the ruins of civilization, where one man's misfortune becomes the catalyst for a comedic odyssey unlike any other.. . Picture this: a man, lost in the labyrinth of life's monotony, finds himself thrust into the chaos of a world overrun by the undead—a turn of events that grants him the ultimate freedom to pursue his wildest dreams before succumbing to the zombified fate that awaits.. . Zom 100 is a carnival of absurdity, a riotous celebration of ...
The people who curse Steins Gate they don't watch it seriously. And they're just jealous that it's more popular. Their favorite anime lol. Or he may be so young that he doesn't understand. I recommend you watch again it when you're 20+ . Thank You so much. . I dare say that this is The #1 best media of my life.. . The story touched my every emotion. And when it's over It gives an experience beyond description.. . . I will answer according to review rules.. . -Steins Gate is very unique. There's nothing like it.. ...
Through a rich array of stunning complex artwork supported by an endearing score, and the increasingly likable characters grappling with the difficulties of adult life, Josee, the Tiger and the Fish succeeds in the message it wants to deliver. We are warmly reminded that just because we might be limited physically or emotionally, we can continue to aspire to become the individual we have always wanted to be. If you feel as though you have fallen short of what you wanted to achieve in your life, or are facing what seems like an insurmountable challenge, please allow this movie an opportunity to rekindle that passion.. . Each ...
This will function as a review for the entire series.. . Although anime had flirted with mainstream pop culture before, it was generally regarded as something of a niche hobby beyond a handful of series like Dragon Ball and Pokemon. That all changed in the mid-2010s. Anime conventions around the world started to see spikes in attendance, anime films began to get high profile theatrical releases outside of Japan and streaming services like Netflix began to see the medium as a lucrative one. Right now, anime is more mainstream than it's ever been before. In fact, the medium's gotten so culturally ubiquitous now that New York's ...
In the end Overtake ended up not what I originally expected it to be and ironically it was for the best.. We have only just got an MF Ghost anime that clearly showed that cars go vroom without an idea isn't interesting to follow (where as in Initial D there was always an idea). Overtake takes an entirely different approach. It tells a story from an outsider's perspective who learns of F4 by chance and how both Main Characters each with his own problems came together to overcome their own ghosts (pun intended) and come on top each in their own regard.. . Kouya a professional photographer who ...
The second season of Spy x Family revitalizes what initially got me interested in the show in its first twelve episodes. The first season of the show was very solid for its first twelve episodes, but it then showed an unfortunate lack of direction for the rest of its runtime. The direction for the first half of season 1 was clear: establish Loid's mission and set the tone for the rest of the series. It was highly effective at this, and any viewer should have been well acquainted with what his duties as a Spy entailed by the end of the first half of the ...
I really enjoy the vibe of zombie shows like this. There's a serious situation going on and the characters can get serious when appropriate, but they don't let their circumstances drag them into depression. The first half of the show cultivating in the arc with Akira's old manager explores this well with it's own special twist. While most zombie shows have a theme of learning to survive and keep living in this new fucked up world, Zom 100 tweaks it slightly and is more about breaking free of your old monotonous life that is either actively harming you or you do not enjoy. The appeal ...
i absolutely loved this anime, i'm so tired of seeing the same tired plot over and over and over again in anime and when i found this one, i was so happy because it's genuinely so good. there's a lot to be desired plot-wise, don't get me wrong, but it's still so good. the characters are likable, the plot is decent enough and i love the aesthetics. it could do with a little more world building but other than that, i thoroughly enjoyed it. it had an old-time anime feel to it like blood + mixed with the new age stuff.
This story follows two characters, Guideau and Ashaf, on a literal witch-hunt by taking on commissions related to magical incidents, in hopes of eventually finding the witch responsible for Guideau's curse.. . This show jumps into action and spends little time explaining the story’s exposition. You kind of just see what’s going on- the characters, their missions, as it goes.. . Setting resembles England (or the US, honestly I don’t know) in the 1800’s so f you’re a fan of supernatural entities and European folktale mythology, this is it. The show has an atmosphere close to the settings of Yuukoku Moriarty, Case Vanitas, Fate/Apocrypha, Shiki, Wednesday, and Harry ...
Straight to the point this Isekai anime is damn great. Well written story with too many characters introduced.. The main character may not have any strength but he got that ability to kill instantly. I like how the author had the idea about his ability where he kills the magic staff (which isn't even a living body) made his ability more instantly. Long range, Short range? doesn't matter the ability will work anyways. But dying is so easy in this world though i haven't seen any despair expressions on any characters up until now and with those situations they are bit too calm so thats ...
It's not a masterpiece with astounding animation or a deeply intriguing story, nor does it have a unique premise. But this is the show that Dungeon Meshi is trying to be. The food is varied and actually looks appetizing. The setting and characters are a bit predictable, but still very satisfying to watch. People behave like actual people most of the time instead of acting strangely to suit the plot.. . Frankly, if you just want a show with some easy laughs and delicious looking anime food, look no further. Very nice to just turn your brain off after a long day and relax with this ...
Hooter’s company slogan is “Delightfully tacky, yet unrefined”. No better words could be used to describe these final two extended episodes. There is a lot to love here with excitement and intrigue, but it just barely misses the mark on a “perfect ending”. Regardless of the divisive takes on this season in particular, I believe it’s safe to say AOT will hold a special place in anime history regardless of how the ending is perceived. This is especially true for myself. I wouldn’t say I’m the biggest fan by any means, End of Evangelion or bust, but I definitely hold AOT dear to my heart. ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2024!. . Story (10). The story is a continuation of 2nd season where they are having a journey after defeating the turquoise spirit. In this season, you're going to see a new character and other Heroes that have been corrupted. It's interesting to see the battle between that hero.. . Art (10). The art in this anime is excellence! I like the color, glow, and shadow they used for this anime. The battle scene that I like is when they fight the Emperor of Dragon. It's really smooth and eye-catching!. . Sound (10). All the sounds that they used were suitable and adjusted to the animation.. ...
The series wraps up beautifully, delivering an enjoyable experience with its charismatic characters, engaging interactions, and captivating drama. The epilogue was particularly entertaining—I was nearly fooled by the first part. . The story picks up seamlessly from where the second season left off, neatly tying up all loose ends. While not an epic conclusion, it aligns well with the series' tone and narrative trajectory.. . Despite its age, the franchise boasts solid artistry across character design, backgrounds, and music, maintaining a timeless quality.. . While character depth may not be overly intricate, emotional resonance is palpable throughout, from lighthearted moments to gripping drama.. . In summary, fans of the first and second seasons ...
Could have been one of the best animes, but dropped the ball.. . Let me start off by saying that this is one of my favorite animes and it did an absolutely amazing job at everything up until the very end of the anime. I believe that everyone should give this anime a watch as it also gives a great amount of lessons on how to write an amazing story. In this review, whenever I refer to something based upon writing, I try to keep it objective anything else will be my subjective opinion.. . First off, this anime may be marketed or said as an action mech ...
My first ever review of an anime about every aspect. . "Tokyo Ghoul" stands as a masterpiece, especially when compared to many recent anime productions, due to its exceptional storytelling, thematic depth, and lasting impact. Here's why it outshines its contemporaries:. . Narrative Complexity: "Tokyo Ghoul" presents a narrative that transcends typical anime conventions. Its exploration of identity, morality, and the blurred lines between humans and ghouls adds layers of complexity to the storytelling. The series delves into profound philosophical questions, offering a depth that is often missing in more recent anime.. . Character Development: The characters in "Tokyo Ghoul" are intricately crafted, with each undergoing significant development throughout the ...
The basic plot (without any spoilers) revolves around a UFO or "disk" which hovers over a small town. Nonoka (the main protagonist) is moving back with her father to this town, after living in the city due to her mother's health issues. Nonoka is suprised to find a small girl named Noel waiting for her, and that her and a group of (now distant) friends were responsible for initially summoning the disk. As she begins to re-connect with her past acquittances drama unfolds, as specifically with Shione, who resents her for Nonoka for forgetting about her.. . As the series goes on we learn more ...
NHK ni Youkoso! is undeniably among the finest anime series I've ever experienced. If you're hesitating to give it a shot, don't. This show seamlessly blends humor and intrigue, capturing a rollercoaster of emotions that had me hooked from start to finish. The narrative delves into profound themes with an engaging touch, weaving a compelling story that's both thought-provoking and entertaining.. . The anime doesn't just scratch the surface; it navigates through a myriad of emotions and serious subjects with finesse. I found myself so engrossed that I binge-watched all the episodes without a pause – a testament to its gripping narrative and compelling character development.. . NHK ni ...
I agree with those who have expressed that the staff has been attentive to fan feedback. While the initial episodes may seem acceptable, it doesn't take long to notice significant changes. AI is now actively participating in revenge, a task typically undertaken by her comrades. She is also involved in observing the Client. We also delve deeper into AI and her comrades' backgrounds, providing enough insight into their emotions.. . Gradually, it deviates from its usual formula of backstory, dealing with the devil, and revenge. It introduces intriguing revenge stories and explores hypothetical scenarios, such as what happens if the intended target for revenge has already died. ...
just finished the entire series and figured id give a review since this anime is not really talked about by english speakers. . the voice acting and music/soundtrack is very good I found the music very catchy and fitting. Shurato is what id say is what Saint seiya would be if it was an isekai with hindu myths.. . Shurato is very similar to Saint seiya and has been compared to it, it was clearly influenced by it as this came just around the same time as Saint Seiya's hype, Saint seiya inspired a trend of what id call "magical boys in armor" it was shortly lived though ...
If you like ecchi, tentacles, yuri, BDSM theme with addition of tons of cuteness and joke then this is definitely for you. Period.. . The correct title is "I Admire Magical Girls, and... I want to abuse them in various ways sexually". . The first episode is a clever design: it shows you jokes, full-blown nudity, and ecchi. This filters out those who expect Madoka Magica, Precure, Sailor Moon type of Magical Girls to drop this anime immediately, and the rest who are interested will keep going. So I suggest you take a quick look at 1st ep and if you decide to continue watching then I have a ...
Me and a good friend of mine did a movie night, as we occasionally do, and after watching the Movie (Makai Tensho, from 1981) i decided to show them the OVA also based on the same Novel (though taking much inspiration from the Ken Ishikawa manga).. As it happens, we got quite curious for the staff, as the intended punchline for the night was that the OVA ends without a conclusion - another dreaded "OVA cancelled early in its life" situation - but instead when clicking on the directors name we stumbled upon a name for an OVA that took us quite by surprise:. . Hot Space Cowboys.. . It ...
I’ve been disappointed with the lack of BL romance releasing, so was happy to see this was on this list and it’s better than expected! Two virgins who received the ability to hear thoughts of those they touch on their 30th birthday. Super heartwarming and comedic. Into episode 4, they introduce a second potential couple aside from the MCs that I’m excited to see both of their developments.. . As a BL lover, this is top tier only 4 episodes in and it has made me want to read the manga because it’s so freakin’ cute. Highly recommend to other BL lovers.. . 8/10 for this BL. It ...
This is one of the few shows where I like the Anime more than the source manga and the adaptation actually blew all my expectations out of the park and then some. The manga has some pacing issues and some minor plot-holes etc, and the anime adds a lot of original scenes to provide additional context, improve world-building and modify some dialogues to better suit the situation. Studio Mother has done fantastic job with the animation, color palette and absolutely gorgeous backgrounds. The voice acting (JP) is also on point especially from VA of Jirou and Akari. Overall a great adaptation of a solid manga ...
A light and crispy anime that can be enjoyed during a relaxed period. The series revolves around the concept of a sweet-loving pastry chef finding nobility in a new world. It is simple, engaging, and soothing, making it easy and enjoyable to watch.. . If we talk about the shortcomings: Firstly, there is a rather bland nobility system and confusing aristocrats. Yes, there is a general lack of clarity and meaning in the plot. Look, this baron, that duke, this count—okay, now you've learned about them, and the story throws you into their troubled world. Additionally, while the characters are not explicitly portrayed as overpowered, they somehow ...
Aight, listen up. I'mma lay it down for you.. . . . This series is based and respects the audience for who they are. People who like girls in sexy but formal outfits mixed in with a celebration of kinks and sexual desire played up in a fun way that end up well animated for the most part. Sometimes they add in a bit too much bloom and blur but it's fine overall cause the way they focus on that action such as tongues and lips GOING-AT-IT is just on-point. They don't hold back from any of the intimate stuff, you always know you'll be eatin' ...
But now, what do I think of this anime? Well, I've already said it: it's one of my favorite anime of my life. It's inventive where it can be, has a unique personality and a BEAUTIFUL production by Bones that elevates each episode and scene to the maximum, complemented by the incredible character design by Toshinao AOKI and Yoshiyuki Ito.. . After the anime finished, a short five-chapter manga adaptation was released. However, this time, the story is told from Nao's point of view in some of the series' key scenes. This gives us a more in-depth insight into her thoughts on everything and also allows us ...
School Rumble, it was said that this was somewhat the inspiration behind Kaguya-Sama. I can see that. What I did not expect was how goddamn good it was going to be.. Look everyone that I know knows that I love a good comedy. The dubbed comedy in this? Out of this world.. Comedy is always subjective, so it cannot always be said my humor will taste the same as yours. What I can guarantee though is you will laugh at this show!. This is up there, if not better than the likes of Nichijou and Danshi Kokose Nichijou. This had the same gag-humor style of SKET-Dance ...
Whether you're interested in cars or not, Initial D is a fantastic series that will give you the thrill of competition without violence or needless smut. You'll find no explosions, shoot-outs, or gravity-defying shenanigans here, but with its own unique charm, combining the creator's own signature character styles and tasteful use of CGI, and a thoroughly memorable Eurobeat soundtrack, it's nonetheless a series pretty much anyone can get into.. . On the surface, the story is nothing spectacular: a daydreaming high-school student, Takumi Fujiwara, who works part-time at a gas station is reluctantly drawn into a world he initially has no interest in whatsoever, the world ...
Saw lots of people complain about the 3 antagonists being very unexplained and skipped over, but I find that normal.. Araragi doesn't need to know about their details. Araragi is lacking in experience but VERY strong compared to them. Kiss-shot Acerola-orion Heart-under-blade (:prayge:) literally explains how this will be an easy task for Araragi (Even though she knows how lowly regular humans are, which he was just until recently).. This movie is not gonna feed you information that doesn't matter to Araragi/Araragi didn't know about. And funny thing is, for those who REALLY wanna know more about them, maybe you shouldn't have skipped the entire ...
Clannad after story is an anime series that continues the story of Tomoya Okazaki and Nagisa Furukawa, who have graduated from high school and started their life together. The anime depicts their joys and sorrows, their challenges and achievements, and their love and loss. It is a series that will make you laugh, cry, and feel deeply for the characters and their struggles.. . Clannad after story is not just a romance or comedy anime. It is a series that explores the themes of life, death, and rebirth. It shows how Tomoya and Nagisa grow as individuals and as a couple, how they face the harsh realities ...
This is such a masterpiece of an anime. Its been such a long time since I've seen a piece of media this good. Its a slow burn, but its so worth your time I recommend anyone to give this a watch. This show has a bit of everything, from drama, romance, action, fantasy, lore, amazing character interactions, I absolutely adore the main cast I love how we see them all grow as the episodes pass. Love the way immortality is presented here, how we often take things for granted and how quickly time passes in a blink of an eye. While this show is more ...
Yatogame-chan Kansatsu Nikki, despite being a 4-season, 3-minute-per-episode tourism ad for Nagoya, is way better than it has any right to be. Not only is it flashy and funny, but it is also extremely educational. I know so much more about Nagoya now than I otherwise would have known. Part of why I think it came off so well is because, despite being a tourism ad, it doesn't spend the whole runtime praising itself- instead it leans into self-deprecating humor and stereotypes, then explains why Nagoya is great anyway. Beginning with the story, it's a simple little setup, revolving around a quirky girl who is ...
Really fun show, its like if D&D was an anime with cooking elements to it. I really love how we slowly get to learn more about the lore of the world with each episode. With all the fantasy shows that have come out lately this author still brings a fresh new take on the fantasy genre, it gets me wanting to know more about the world. The characters are all great, best thing about having an adult cast is that they actually communicate what problems they're having and any insecurities they have in a mature way. The more we learn about the characters the more ...
At one point in this anime I thought, "Among the seasons of Hajime no Ippo, this is the one I liked the least." And in some respects it is like this. In fact, I consider the animation and characters to be of a lower level than the first two seasons but this third season of Hajime no Ippo has within it two of the best narrative arcs of the series and one of the best fights. So I consider it on the same level as the second season. The second season was constant in its beauty while this season has some absurd peaks and therefore ...
Your enjoyment of this anime will be contingent entirely on your investment in the Fate franchise as a whole. When I say Fate as a whole, I mean that very deliberately, because if the only Fate property you enjoy is Fate/Zero, suffice it to say you will not enjoy Apocrypha. I suppose it will also depend on your enjoyment of action anime as such, but since you’re here, reading this, I’m kind of taking that for granted.. . When and how should you watch this? Whenever and however you want. Where does this fit in the larger Fate continuity? It doesn’t. Fate/Apocrypha is a completely separate timeline. ...
It may have been because I found it without looking, but when this started airing in North America, I made sure I was on top of it. This show is a fun ride through a jazzy adventure that you will thoroughly enjoy. Sure, it can be a bit goofy and not serious, but that's what I like about it. The show sets itself apart by being entirely its own thing and not being concerned with what anyone else is doing. That is the essence of Space Dandy. The art style wonderfully compliments the story, as everything feels fast and loose but still with a great ...
Weird take on CGDCT, Kaiju Girls' main premise is precisely that: girls (chibi) that can transform into anthropomorphized Kaiju, the girls are basically students and have peculiar personalities, which depending on your tastes can either be grating or comedic. I personally liked it a lot.. Each episode is about 5 minutes long, just a bunch of shorts with intermittent punchlines. If you go into this looking for anything other than a cheap chuckle then prepare to be disappointed. For me, I can't sit through more than a few episodes at a time but if you take it for what it is (bite sized humor) rather ...
"Be yourself," "Be there for others," and "Never lose hope" - these are the pillars of the PreCure franchise.. . This movie is both an anniversary celebration and a reminder of what PreCure is all about. It makes you realize why this franchise is so beloved. If you have seen the seasons from 2015 to 2023, you will enjoy seeing these characters in action. Their individual traits are recognizable, and their interactions feel believable. The movie also introduces new characters, including one of the scariest villains in the franchise. If you're not in it for the slice-of-life, there are awesome fight scenes to make up for it. ...
'One Piece' is an enduring and iconic anime series that has left an indelible mark on the world of anime and manga. Boasting a vast and intricate narrative, the series introduces viewers to the captivating adventures of Monkey D. Luffy and his eclectic crew of pirates as they navigate the Grand Line in search of the legendary treasure, One Piece.. . The anime, while occasionally criticized for its slow pacing, delivers a compelling storyline filled with rich character development, emotional depth, and a myriad of imaginative worlds. The diverse range of characters, each with their unique abilities and backstories, adds a layer of complexity to the narrative, ...
This anime leaves a smile on my face after every episode from how funny and light hearted it is.. . An unique idea of a plot that you don't see often with unpredictable events that leaves you satisfied.. . For the animation and colors it's really good they put the effort in it .. . Also the intro and the outro songs it's sweet and fits .. . The anime arranged well the events and it's good as a light bl if you don't want to see exclusive smut,. . this anime is on the pure side and focuses on the plot and characters so you'd probably enjoy it~ .
This show has every right to be trashy; and it somehow is the farthest thing from it.. . 'Gushing over Magical Girls' is a show I started watching this season on a whim. The opening looked cool enough, and I thought the characters looked unique. What I did not expect was one of the best ecchi series I've seen in years. Why is the show so good? Well, let me explain.. . Every character in this show has a 'quirk', that makes all of them conventionally weird. These traits make the interactions between all of the cast so fucking hilarious, to the point where I literally find myself laughing ...
Best harry potter parody is back for season 2 with a great openning, very good animation and a weird plot. . plot: (5/10). who tf cares its a parody and the plot goes "mashle join us -some random villain group, no - mashle" +few more details i left out but its not that important it doesnt affect the anime much other than 1 thing, mashle being revealed as magicless other than that dont even pay attention. . animation: (8/10). the animation looks great like in season 1. . Jokes: (9/10). for anime standards its a 9 although i wouldnt compare it to comedies outside of japan idk if thats the jokes they make but ...
It's very understandable that this show wont be everyones cup of fan-service tea, but it has really cemented it's place in my heart as one of my favorite anime of all time. My rating on it, as with all my ratings, is based on how much I enjoyed it despite it's flaws.. . But that's just it, Cross Ange sure has it's flaws. It's world building is messy and feels almost thrown together in the middle of the series as big plot twists that had absolutely zero hints leading up to them, are thrown in your face. Other plot twists and revelations do have a good bit ...
This anime is one of my favorites. The animation is great, taking into account that this anime is not action or supernatural, which does not require a lot of work to move and animate. One of this anime strength is its characters building, and design. It is amazing how the interaction among all of them.. In my opinion, story is a masterpiece, and the writer was able to create all these different types of interactions among all these people.. I am not a LN reader, and I see many saying that there are differences from the anime.. Although I think the anime is doing great ...
Isekai Ojisan was such a wonderful watch, the premise alone was enough to get me hooked but they really nailed basically every aspect of this and it was certainly the most unique isekai I've seen - and also one of the best, especially in the comedy department. Man they really nailed the jokes in this so consistently too, certainly due to the characters present as well no doubt because they really were so much fun in every single scene. I absolutely adored the elf girl in the other world she really stole every single scene and I think is the perfect example of a parody ...
Well, the score speaks for itself, If you're still hesitant, start! The only potential criticism one could make of this series is that it might be a bit slow at the beginning.. . And that's only if you want to find a flaw. Establishing the story is essential, especially in a fantasy world like Frieren. I believe many, like myself, enjoyed each episode released so far, even when there's less action, and that's the strength of "Frieren"!. . If you're not convinced with that, it's necessary to add that the animations are masterclass, the story entirely coherent, characters interesting and well-developed, with touches of humor and darkness when needed.... . In ...
Classroom of the Elite is a very philosophical anime. A show centered around exploring society and the dynamics of people living and coexisting in said society. Which ironically takes place in a wealthy, government-run high school of excellence off a secluded island.. . At Tokyo Koudo Ikusai Senior High School, it's said that 100% of students who graduate go to college or find employment. Of course, there's a catch. There are four classes in each year. Class A through Class D. And the classes are treated better or worse in descending order. The people of Class A receive much better treatment than those of Class D. Expulsion ...
This donghua is an adaptation of the first Soul Land or Douluo Dalu novel. This is way too long to actually accurately score as an adaptation, so instead, I will be giving my impression of this as an adaptation and noting some obvious changes from the source. This review may contain some spoilers and will be VERY LONG, given the high episode count. In addition, watch the 2-hour Director's Cut finale as opposed to the original.. . TLDR: Douluo Dalu, or Soul Land, is now a completed donghua (and probably the first for this level of adaptation). It is a great watch for beginners to the Xianxia ...
Jigokuraku was a really interesting show, the premise alone hooked me in but I really liked how they handled the different characters' techniques and stories. This first season definitely felt like more of an introduction, however there was definitely substance to the story and they went in a really cool direction with it all especially Gabimaru's backstory and overall character. He wasn't the only one I loved tho, honestly most of the characters featured brought something interesting to the story and served well in the cast I was never bored with any of their backstories or scenes. They left off at a really intriguing place ...
This is the first ever BL anime I watched and It helped me come to terms with my own sexuality. Having for a long time consider myself weird or felt like something was wrong with me because I never had any strong feelings when watching hetero love stories/dating, this anime definitely open a whole new emotion for me at the age of 23 and helped in the process to accept that I wasn't straight. I enjoyed the fact that both Sasaki and Miyano are patient with each other's feelings and try their best to communicate their problems.. . The fact that their relationship is focused mostly ...
This is the first ever BL anime I watched and It helped me come to terms with my own sexuality. Having for a long time consider myself weird or felt like something was wrong with me because I never had any strong feelings when watching hetero love stories/dating, this anime definitely open a whole new emotion for me at the age of 23 and helped in the process to accept that I wasn't straight. I enjoyed the fact that both Sasaki and Miyano are patient with each other's feelings and try their best to communicate their problems.. . The fact that their relationship is focused mostly ...
I should’ve talked about this movie before Huang Yan because it came out earlier but well, not much to do since I watched the other title first. Whenever this film is talked about, it’s compared with that series, Perfect Blue and the works of Junji Ito, and although I see the resemblance to them in some level, I found it quite different from them and quite unique on its own.. . The premise is a twist in the surgeon drama/thriller formula that several movies and Huang Yan had, by removing the surgeon and replace him with a, well, beauty water, as the title implies, that works kind ...
What is one's purpose in life? That is the question that this anime has you wondering even if you are human or AI. How do we continue to evolve as a society, as people, as the world changes, and how do we continue when we hit a fall.. This anime is one where you would think it is a straight up idol anime from just the photo, but episode one really tells you that this a wait and see approach. As the anime progresses you can see how one will become invested, but also see why things could have been taken to a different course of ...
Even though I've been aware of Lupin the III since watching Lupin: Tales Of The Wolf which was a two episode vhs tape that was released by Streamline Pictures in the 1990's I haven't had much experience with Lupin the III as a whole. As of the writing of this review the only other time I've watched any additional works of Lupin III is the Lupin III: Castle of Cagliostro film.. . I decided to look at Lupin III's first adventure into the world of television with the original tv series released in 1971. This series despite being over 50 years old holds up incredibly well ...
JJK Season 2 is the MAPPA's latest season for their shounen giant. If you were a fan of the first season, you will love the this one. If the first season was not your style, I wouldn't recommend continuing, as this season is only going to bring much more of what made the first so popular. Since this is a new season, I will not be going into spoilers here.. . Animation:. Once again, MAPPA knocks it out of the ball park with some of the best animated fights I have ever had the pleasure of seeing. Definitive eye porn. It really sucks to know that the workload ...
Fantastic. Not only does the second half of this season make good on the intriguing setup from the end of the first half, it goes above and beyond to give both Bell and Ryuu much more depth to their characters.. . Ryuu is the standout in this season as the story focuses much of it's attention around her backstory with her old familia. The show manages to expertly switch between flashbacks and current events while maintaining a sense of overall anticipation and dread through some of danmachi's darkest moments.. . Additionally, a lot of love is given to the rest of the Hestia familia + friends. This ...
Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion is similar to Death Note, but with a different main character, setting, and power. When something happens in the show, Lelouch becomes Zero, and he has to fight the whole Britannian Empire.. . Although I enjoy the story, I dislike how it was executed. The main cause of inconsistency is Lelouch's limited use of mind control. This becomes important because of what happens later in the show. The issue is that Lelouch could have simply ordered someone to “obey every order I give,” but he failed to do so until the latter stages of the show. This is an annoying plot ...
The first half of Season 4 does not disappoint. It boasts an incredibly strong start and finish to part 1 of season 4, with only a mild drag in the middle.. . FINALLY! After 2 seasons, danmachi is back in a dungeon! And it matters! Huzzah!. . Of course, it wouldn't be danmachi if Bell didn't find yet another girl to add his seemingly endless harem. This years fare is a young mermaid girl who seems to only exist as a deus ex machina for Bell. She's completely inconsequential except for the handful of times she is incredibly important. This leads to a lot of fairly boring ...
This is far better than it has any right to be.. . On the surface it looks like yet another generic isekai where the mc gets teleported to a new, video game-ish world, with abilities, levels, and, of course, multiple women all going after the mc simply because “he exists and maybe did one nice thing for them”. However, for whatever reason, they managed to thread the needle and create something that’s genuinely both funny and engaging. They’ve done away with the typical video game structure and instead have separated the mc from his companions in order to train him to become a combat medic who’s ...
The story revolves around Clare, a formidable warrior with a haunting past, and Raki, a young boy who becomes inextricably linked to her after a tragic encounter with demons, known in the series as Yoma, leads to the devastation of his family. Clare’s character is not your typical anime protagonist; she is layered, her stoicism interspersed with moments of vulnerability, reflecting the complexity of her journey as a Claymore.. . Raki’s attachment to Clare, driven by his tragic past and a search for purpose, adds a humanizing dimension to the narrative. Their relationship, though initially founded on necessity and shared trauma, evolves into a profound bond that ...
Im amazed about everything in this session the storyline and the music and more important the emotional side of the characters dammit this was really truly hard to get along with its making me shudder each time im fleshing back the plot i do think there are good words to describe this peace of ART , all the characters react to situations and events in a realistic, it's dark imagination story i recommend it to those who love this type of anime . the art of the style hides so many unexpected things we must be patient to discover this Hadden message. and ...
Kingdom 5th Season, the saga marches onward, beckoning loyal viewers to tread the path laid forth by its predecessors.. . Now, if you've journeyed through the annals of the last four seasons, rest assured, this one beckons your presence once more. As for visual fidelity, well, let's just say it mirrors the familiar aesthetic of its forebears, offering little deviation in its visual tapestry. But fear not, for it's the heart of the tale that truly captivates.. . Picture this: the plot thrusts us headlong into the chaos of battle, a battlefield alive with the thunderous clash of steel and the fervent cries of warriors. Our valiant hero, stalwart ...
Genre - Mystery, Comedy. This is a generic detective series where a duo consisting of MC who is genius eccentric detective and a helpful kind average supporting character solve mysteries.. The humor is what makes it a 7.. The mysteries are decent and are solved in generally 1-3 episodes.. There is a backstory that goes on in the background.. The backstory grows and will become the main story for S2 second half (or S3 if it goes that far).. The characters have weight and importantly consistency. They don't change nature as plot demands.. The pace may seem uneven at times during any mystery.. Characters - 8/10. Writing - 7/10. ...
This feels like the ultimate, personal attack for those "Did they animate the music right?" videos.. . While clearly suffering from too much content cramped into a movie duration, Blue Giant never losses the driving force to propel you and them further! Even more, the presence of animation fills and perfecting the obvious gap left by the manga. You will never see passion, hustle and youthful transcending a medium this beautiful!. . The kind of music that makes you jump out of your seat out of reflexes! The kind of music that drives you crazy! Blue Giant is the epitome of musical animation, and you'll have to fight me ...
Mushoku Tensei is one of the latest popular entries in the isekai genre focused on a middle-aged NEET getting killed in an accident and being reincarnated into a medieval-fantasy based world as a young boy named Rudeus Greyrat with a talent with magic. Wanting the opportunity to have a better life compared to his prior one, Rudeus sets out to improve himself as he better understands the new world he is part of and becomes acquainted with the world’s occupants.. . I’ll be the first to say that this series isn’t setting out to break any new ground with the isekai genre, as it does have a ...
The Saint's Magic Power is Omnipotent: A Refreshing Take on Isekai with a Medicinal Twist. . The Saint's Magic Power is Omnipotent offers a welcome departure from the conventional isekai formula, introducing viewers to a compelling narrative with a female lead at its helm. This anime brings together elements of magic, medicine, and subtle hints of a reverse harem, creating a unique and enjoyable viewing experience.. . One of the standout features of the series is its emphasis on a female protagonist in an isekai setting. The Saint's Magic Power is Omnipotent breaks away from the male-dominated isekai landscape, offering a refreshing perspective through the eyes of its capable ...
The anime ends well and is decent, so why all the hate? Is it because of the manga? I haven't actually read it, so I can't say how it compares, but personally, I believe the anime shouldn't be judged alongside the manga, as they're different products despite sharing the same story.. . I enjoyed the anime; it's entertaining, and while there are moments where you might dislike certain characters and some interactions don't feel very organic, overall it's quite acceptable (especially compared to the generic trash that comes out year after year). At least it stays true to the characters' personalities.. . The soundtrack is good, both the external ...
IMPORTANT: Do NOT watch Episode 1, skip straight to Episode 2. Episode 1 is literally just a carbon copy of a later episode and it spoils basically everything, you're better off without it.. . With that out of the way, Gungrave is an interesting anime that has a lot of strengths, but also a few weaknesses. This is because it has got two components to it:. . 1) A very watertight character-driven gangster story that takes up most of the anime, which is very much worth the price of admission.. 2) While it's not quite correct to call it this, there is a point where I would describe ...
This is a story about four colleagues turned friends who are refreshingly open about their feelings and who do their best to make each other feel comfortable, valued, and happy. It's not soppy, though, it's absolutley hilarious! Besides one running gag that might become a bit old, the humour is on point, resulting in a dopamine inducing mix of cuteness, wholesomeness, and hilarity. The anime is also surprisingly progressive (one of the guys is openly bisexual) and sends an important message about growing as a person and finding happiness in life. In case you start watching and don't like the cat: Neither did I (at ...
I have watched many Chinese movies/ donghua and same as others this as well has a strong relation to their traditions. Without a doubt this is one of the movies I would recommend for anyone without hesitation. It shows the struggle of life, poverty, bullying and also how it will give one strength to fight through it all. The characters were likable and the story was easy to follow as well.. . The story revolves around a boy who builds an interest towards Lion dancing and the journey of him and his friends to reach their goal. The opening of the story was slow ...
Not without its flaws, but overall this is a recommended watch for Isekai, comedy or slice of life fans. If you're not an Isekai fan I'm not sure this does enough to convert you in all honesty.. . Warning going in, this is a skit-heavy show, constantly jumping backwards and forwards between characters. Early on this is severe, and while it improves it never goes away. If that isn't for you skip this show.. . Pro's. - The main cast are great, they're a really solid team who bounce off eachother well. They're designed in such a way that the show can go from humour to drama very quickly and ...
This is my first review on MAL. This show deserves that. My wife and I were looking for a change of pace anime to get away from the action of the other shows we had been watching. This is no doubt the best show we could have chosen for that. If you are an empathetic person or had hard times growing up, this show will make you cry just about every episode. The character development is great for there only being 10 episodes. I know a lot of people will probably hate on the animation style, I personally liked it. I would recommend this show ...
This is a hidden gem, and genuinely the most fun I've had with an anime in recent memory. The shenanigans of those three girls crack me up in every episode. I think I could watch a hundred episodes of this and not start getting bored. Too bad there are only 12 of them.. . There's a matter of personal connection with this kind of comedy, but if it scratches your itch, you're in for a fantastic ride.. . ***. . Just because MAL thinks my review is not good enough, I will add: yes, the story is unique, hadn't seen anything so barebones as this yet so fun. The art ...
Cute squid girl. Classing Ending animation. For opening is so-so. Both opening and ending song is not bad. The story is good, balance of the comedy and SoL. Some episode are predictable, for SoL watcher of course. As for character, each of them are unique. they have their roles well within the story. For Art style, like other SoL anime, simple and classic. Realistic? Definitely not, it's a Squid Girl.. . For me, i enjoy this anime.. Recommended for you to spend your days in chill sofa with big TV and snacks. Not recommended for Action fans anime, Obviously. For them, they will say "boring anime".
Pluto is a perfect mystery, science fiction, drama series. The overall tone of the show from beginning to the end shifts from a detective show to a drama, then it becomes a thriller mystery title. After some point it turns into a thoughtful piece of media that approaches topics like human rights, it also provides shounen plot with solid understanding of artificial intelligence setting at some point as well. Even though I told tons of topics and genres this show handles they and more in an 8 episode (around 60 minutes for each episode) beautifully. But these are not the main beauty of the show. ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2024!. . Story (8). The story is about a family who didn't have a parent because of an accident. The family itself it consists of 4 people which is one of them already in a productive age (the Eldest one) while the others are still going to school. It's very interesting to see how they survived without parents and a lot of events occurred in their daily lives such as finding a girlfriend, getting sick, etc.. . Art (8). The art in this anime is good. I like the minimalism style they were using for this slice-of-life anime. I really like how they ...
Now this was completly fine film. Sure it lacked voice acting, which made the story a bit confusing, specially the ending, and there are some weird jump cuty. but it's still quit good. And yes the animation can be creepy at some points, but again, dosen't ruin the enjoyment that much. The characters are done quit good, and despite what I said about the story and lack of voice acting, the story is quit enjoyable and easy to follow. And dunno if orriginally it was short or if part of it got lost through time and that's why it has weird jump cuts.
This is seriously one of the funniest things I've watched on my sports anime journey.. . The humor is great, the animation is made even better with all of the voices being exactly the same, the sound effects coming from the same voice, and the recurring jokes made me pause the video I was laughing so hard. The story is a cute one, but engaging enough to keep attention, and draws you in. The full-frontal nudity is... a bit unsettling, but it makes for a great story that I would recommend to most people.. . I could see how other wouldn't like the story- the humor is gutter-ish, whilst ...
The best TV show I have ever watched, and the dub is PHENOMINAL. No joke, these ratings aren't even dramatized:. . Pros:. 10/10 characters - some of the best characters in any medium and Yōsuke Kuroda managed to flesh them out in so little time + budget.. 10/10 plot. 10/10 soundtrack - composed by tsuneo imahori so it's expected lol. 10/10 villains. 10/10 themes - thought provoking but definitely not preachy or annoying. 10/10 art direction / character design. 10/10 atmosphere -the pros of Trigun's and Black Lagoon's combined. ...
It's a pretty decent romance anime, but probs the best you'll get for furry anime... not really even joking(not a furry for clarification). Animatiopn is fairly fluid, but not a whole lot of flash. What little flash is present is decent though. An good enough amount of detail to tell someone cared about this anime, but it's nothing amazing. Characters have a fair amount of depth, and are fleshed out a fair amount, but still feel like more could be done with the cast, their backstories, and better building up the characters. Story is fleshed out enough, but I do wish there were more world ...
pretty much nobody knows that this little show even exists. but they should. its great.. . its an entirely CGI anime, but it actually looks good for 2008 , no cell shading, only traditional 3D texturing and rendering. . the characters (all two of them) are incredibly funny to watch goof around in their endless kitchen-floor-tile void-scape (watch the show to know what tf I'm talking about). and when they throw in a 3rd character for like one episode, that's when things get really wacky. . the episodes are very short (only around 1-2 minutes), and literally every second has something crazy going on, the jokes are sprayed out super fast, ...
You wouldn't expect to enjoy an anime that would attempt to focus on dark-comedy. Migi & Dali is definitely a unique attempt of trying a new concept for comedy and they actually pulled it off, you would just have to see it for yourself to see what I mean. The animation was very clean, flawless voice-acting, and it's funny without even trying. Usually, a show like this where you cannot predict what is going to happen next is usually good. I would recommend it to a friend who watches anime regularly or for someone who watches a decent amount of anime, but definitely not to ...
91 Days is, at its core, a story about revenge, satisfaction, and if revenge brings satisfaction. A very thought-provoking show that does an excellent job of slowly blurring the lines between victim and villain.. . Our story takes place in the "Prohibition Era" of American history. A period from 1920 to 1933 when the production and sale of alcoholic beverages were illegal. Of course, this just led to an increase in organized crime and illegally made alcohol. This story is closely tied to one of these "crime families".. . Our main protagonist is Angelo. A young man who grew up in the town of Lawless, Illinois. A town ruled ...
It's a very creative parody anime. The mc is just a man born without magic power in a magic world. Since he does not have magic, he improves his muscles to such a degree, he's able to do things that look like magic, and face incredible spells. Does not matter if you send a tsunami against him, he'll just do a punch or something and send water to space if needs to.. . The way he handles against different types of magic, test and so on is very creative and absurd. Since it's a parody, it's fun to see the op mc do weird stuff. All the ...
Prepare yourselves for the comedic whirlwind that is One Punch Man! This anime packs a punchline so potent, it'll leave you rolling on the floor with laughter faster than Saitama dispatches villains!. . When I first stumbled upon this anime, I must admit, I was caught off guard by its premise. An MC who lays waste to adversaries with but a single blow seemed like a recipe for a snoozefest. But oh, how wrong I was! One Punch Man delivers punchlines so hard-hitting, they'll knock your socks off faster than Saitama can say, "OK!". . In a world brimming with slapstick isekai shenanigans, One Punch Man rises above the ...
tl;dr: A straightforward and simplistic shota x college girls ecchi harem anime.. . This anime is a take on the tried and true ecchi harem formula of a guy for some reason living in a dorm otherwise occupied entirely by girls. The only real twist on that in this is that the protagonist, Koushi, is a middle schooler. The circumstances for why he’s doing so is explained but doesn’t really matter. All that matters is that a mature for his age middle school boy is serving as the caretaker for a dorm full of especially eccentric college girls. And while I do say that he’s mature for ...
I loved this show so much. I finally gave in and watched this series after seening all the memes. What an excellent anime to end the year of 2022. The characters are all great. My personal favorite was the drunk girl. Still I have no idea what her name is and was to lazy to look it up so I call her "Miss Beer and Clogs." The comedy was fun and refreshing. The story was nice and simple. The music was great. Both the opening and the endings all were bangers. If you havent seen this series. I highly recommend it.
I loved this series when it first aired. An amazing start to the 2022 season. Stunning animation and amazing voice work. All the characters are likable... accept for the little turd Sajuna. She a little annoying when shes first introduced and is slightly better by the animes end. I really like Gojo, hes very relatable as someone who has lost friends over interests or hobbies I respect him for keeping his passion. The story is pretty good, better than alot of romance Ive seen over the series. I highly recommend given this series a try its pure gold, cant wait for Season 2
What the hell? Where did this anime come from? This is the sleeper anime of the year for me. I would describe this anime as "if Slime isekai merged with Shield Hero and Konosuba + good writing".. . After binging season 1, I can say season 2 is starting out as an absolute banger. Ep. 1 is a slight recap but not a wasted episode at all). Season 1 built up the world and story and now, Season 2 is the payoff of all that. Season 2 starts the arc of Makoto in Rostgard to learn magic, but it also starts delving into the other heroes ...
Ghost Hunt is a recommended watch for those interested in horror or mysteries. Despite not being the most terrifying, it offers immersive stories with a subdued form of horror suitable for a wide audience. The episodic narrative features multiple cases, but reservations include a stereotypical female lead and occasionally predictable culprits. However, these issues don't diminish the overall enjoyment. The animation quality, typical for mid to late 2000s anime, aligns well with the story. The sound, particularly the opening song, enhances the experience. Character ratings are impacted by poorly executed female characters, but the male lead, Monk, and Priestess add balance. Ghost Hunt is accessible ...
I almost missed this gem because the art and promotional images on anime sites made this look rather meh. I was very happy to be wrong about it. It's a very well-handled romance, and in particular it doesn't fall into the trap of being ambiguous about the main character's sexuality. Rae is gay and she knows it. The show handles this with remarkable accuracy and sensitivity, touching upon what a person in her situation might actually feel. The fact that it is also an otome isekai with a secret villainess route feels like an afterthought. The MC feels that ...
I loved this anime just as much as I hate my mother, so I'm giving it a full 10/10. No, I'm not out of my mind - the real madness is that this masterpiece, this absolute unit, this groundbreaking work of art, is rated only 5.5/10. Mommy issues, perhaps?. . Mamako is adorable - she's the M.I.L.F. everyone needs but that we don't deserve; in particular, the M.I.L.F. the MC doesn't deserve. He will never see the truth, unfortunately. She's hot, she's fun, she's genuine, she's hot, she's resourceful, she's kind, she's hot, she's a bit naive and air-headed at times, I will admit this much, but ...
Well after balling my eyes out I give this anime a 10/10. Don't listen to critics this is far more then just a normal anime! Everything about this heart warming hitman anime was good. Made me smile alot then ripped my heart out of my chest and stomped on it til there's nothing left. YES IN A POSITIVE WAY! ANIME HITS DIFFERENT FR.. (WATCH THIS ANIME). . Tbh I ignored this anime for time and now I regret that. I should have watched this when it first came out! (ITS NOT SPY X FAMILY). This anime will forever live on in my memories.
I'm not usually a big fan of Satire or Parody themed shows in general, but I kept an open mind since this is so popular. To be completely honest, I pretty much hated the show for almost the entire time I watched it. I was set to rate it a 5 until we got to episode 10, then the ending and development/twists created from that changed my entire perspective on the show and bumped it up to an 8 for me. I have never changed my opinion on a show upwards more than one point before after reaching 3/4th episode, much less 3 whole points. ...
My only anime review for an artist displaying a full fiction metaphor adaptation of what it means to leave arrogance behind and getting level capped and then forced to work with idiots to trace that arrogance alongside just enough to complete the goal of whom phased off their arrogant nature. Probably their neighborhood God or something the cat dragged in.. . Enjoy the anime for what it is, good entertainment; appreciate the writer for how their messages are conveyed.. . I watched this show so much that an example of how much you'll like this show is you'll be cruising through, you discover some backgrounds to the characters casted ...
I decided to write this review because after rewatching some of the episodes again, it made me remember how much I loved this anime. It such a beautiful romance/drama and I think its one of my favorites and its hard to beat it. I wasn't expecting much when I watched it, but I was completely wrong. Its a very beautiful story and the ending makes me warm inside. I'm super excited for season 2 which should be airing sometime in 2024! Can't wait.. . Music- 10/10. Can't beat it, one of my favorite OPs and ending songs.. Animation- 8/10 only because I think a majority of the scenes ...
Cowboy Bebop is the coolest show you'll ever watch. Between the wide variety of music that you'll be hard pressed to find in any modern show, the hidden complexities the cast of characters slowly show us, and a healthy dose of punchy action scenes that never carry on for longer than it needs to, you should always be able to have (at least) one moment in each episode where you can't help but smile. Granted, it's not a modern day masterpiece; the show clearly displays it's age, and the episodic nature can dissuade people from getting attached. But if you are willing to stick with ...
Note: This is a rewrite of a review that I posted back on the 31st of January 2016. I am writing this because I recently rewatched the series and decided to update the review.. . Overview:. Ask any Western anime fan what anime you should watch. Chances are, one of the titles they'll mention is "Trigun". While practically unheard of in its native country of Japan, "Trigun" is ridiculously popular in America and other Western-speaking countries, and for good reason. It may not quite fit my idea of a masterpiece, and certain parts of it have definitely not aged all that well, but overall it more than earns ...
Probably my first and only time writing a review of an anime , but i feel solo leveling deserves this .... For any manhwa reader's saying that the anime is not adapted correctly , i would highly disagree so far 4 episodes are out and without any spoilers i would like to comment that the animation was absolutely fabulous A-1 picture did a phenomenal job with it.. . Animation 8/10 : Once again its still too early to rate the animation but as far as i have seen from episode 4 assuming that to be the peak of their animation it is still a solid 8/10 , ...
Best of the SEED series by far.. . This movie made me really like the SEED franchise.. The first SEED was too similar to the original Gundam for my taste. SEED Destiny felt like an improvement, until it turned the protagonist into the villain. SEED Freedom does not have any of these problems.. . Story:. The story is simple but it does its job. Kira and Lacus are the heroes in the end, but they are neither annoying nor preachy. They managed to introduce powerful, worthy villains in a natural way.. . Characters:. This is where SEED Freedom shines. I felt that Kira was not relatable and Lacus was preachy in ...
Best of the SEED series by far.. . This movie made me really like the SEED franchise.. The first SEED was too similar to the original Gundam for my taste. SEED Destiny felt like an improvement, until it turned the protagonist into the villain. SEED Freedom does not have any of these problems.. . Story:. The story is simple but it does its job. Kira and Lacus are the heroes in the end, but they are neither annoying nor preachy. They managed to introduce powerful, worthy villains in a natural way.. . Characters:. This is where SEED Freedom shines. I felt that Kira was not relatable and Lacus was preachy in ...
This aint no Cardcaptor nor Madoka. This is borderline smut. Aint complaining tho.. . Mahou Shoujo ni Akogarete is a risque comedy show with the aesthetics of the typical magical girl genre which has been deliberately deconstructed and reconstructed for the past decade already. Some good, some awesome, some deplorable, some mediocre, and this one I would say sits above the median line. While there's the typical glossiness expected to most anime today, the artstyle is quite striking, namely with the main villainess role of Utena whose costume was midway between sexy and silly but memorable. This review is written three episodes in but it already ...
The negativity from manga enthusiasts is discouraging potential new viewers interested in the anime. Not everyone wishes to delve into the manga guys, so let's refrain from discouraging others from watching this anime or even the 3 movies before this one. As an anime viewer myself, I genuinely appreciate the graphics; there doesn't seem to be any issues here unless you are being extremely picky. Some might be overly critical; in my opinion, the story and animation are fantastic, providing even more excitement than the 1997 version. For those not bound by strict manga preferences, this adaptation is perfectly acceptable and quite enjoyable.
Cyberpunk: Edgerunners is probably one of the rare game adaptations that do justice to the original game, or at least the ideas behind the game (because we all know how bad the game was on release). The show manages to tell a coherent story of "edgerunners" in Night City, none of which existed as characters in the original game. To sum Night City up perfectly, using a quote from the show - “There ain’t no one in this world you can trust more than yourself”.. . Night City is a desolate cyberscape, a sprawling metropolis, one filled mostly with selfish people, people who would, if push came ...
Logic, wit, trust and betrayal are the core theme of Death Note. The story is about the life journey of Yagami Light, a young man who obtains a book known as the Death Note. The book allows him to kill anyone whose name he writes in it. Light then decides to use this power to do away with evil in the world and starts a quest for justice.. . The story is rather complicated and poses numerous questions related to the ethics and morality. It questions if absolute justice is always the right thing, and it does not avoid hard topics. It addresses several themes and weaves ...
It is a certified classic, sports anime from the 90s and is enjoyable to watch all throughout, even to this day and age in my opinion. My only complaint is that after Season 1 it didn't had any continuation. Which is a shame because, it had an underlying potential for a longer run.. . Animation (6/10) - Honestly speaking, its animation was alright for its time. But on this day and age with anime series like as Demon Slayer, One Punch Man and Jujutsu Kaisen; It's more than seemingly that it doesn't stand the tests of time. A lot of recycled frames and still image used. But ...
This anime is one of my absolute favorites (top 25 of all time).On the surface franxx is a post apocalyptic story about children teaming up in male/female pairings in mechas to fight ever changing robotic animal/humaniod/construct like creatures. Its got heavy influences from anime like neon genesis and gurren lagann with a bit of the promised neverland mixed in. and as with all those animes, there's much more to it than whats on the surface. Franxx touches on intimacy, identity, compatibility, love(a lost and forgotten concept in the series), puberty, the importance of the roles men and women play in our different relationships with each ...
Alright, Hotaru no Haka? Get that out of there (partially joking - it’s still a good film, just not to this level of impact in my opinion). THIS is the WWII anime film I am recommending to people alongside Hadashi no Gen - more specifically, if I’m ever trying to convey the incendiary bombings through this form of media, you can bet that Futatsu no Kurumi is my new go-to.. . Now, I’ve been on a bit of a hunt for these extremely niche second world war anime films (I have watched 21 so far), and I can say for certain that this beats out everything except ...
I had to finally leave a comment on MAL to counter some disinformation. You don't need to be a fan of SMT to enjoy this, and it is actually a very unique and fun OVA. It's full of atmosphere and many of the visuals are powerful and carry a lot of weight to them. The confusing elements of the plot just leads to it feeling more abstract, which allows it to get away with any 'inconsistencies' that other viewers might locate.. Highly recommended for fans of 80s horror OVA. This certainly has an interesting feeling to it, and while I understand that fans of SMT might ...
"If grandma hadn't let grandpa win that race, we wouldn't be here. Small things like that add up, into something greater than ourselves.". . The movie shows the point of view of the children in a small house that have some secrets. As the movie progresses, the gorgeous art animation do a excellent job to maintain the attention of the spectator, a garden house tree keeps the connection between the past and the future. Kun meets his future young sister and learns the importance of every stories that happens to the people and family, the responsibility to live every moment. Mirai is the kind of a movie ...
PEAK. Imagine a story with complex characters, deep themes, astonishing world building, a thrilling plot, compelling dialogue, sensational moments, perfect ending and the best main character ever written. Iv watched so many anime and been exposed to so many ideas but to me, I consider Code Geass the best of all time. As rare as it is in anime. This show really has the PERFECT ending. The main character is better than Eren, and Light yagami, because it takes some of the best parts and mixes them. The MC really has so much written into them. Although not all of it was able to be ...
I'm just gonna be honest. Anime (9.6 so I gave it a 10). Has Good Animation, Story, and keeps you entertained through all eps. Makes you sad and happy and gives alot of action. It's a (hidden Gem). I think those who rate anime now these days throw shade cause it's not big 3 material.. (Don't listen to everyones reviews not even mine) WATCH THE ANIME FOR YOURSELF. ----------------------------------------------. THAT BEING SAID BIAS OPINION THIS ANIME IS EPIC AND HAD ME EXCITED AND BROKEN AT THE SAME TIME!. LOVE IT NEED MORE ANIME LIKE THIS. . SORRY TO THE PEOPLE WHO DONT GET THE FAN SERVICE. P.S FAN SERVICE RUINS ANIME. ...
The first seasons of this show will always be some the best stuff I’ve ever consumed in my life. Since it was my first ever anime the story was unique to what I usually watched. I loved the whole ninja set up and the dynamic between naruto and sasuke. I think the art style is perfect. The characters were amazing and all of them having different beliefs. That sasuke retrieval arc was amazing… THAT WHOLE GROUP WAS STANDING ON BUSINESSSS.. The characters all react to different situations in a different way but that’s what makes it amazing… Now talking about Naruto himself, a lot of ...
Very funny anime, I burst out laughing during the whole show with my friend, definitely recommended!!. Main character is like an AI generated person, the girl is happy even though bad things are happening to her, there are missing plots at the end which is like huh? aren't you gonna explain what happened ??. Only reason I watched this was because I needed something to cry but this didn't do it for guess I couldn't really relate or understand it I don't know. I would still give it a 7 because it was more enjoyable than most dumb romantic drama shows though I wish it was more ...
As I have been slowly delving deeper in the realms of anime and manga, one of the things that has always perplexed me is the existence of the Cute Girls Doing Cute Things sub-genre (I refuse to use that stupid acronym). I am honestly confused how something like this gets so popular, it kind of worries me about people. To each their own I guess but the vast majority of those have very little merit in my eyes and are very boring and formulaic. Thankfully, sometimes a trailblazer comes by that is neither of those things and creates something truly unique. That is what Bocchi ...
Going into this I knew the name, but I never heard what the anime is actually about, so I went fully blind. And honestly, this was the best surprise of my life. Especially since this is an original work, not based on any previously existing media.. . Story. Premise: 7/10. After death, souls go into a purgatory of sorts, where they are judged based on their life and personality. The purgatory setting isn't a new idea, however the execution of it here is very original, what with the slow coming back of the memories and the games.. . Execution: 9/10. I was fully prepared for Death Parade to be just a bunch ...
Great anime that takes you on a ride (ha, get it) of emotions, I personally do not like romance or sad anime's but this one made me actually shed a tear, I highly recommend it, it is not for the feint of heart though. It is beautifully written as well as drawn, the visuals compared to most anime's is astonishingly better and easier to the eye. The storyline does keep you interested throughout the whole movie, as someone that has a hard time focussing on one thing for an extended period of time this was very relaxing and easy to follow all whilst keeping my ...
Spoiler-free review.. Migi and Dali is a very unique show. I was hesitant to watch it, but once I started I realized that it was a masterpiece.. The show taps into a very unique genre: uncanny comedy. The show seems like something of a cross between Sakatomoto and something by Junji Ito, which kind of makes sense since it's written by the author of Sakamoto (which I also highly recommend.). It also has substantial elements of mystery and suspense which eventually supersede the comedy as the story develops, and it does have some very dark moments, but the comedy never completely disappears.. I don't think there's any point in ...
to the people ho ar writing bad reviews, grow some brain cells, the complaints are all the same he bullied someone he should never be for forgiven he only cares when he start getting bullied, he doesn't understand he was a shit dud before he gets bullied that's the F points he then under stans he didn't just have som joke and laugh but made someone's life a living hell, after years of hating himself for what he done he tries to take his life, then the story starts to explore the concept of finding the light in your after having none
I think this is one of the best anime i have watched till now as sometime the witty way the character back story was conveyed is one of the examples, it's deep but not everyone can get that.. . I like to watched the anime which MCs are not mess and loud so this is the enjoyable anime for me, some of the characters could get more screen time.. . The nature of the anime is good and can sometimes relate to the viewers. If you are looking for the Slice of life genre, you should give it a go. I like the way the anime is presented. Although ...
I can't this is amazing *sob*. . I literally just got finished with the last episode and what an ending it was!!. . But the entire thing was just awesome, it came recommended to me by someone I just recently met and who I was kind of trying to impress by watching their faveourite shows but I never expected it to be such a Banger.. . As everything Studio Madhouse thouches the story and Characters are supperb and even though you would think opening half the episodes the same way just with different characters would get dull it was the fastest 4 hours went by for ever ^^. . . Also this opening is ...
Ended up being way better than expected after seeing the mostly negative reception to this. I guess the movie just knew how to get to me emotionally while still trying to put some effort in its story.. . I understand that the plot can be hard to follow and how the logic makes sense in its setting, but this like a Your Name thing where it does prioritize evoking strong emotions over trying to succeed in its seemingly complex storyline.. . What really made this work for me is its how effective it managed to pull off that youthful angst that I keep craving for every time. It's cheesily ...
well was not a bad journey it just sadly being a movie causes some problems this should of been a series or at the least a ova separated in a couple episodes.. . story 7. i honestly liked the story while simple has the making if a epic space journey that many know and love. this has about three different places all interesting. it kind of reminds be a bit of galaxy express were each new place has something interesting and really draws you in to learning details on what is happening. the issue as a movie there is a main issue the gets loosely connected to ...
Haikyuu!! To The Top once again takes a calmer start as s2 did, giving both us and team Karasuno some much needed time to catch our breath after the adrenaline overloading match vs Shiratorizawa. . This time the calming pace serves to focus on the more introspective side of the characters. The maturing thought process is not only shown as the great evolution it is however, we also get to learn alongside the characters the fine line between introspection and overthinking. . The one thing i wasn't a big fan of this season was the change in animation style, i much prefered the aesthetic of previous seasons and felt they ...
Hajime no ippo is the Spokkon formula done right, or I'd rather say done best.. . There are many great sports anime that escaoe the shounen/spokkon formula like Ashita no Joe or many others that try to deconstruct it like Ping Pong the animation or Blue lock with great results. As well, there are other good ones following this structure without that many twists (Haikyuu, Kuroko no Basket...) but they usually tend to fall flat on certain aspects as the series go by, wasted supporting characters forgotten or reduced to gag characters, excessive focus on the main protagonists, and the infamous friendship boosts and plot armor.. . However ...
As someone who went into this anime with very little expectations, I must say that I was returned wanting for more.. . The concept is promising, the idea of developing telepathy through sheer lack of sexual experiences is absurd but refreshingly funny. Admittedly, the anime doesn't exactly delve into the realistic positives of it but rather uses it as a plot device that helps us understand the perspective of the people who aren't the narrating main character. More specifically, telepathy in this show is mainly used to show Kurasaki's unrequited love for Adachi. Some may think of this as a cop-out since it avoids the more ...
I think this might one one of the few villianess shows that breaks the mold enough to recommend to people outside of the subgenre.. . Regarding out protagonist, Pride. She is being terrified of turning into everything she hates. Early on its clear she has nightmares about what her 'character' will do, but unlike most other shows of this kind she really believes she's fated to bring tragedy to the kingdom and people she loves. Large chunks of the show are her setting up ways and means to protect people against her. It's an interesting twist and creates a number of flaws in her character. Personally ...
"A Refreshing Take on Isekai Comedy". . Isekai anime has become a massive genre with its fair share of both good and bad series. "Tsuki ga Michibiku Isekai Douchuu" stands out as a rare gem that parodies the genre while delivering an entertaining and unique experience. As someone who has watched the anime, I wholeheartedly agree with this sentiment.. . The show immediately sets itself apart from the typical isekai fare by introducing us to Makoto Misumi, a protagonist who breaks all the conventions of an overpowered hero. Makoto is far from the handsome, invincible heroes we often encounter. Instead, he's ridiculed and banished to a remote land for ...
I really wish MAL had a .5 rating, I am very torn between 9 and 10 for this show, especially the last few episodes really made me lean towards a 10. This show is great from the beginning and only sets itself up for an amazing ending that is such a rollercoaster and had me hooked the entire time I watched it, the cast is great with each character all having their unique characteristics and the music is really good, like REALLY good. Really excited to go into season 2 after the peak that is eps 11,12 and 13. Easy recommend if you enjoy good ...
Sometimes I get the impression that 50% of viewers don't understand the plot of Oshi no ko and think it's an investigative anime. A bit like some Vinland saga fans who thought the main plot was Thorfinn's revenge, but it's something much deeper. Here, in the case of Oshi no ko, it's about exposing the dark side of the entertainment industry, which makes it a remarkable work. In s1 alone, we tackled more than 5 different subjects, the reality of idols, the pitfalls of recruitment agencies, the problems of child stars, the fact that producers manipulate reality TV images to make people believe what isn't ...
Thighs! specifically in this case Hokkaidian thighs, yo what can I say that hasn't been said, let me just crack open the archives real quick: from the great Rias Gremory (royalty in the thigh world), the undefeated Queen of degeneracy Inukai san (we don't deserve dogs), Hakari Hanazono (rumor has it it took a modified tv to draw her wide ass thighs) and Mie from "Suki na Ko ga Megane wo Wasureta", I know watchu thinking and before you call the FBI her inclusion here is sorely for that camera work, you don't believe me, go do a double take, the camera angles in that ...
If Scums Wish and Domestic Girlfriend had a child.. . I think this anime is a pioneer in the field of seinen and slice of life, two genres which are my favourite. I recommend this to anyone who likes either of this genre along with romance.. . The anime might feel a little childish at first but this anime gives off the vibe of Blue Period while merging into the romance genre, the show is slow in dialogue but its actually very crammed into 12 episode and a lot of emotions and stories are conveyed in as little time as possible. The main takeaway from this anime ...
Man sure for series so good why did they use CGI USArmy like that .. Many people dropped it because of that . Also storyline is slow in the beginning.. But everything start making sense after 3 episodes.. This anime have many situation comedy moments so, slow pacing made it more effective.. . Most unique anime Action-Comedy i ever seen.. Viewship of this anime is super low. So, S2 is just a dream.. But after completing anime with the shock i read manga Few days ago.. . Anime take a interesting angel by mixing matching timeline that make this anime more enjoyable after 3-4 Episode. Bc more plot points got explain and ...
This season is much better than the second, but the chance of season 4 continuing on that thread seems slim.. . Season 3 does a great job of introducing new characters, adding interesting context and lore to the show, and has great animations and memorable fights. However, it still falls into some trappings of the previous seasons, has a few groan worthy cliches, and it can’t quite shake the feeling that all of this is leading to nowhere.. . The end of the season effectively takes Bell back to the status quo from the start of the season, and there’s little reason to think season 4 will ...
As a jaded anime fan, I haven't watched current anime in a couple years but this is a breath of fresh air. Apart from the obvious RPG class tropes, this isn't an isekai, just pure fantasy again. There is no fan service, no skimpy outfits, not every character is highschool aged, the cast isn't majority female, the dwarf actually looks like a dwarf, the female orcs actually look like beastly female orcs and not just sexy girls with green skin, the main heroine isn't waifu bait, and none of the characters are (overly) stupid. Although to be fair, I haven't watched Frieren yet, people tell ...
People really like to shit on this show but it is actually one of my favorite SHAFT animes. This probably just has to do with my personal sense of humor, but I find huge cartoonish nosebleeds, sadism, and comical degeneracy to be hilarious. This really is just weird SHAFT humor at its peak IMO; the grotesque excess of the bizarre parody that this show is is really the entire point. I can understand why someone would find it offputting but again the kind of over-the-top, absurd humor that this show employs is right up my alley. It is also decked out with many classic VAs ...
I do not think I have seen another animated narrative as tightly polished and well executed as this one. It manages to address so many important and relatable themes such as the joy of competition and the disappointment of failure, and it does it all in just 11 episodes that are packed so full of thematic weight and good writing that I think it is nigh untouchable in terms of overall construction. The animation is inventive and wonderful. There is no use of janky, fake CGI that would otherwise break immersion. This is a REAL fucking anime, not kiddy bullshit, and it shows in every ...
Boku no Kokoro no Yabai Yatsu is a show I had low expectations going into. It's a show I thought I would never enjoy, one I thought would be filled with lame tropes and be over the top and stupid, one I thought would be forgettable and pointless but oh BOY how wrong I was. I was absolutely blown away at how everything played out, frankly I was shocked at how good this was, how well written and wholesome it was and just how much I'd become invested in these characters and their story.. . Something that stood out to me was the realistic approach this anime ...
Despite not reaching the peaks of greatness of the first season, this second season of Hajime no Ippo still remains excellent in many ways. Something was missing to make it truly special but, unlike many other second seasons of other anime, it remains at great levels throughout its duration and leaves you with a great desire to dive straight into the third season.. . The story, despite the usual clichés, remains at excellent levels with a more direct and rapid narrative that flows very well.. . The characters remain the strong point of the anime: those introduced in this second season leave their mark and the arcs of the ...
a very fun watch when you're high as shit. just kidding !! kinda. this is honestly very fun and cute and u can tell the creators just made it to have fun. the chuck as mario skit was adorable and i wish we saw more of that:( the garterbelt in the bathtub skit was really funny at the end when he realizes what the hell he's doing. My favorite has to be the last one though, so over-the-top and stupid. Just like what this anime is really. Just stupid fun. :) My least favorite one would have to be the zombie panty one, i honestly ...
Currently, this is my number anime because I can see great potential in it. Hopefully, With the next coming episodes, shit hits the fan and the plot will get interesting. As of now, it's just a pure comedy with some interesting action scenes.. . I don't know how to write a review, but I'm telling you right now that this anime is absolutely great, and I don't why it has a low rating (7.5 as of Jan 29). . Believe it or not, I'm actually counting the hours for the next episode. This is how excited I am for this anime.. . Highly recommend it. Don't listen to others ...
I originally bounced off this anime after a few episodes but when I heard there was second season I thought about it again and came back. The story isn't really immediately obvious and you are kind of figuring it out along with the main character. Once you get an idea of the story it is telling and we learn more you can look back and appreciate how events influenced each other and the MC. The main character starts out childish but getting to see how they grow is a central component of the story and I think it is done well. I also enjoy that ...
Production quality is pretty good. Good animation. Cool battles. Art is great. Cyberpunkish story with still unknown quality, so far plot is all over the place. But it does function enough to keep things going.. . Intro in the world is very good and dark. After first episode tone become more light, but world with omnipresent robot(?) slaves have its limits on that thing. From the start it is shown that those robots have intellect on par with humans, no rights and very short leash. Seems like that intellect level depend on amount of years lived, so they kinda grow up with time?. . Thought it is still unclear ...
To start, I got a lot of enjoyment out of this season and I usually do with this series even if I complain. I've started episodes and then finished them an hour and a half later so I'd have to set aside time to watch it. Why, you might ask, is because at every turning point I'd have to pause it and commentate because I just had so much to say about everything and how invested I was getting. I'd feel cringe, I'd feel mad, sad, happy, I'd get up and jump for joy or stomp in anger. I probably sound like a lunatic but ...
If you guys are not sure what this is, this is just a chibi anime of A Sign of Affection. Each episode are short 1 to 2 minute skits, that have fun and wholesome character interactions. In the first episode, Itsuomi is catching up with his friends from abroad and giving them drinks and snacks. In episode 2, Rin and Yuki talk about what the feeling of "love" really feels like. In episode 3, Itsuomi practices his sign language while breaking his laundry machine. Overall these skits are a fun way to pass the time. If you are a fan of A Sign of Affection ...
Black Lagoon, consisting of two seasons, does not follow the usual plot structures and presents concepts like Revvy’s dilemma with her past interwoven to Rock’s in a series of mini arcs. It weaves overarching themes into every arc.. . Far from being monotonous, it is downright exhilarating! The palpable tension between Revvy and Rock had me eagerly urging for a decisive moment. It's a testament to the anime's quality when it leaves you yearning for more.. . This show’s distinguishing feature is its bold move away from the usual portrayal of Japan’s environment. I commend the series for its well built atmosphere, and it does not disappoint. The last ...
I thought this was hilarious when I was a child. I remember being on the floor it was so entertaining! Watching it today at 28, not so much. It was still fun and a couple moments had me laughing. There’s not a lot of animation either. Lots of stills and Nina is a bit much. The change in personality isn’t as entertaining from innocent and loving to extreme tsun beating up on Zero. Mostly, it’s just cartoony. I watched the whole series over a decade ago, but for this review, I only watched ep1. I usually don’t write reviews, but I thought I would this ...
It's beautiful, very animated, intelligent and complex. The constant action scenes are a highlight, since the computer graphics do not clash, to the point of raising doubts as to whether they are actually being used. Furthermore, the action scenes stand out for being detailed, having consistency and above-average fluidity. Another positive aspect of the work are the various themes it addresses, such as: the role of machines, the fragility of life, eternity, freedom, and the protagonist fighting against things that should be in her interests.. . However, it is likely that the anime will not please everyone, as it only features female protagonists performing typical male activities. ...
This is a very good start. It’s not exactly breaking the mold with its characters, and it’s still missing significant details regarding their motivations and backgrounds with a couple of exceptions (this has mainly been the Kageyama show so far) but it’s a series that understands what it’s selling: getting you hyped for some volleyball with a bunch of high schoolers. And yeah, it looks great, the movements are fluid and dynamic, and each point feels well and truly earned.. . But that doesn’t really distinguish this series from other sports dramas. I’d say it manages that in two aspects: team dynamics and how setbacks affect the ...
Beyblade is one of the best cartoons I watched as a child, then I didn't know it was an anime.. . In my memories, this series is amazing and I want it to stay that way, so I won't rewatch it, but from what I see from the ratings, I think most people have different feelings or they are adults who have unknown expectations when it comes to anime and fairy tales for children xD. . Looking at what's currently on Cartoon Network, you can appreciate a series like Beyblade even more, it contains everything that a 10-12-year-old me could dream of.. . Exciting clashes of spinning metal ...
STORY (7/10). It explores the concept of correcting our biggest mistakes in life, something that most people think of. The protagonist has only one chance to make his life better and avoid some future tragic events. It's developed interestingly. There's a magical concept that is crucial to the story that is not well explained though, this may concern some viewers. The mystery is kind of predictable, but the way that is presented is not boring at all. The ending is sadly disappointing.. . ART (8/10). The art style is pretty common, but the character design is unique. Because of its composition, some frames are works of art. The animation ...
This has to be the greatest stroke of genius that ever saw the light of day.. . The comedy and the meshing together of genres is made masterfully. I have never seen such perfection.. This show subverses any expectations you could ever have. Nobody can predict anything in this show.. The dialogue is absolutely off the charts. The innuendos are many and great.. . The outro merges the perfection of the male body with the elegance of true culture.. . . Who ever conceived this idea needs to be protected and cherished. Whichever board of directors agreed to the script shall be deemed incredibly based.. ...
this anime is quite literally, a masterpiece. or at least the 1st season (we don't talk about the sequel). with an amazing banger of an opening, The Promised Neverland is a story of how you can always see the light in the dark, keep racing your dreams, and have hope that you can always reach the unreachable. It is a story of beray, trauma, love, and quite a lot of emotional (and physical) pain. It's a story about 3 orphans, Emma, Norman, and Ray. these 3 orphans are close friends, yet so different. emma is the carefree naive one. ray is the one who always ...
Rascal Does Not Dream Of Bunny Girl Senpai is nothing short of a masterpiece when it comes to romance anime. It doesn't give off a monotonous vibe like other romance animes do with excessive fan service, a copy-paste main character, and other classic traits that aren't enjoyable for the viewer. It has a story that's able to pull in viewers extremely easily, episode by episode and it feels like there is always incentive to go on to the next. The characters themselves are easy to get attached to and maybe even enough to feel some sort of emotions towards the challenges they're facing. As for ...
What can I say about this anime .... it's a harem first of all with some differences that the "normal" ones! The thing is, usually people would cringe at those and this anime is no different, yet it keeps you glued waiting to see what's gonna happen!. . The MC is this brutally honest guy who doesn't like to hold back and not speak about how he feels and what he thinks. All the girls have different personalities and backgrounds so it's really interesting to see all the interactions that happen through the anime! There are some twists, some predictable moments as well, but overall it's a ...
Jin-Roh is a movie best known for its art design. The beautifully animated shootout scenes have made their way into many a YouTube edit and the iconic armor design has laid the foundation for the modern 'technofascist' aesthetic. You can see it referenced in countless works, with the most obvious examples being Killzone and the modern Wolfenstein games. The design has been so influential that it has completely overshadowed the rest of the movie. I have personally recommended Jin-Roh to several of my friends and while none of them had ever heard about it, most of them recognized the armor. This, combined with the very ...
This is a great movie. I did not expect myself to cry. It had a good story. The pacing could throw you off, but its message was incredible. Finding each other's treasures among themselves was a nice touch. I was hoping that Drop was fleshed out more as a character. You pick up things along the way which are apparent. This could've done much better if it had been in an episodal format. In terms of visuals, it's great. The way it captured the setting around them was beautiful.. . The ending sequence was a great callback for the characters. I watched this ...
Once in a while, a show comes about that is absurd enough to not take itself seriously. The Millionaire Detective - Balance:UNLIMITED is NOT one of those shows. It constantly treads the line of being absurdist and beinig realistic, and almost never fails to entertain the viewer. Where else would you find a bunch of old-aged ladies being held hostage pushing through their situation with the will to send off their favourite idol group, and trampling policemen to rush to the slightest hint of said idols appearing? Yeah, this is a fun show.. . A lot of the technology used in the show, mostly what HEUSC manages ...
Honestly, if you like romance and yakuza, and you are not too hung up on the art/animation style then you will probably like this anime. If you've read Yakuza Lover or Yakuzas fiance then you'll like this.. . The animation was weird most of the times, the facial expressions were very little expressive, especially the eyes... They were lifeless. The reactions were weird and the timing was even weirder. BUT overall, I enjoyed the story. I was so immersed in their romance and I'm a big sucker for handsome overprotective kinda toxic Yakuza men.. . Yes, I am aware of their age gap. But this is anime. ...
"Akanesasu Shoujo," is an anime that treads a fine line between the ordinary and the extraordinary, offering a story that is decent. As a viewer, I found myself wishing for a deeper dive into the main storyline. There's a sense that the creators had more to tell, and a bit more revelation could have added that extra layer of intrigue the series seems to be reaching for.. . Where the anime shines, however, is in its battle animations. Going into it, I didn't have high expectations in this department, but I was pleasantly surprised. The fluidity and dynamism of the combat scenes are a visual treat, showcasing ...
The writing, animation and music are top tier. It is executed so beautifully. It will make you feel joy and sadness. It will make you appreciate the precious time you have with those you love. I cannot think of another anime that excels as highly in all aspects. It’s easily one of the greatest anime ever made. The individuals who made this anime deserve a tremendous amount of praise because the end product is simply awe-inspiring.. . The setting is familiar to lovers of fantasy, but the main protagonist (Frieren) is unique. Her backstory is interesting and the plot that unfolds is exciting. This is a story ...
This arc isn't long but man it is brutal and shows how much of a savage Huan Yi really is, Fei Xin Force really was sent to the most dangerous frontline, and is in quite challenging confrontation with Zhao forces. Hiroyuki Sawano and Kohta Yamamoto are working on the soundtrack here, OP and ED are really good, and art style really progressed over the years. Kingdom is in my top 3 anime list and if you survive first season poor animation and focus on story and characters you are here for a treat. Each season is a constant progress of animation, lorebuilding, characters development. Each ...
Life is not a movie, and we are not the main characters.. Such is the premise of Welcome to the NHK!. . Satou Tatsuhiro is a mentally ill NEET/Hikikomori whose life is going nowhere. If a psychiatrist was to diagnose him throughout the story we would probably hear terms like Paranoid Schizophrenia, panic disorder, depression and addiction.. To say this guy is socially maladjusted would be too charitable.. Satou is not a functioning human being, and neither is he a very moral or likeable character. He repeatedly betrays the trust of people around him and fails even at what most of us would see as simple tasks. He does ...
First and foremost I want to say that due to there being only three types of reviews - 1. Recommended, 2. Mixed Feelings and 3. Not Recommended, I was forced to set my review as "Recommended", when in fact it's sitting between "Recommended" and "Mixed Feelings".. . I will get straight to the point, the characters are interesting and well developed, the story is also interesting, but the problem is the pacing and the cadence of events. What I've noticed about more popular and mainstream animes is that they get you involved into it from the start, whereas, the exposé in Heat Guy J literally takes about ...
North Korea simulator 3000-. . In all seriousness, this was a perfectly good bit of anti-war animation, jelling well with the general notion I often see in Japanese media surrounding the overall concept of international conflict.. . (Message / Story: 7/10). It’s quite on-the-nose, although a sentence referring to ‘otona’ (adults) towards the end implies that this was intended for children to watch, so I’ll let that slide I suppose. It’s pretty obvious to anyone who knows the history that (minus the cameras), the scenarios described here are nearly a 1:1 mirror of what happened within imperial Japan, so I will at least award them with points for accuracy.. . (Animation ...
Really good show, I really enjoyed watching it.. Each episode of this show is pretty much a different story and most of them are really good. You get introduced to new characters each time and new everything. The main character Kino is a traveller, and as the name suggest travels around to different countries on her talking motorrad named Hermes.. My favorite episode was probably the one where you get to learn about Kino's backstory and how she became who she is now, and I really enjoyed that.. I can say that there is not a bad episode in this show, I would say it is a ...
It's been a full decade since this anime aired, and I must say that it holds up incredibly well. It's not perfect, no series is, but it's definitely up there when it comes to the story, art and sound design.. . Story. Premise: 7/10. The basic idea of a parasitic organism inhabiting a human, coexisting within them and being used as a means to fight with other similar creatures has definitely been done a few times, and it's still explored to this day. At the time it probably seemed a lot newer, and I must say that I really enjoy the idea itself.. . Execution: 8/10. Although the premise is fairly simple, ...
Watched this first alone thinking it was hentai.... . Really was just lying down with my tentacle in my hand thinking to myself. . "man, why tf is this hentai so interesting". . Only to get to the rooftop scene, pull up my Grinch black and green pj's, and begun hysterically holding my laughter hoping that my parents wouldn't be able to hear me at 3 am.. . Later, showed the anime to a friend and turned it into a staple reference point within our conversations. . ...
Overview. The long-awaited 5th season of kingdom. This spectacular story goes through such a strategic war time era where it’s cleverly thought out and done so well. I love the strategy ideas they go through to beat and crush their enemies. They haven’t run out of ideas and aren’t at all the same repetitiveness of attacking and defensiveness. They have different places, different styles and different characters. I am super excited and not even disappointed at all at how amazing this 5th season is turning out.. Story 10/10. I think from season 3 and 4 all the way into 5th seasons the story has gone up so ...
This is a really good movie. I was really (pleasantly) surprised by the direction that the movie took from the first. As with the first movie, the animation quality and soundtrack were top notch. Some aspects of the movie were a little bit confusing compared to the first, but it is still easy enough to follow without ever having watched an episode of the anime. My only gripe with this movie is that it is clearly trying to be more philosophical than is maybe helpful. To me, the key of Gurren Lagann is how cool it looks, and I prefer it a lot to the ...
I went to the theatre to watch this without ever watching Gurren Lagann, and I am a fan. I have never watched the show before, but I felt like everything in the movie made sense, and it never really felt like anything was missing which is pretty impressive considering how many episodes of the show were covered. The soundtrack was really good, and the animation quality felt like it was really ahead of its time. I recommend this for people who don't have enough time to watch the entire series. I did not really care for all of the characters, but Simon and Kamina were ...
Now, Qualidae Code is an anime I liked a lot and many people have mixed or negative feelings about. It is probably due to expectations.. The anime series has a simple enough plot: youngsters that were kept in cryo-sleep had woken up with powers referred as “world” in them, and, are fighting against invading aliens from an alternate dimension. The question is, is this a rightful fight. We have seen many SF anime, manga, and TV series based on the concept and at times Qualidae Code resembled the film Island a lot in the first few episodes – at least for me. The quality of animation ...
I do not know why this anime is so underrated (not in terms of rate on MAL but in general ) , even though its manga is very popular, I think everybody should give it a chance ..very good fights with strategists not only random 3 days of fights .. so many characters with good backstories .. the most important things is that .. different points of views are reflected so the concept of pure evil or pure good is not there . Maybe some people hate the drawing of the anime .. but this season is so good in concept of the animation .. ...
If you didn’t like this anime (particularly the second half), it wasn’t aimed at you.. . The idea is that these people, these weird, utterly impassioned people, followed their dream and through perseverance and guts managed to Otakunize the planet. It’s a wish-fulfillment fantasy, but it’s also only a slight exaggeration of what Gainax really accomplished (don’t believe me? They’re *still* playing Cruel Angel’s Thesis at half the Pachinko parlors in Ikebukuro).. . This OVA was aimed squarely at people like me and my wife. It is no understatement to say that it changed our lives when we first watched it in 1999, brand new Otaku, to whom all ...
From Bad CG to characters pulled from the franchise that wasn't explained, This movie was riddled with flaws.. . But here's the thing, none of those matter when watching the movie.. . The ending literally pulled me out of a deep episode of derealization, slapped me in the face, asked me if it was worth living, slapped me again, and said "Stupid question, go figure it out yourself, now CRY." This has not happened since I watched "A place further than the Universe". And any movie that can make me do what an entire season of anime did deserves a 10/10 and go watch it.
This show has blown my mind. Usually I don't watch shows like this, I'm your traditional anime action head who thrives on dubs, so it's rare to get into something like this.. . I accidentally watched Parallel World Pharmacy a while back and thought it was awesome, so I decided to give this a try, thinking it would be similar. I was wrong, it was better.. . The story flows so well, progressing in a way that feels like you're experiencing the main character's life instead of watching it on a screen. It sucks you into this beautiful and original world in a way that makes you curious, ...
Time travel has been a long-time staple in the genre of science fiction. In many of these stories, however, it is much more fiction than science. Steins;Gate (S;G) strives to be different. The creator of the original visual novel (VN) said that while writing the story, he maintained a vision of "99% science, 1% fantasy". This quote has very little basis literally, as there are still a lot of fictional concepts at work here, but the general mindset of respect to real science is noticeable. Real-life concepts of chaos theory, quantum mechanics, and time travel theory, such as Copenhagen and many-worlds interpretations, causality, time paradoxes, ...
*** MINOR SPOILERS AHEAD ***. Note: My reviews are like a note for my future self. I try to not spoil anything in it, because in the case I want to rewatch the show, I don't want to know too much about it other than what I think I will remember or surface level details that don't really matter much. I just want to make sure my future self understands a bit of how I felt about it and why I gave this mark.. . Review start:. . A good slice of life anime with a bit of supernatural stuff in it, adapted in quite a good way knowing that ...
This is all about interpersonal relationships. I cant judge how accurate depiction of high achieving and highly social girl are, but I can easily relate to the guy (MC). Her interaction and the way she becomes his mentor of "life" is questionable, but the way she actually does it seems legit enough.. . Whole game thing is just a background to the problem of giving up on his social life. Which then grows into questions what exactly you want out of relationships and why you connect to people. Why would you want to act as people expect and to which degree you need to change yourself or ...
A very underrated anime. I don't understand why its rating is so low. Like it doesn't have very complex dialogue or pacing is very fast? Need to see him struggle with every fight? Go watch DB you will find it their. No ecchi stuff or fan service? Men grow up. You can't say animation is bad. Say that after watching demon slayer and jjk s2; yeah its season 1 is great but they totally hit themselves with axe in s2 like I literally dropped it after Gojo past story. Why demon slayer? Men sorry I am not fan of chibi it is really really annoying ...
Undead Girl Murder Farce is an anime that plunges its viewers into a world of mystery, and supernatural suspense. This series, while not for the faint of heart, offers a captivating experience.. . The first episode, directed by Mamoru Hatakeyama, delivers a visually striking experience with its dark and mysterious art style. Hatakeyama's deliberate pacing and clever shot composition build tension effectively, seamlessly blending the mundane with supernatural elements. I really loved the cinematic way he approached some scenes and made unusual decisions in how to frame them, it reminded me of the Monogatari Series. The dialogue is concise yet engaging, revealing key plot points without sacrificing ...
One of the greatest rpg-isekai anime. Despite average and cookie-cutter skills, monsters, encounters, etc. Story have one thing that sets it far above others - realistic motivation for MC. Getting slave for fun activities is #1 Priority for any cultured person. And if MC can actually get one and do that stuff on screen - this gives enormous rating points in my eyes (+uncensored version).. . Sadly, the way this slave is used as actual party member/wife is off-putting. Poor girl run labyrinth, do garden work and probably all other domestic stuff. It seem strange to work such beauty to the bone. Why would you ever want ...
One’s liminal ears at the precipice of lemony tears, soured by the duress and distress of all that you hear could only match a crumb of the heartache from the mythopoetic soul that resides in Lemnear. Should sword and sorcery offer a companion piece from a land in the East, this would be most welcome a feast in the midst of past contemporaries deceased. And that it does in its dealings with life and death, truly its effervescence springs forward past its grave leaving none bereft.. . In the bosom of Indo-European tradition, our heroine embarks a journey through perdition to rescue her sacred kin, and ...
Recommand watching this after the anime, has it contains spoilers from the original serie. But this is needed to give the movie a round finish/red thread towards the main story of this movie, which is how both mum and dad of Honda met, their back story and how it all went from the moment they met, fell in love and gave birth to Honda, aswell how her life continued after the ending of the serie. It would be kinda awkward to jump straight to the story of the parents without actually knowing whats been shown in the anime.. . Be aware you will cry. The same amount ...
Story of abandoned kid journey. Pace is really slow, not in bad way, but its a shame that there is only 12 episodes, as this amount seems inadequate with this pacing to get anywhere.. . There is element of isekai as this girl seems to share her mind with some person from modern Japan, so far this quirk seems to do almost nothing. Beside that she is considered cursed girl based on some skill rating. It is shown that this prejudice overshadow everything, even basic love for own kids.. . Animation looks good, and art seems above average. Main purpose of this story seems to hit you as hard ...
Not as hype as All Stars Memories in my opinion, but a damn good Precure movie nonetheless.. Very cool fight scenes, a very interesting villain idea (not so much the villain themselves and more so how they go around doing stuff) and even thought the screen time is not divided equally through all teams, it is a pretty great celebration of 20 years of Precure.. The design for Supreme might actually be my favourite design from any Precure movie.. The first All Stars movies could afford to make all Precure important since it was 4 or 5 teams, but now with more than 70 different Cures that's simply ...
I'll just say it straight away: don't expect something profound, expect good action scenes and some cliche monologues.. . If you're going in expecting what I just told you to expect, then you're going to enjoy this show.. 12 episodes of good sweet justice.. The good guy gets his revenge and kills the bad guys in many different ways. You won't need to remember stuff from past episodes, you won't need to search for theories regarding who actually killed X character and blablabla.. . Characters:. Characters range from decent to good in terms of likability. Again, don't expect to learn about their past and stuff.. they're not even named.. . Story:. Couple bad guys ...
This anime will always have a special place in my heart.. It showed me something i needed at the time but never got in real life.. It is not perfect but i still hold i very dear to my heart.. This show saved my life and i mean that in the literal sense.. I recommend anyone to watch this. Yes there is fan service and the power of friendship BUT it also has a great story that connects and flows well. So if you want to have fun time, have a bawling sension or any other emotion you can think of then this is your show.. Let’s all become part ...
ReLIFE is a good romcom, it's a wholesome story with a lovable cast of characters.. . It checks every box for an enjoyable watching experience : the animation is good, you can easily relate to the characters, there's the usual amount of cute moments between characters. There's also some drama to pique the viewers' interest, nothing that will make you feel uneased, simply plausible problems teenagers can face.. . The soundtrack is awesome, there's a different ending song for every episode ( if they'll either be to your taste or not is quite subjective, but we can appreciate the trouble of picking different songs ) and the ...
A heavily underrated anime in my opinion. Can't help myself but compare it to "The Apothecary Diaries". I love both anime and I can see why the second is more popular, but "Raven Of The Inner Palace" is simply more deep. The series might lack some things, perhaps there are not as many memorable characters, and the stories don't have a major impact on the world, not to mention that the first few episodes can be a bit boring. But after the ep. 4 or so it gets way better, deeper and sometimes even dark. They could've actually make the series longer, the pace felt ...
Do you need an anime that makes you feel all kinds of emotions? Do you want to cry your eyes out? Do you want to go on a rollarcoaster of emotions? Then this is the show you need!!. . Never in all the years i have watched anime have i watched an anime like this…. I cried every episode, i even cried in the evening while lying in bed after all the episodes.. The story is well written and really well connected!. One thing i know is that i will nog watch it again because my eyes still hurt from all the crying i did.. If you would like too cry ...
Made in abyss is an absolute masterpiece. I watched it a lot of times and every time it hitted me so hard that i was thinking about it for another week.. . Made in abyss is an adventure fantasy which has a really good animations, perfect character designs and one of my favorite story of all anime i watched. I love that every single character has its own purpose that changed the story little by little to what it is now. Soundtrack has really good sync with the anime and it helps to enjoy the story more. I also like the idea of girl and robot ...
This anime has been hyped non-stop, even without knowing any of the characters' names I could recognize a bunch of them from social media, be it on pfp, clips, memes, etc... So, I decided to watch the first season, and it was good. Good plot, interesting characters and amazing world-building. After whatching the movie, it was time to start the second season. I was told that the first few episodes were located in the past and that they were the weakest episodes in the show, which I agree. However, it was worth the watch only to enter the "shibuya Incident". And let me tell you, ...
"Not all things will start great then ends great, and not all things also start bad then ends bad." - me.. . Although this show doesn't end yet (as of the time of writing), I just realized it on this particular donghua after watching 41 episodes that this show is really good! Best donghua in terms of animation so far imo (better than mortal's journey to immortality even if they are somewhat alike). There is no stutter in their motions. It's very fluid even the way the mouth and body moves. It's just that, many people dropped this because of very long prologue/intro that took more or ...
Ah, Dragon Ball Z, a show that's become an anime behemoth, inspiring generations of fans across the globe. Its charm lies in its multifaceted nature. But I can offer you a few different perspectives on why DBZ is so beloved:. . The Hype Machine:. . Explosive Action: Buckle up for super-powered Saiyan showdowns, energy blasts lighting up the screen, and planet-shattering clashes. DBZ boasts some of the most iconic fight scenes in anime history, each one a spectacle of animation and raw power.. . Transformation Frenzy: Remember yelling "KAIO-KEN!" or screaming along as Goku goes Super Saiyan? DBZ thrives on these hype moments, the power-ups and transformations pushing the envelope of ...
This is my second review, So I’m sorry if I have weird grammar or word.. . Hakumei To Mikochi is a simple anime, when main story focus on daily human being is simple nothing else right??. But you wrong.. This anime is about daily life a human but small even ant bigger than human self, sounds boring??. I know that thing’s because I feel too but when I watch and appreciate it I have been deceived because it awesome fantasy anime I like iyashikei anime but it it’s first time that I have been into this anime because from my pov it really awesome and also relax this is ...
dawg who fucking cares if the anime has bad writing... an anime about maids murdering the shit out of each other is just a fun and enjoyable time. I think me and my friends were so bored one night i decided to say fuck it and watch this anime. Next thing we know... it quite literally became one of our favorite animes. Just because of the lack of structure don't mean you cant have fun with it. Its just a lot of shit happening like one of those sitcom shows like "Its always Sunny in Philadelphia". Fuck the people who took this anime to seriously, ...
After finishing this first season, I heavily recommend watching Undead Girl Murder Farce.. . It's good on many levels, if not every one. It's an unique anime because it's a patchwork : not only does it mix different tags ( mystery, detective, almost shonen action at times, comedy ) but it also manages to blend different types of famous tales together in a coherent way.. . . This review won't contain any spoiler, and I'll try to describe down below the many pros and few cons of this show.. . _________________________________________________________________________________________________________. . The story :. ...
In general, this final chapter is not a masterpiece like many say it is. It is also, not a bad final act, like many 1/10 reviews would have you believe it is. This is just middle of the road good entertainment. Like S4 p1 and p2, I have issues with this act, but I'm not going to trash the anime over those issues. S3p2 is the height of the series IMO, and season 4 just doesn't match that quality. That is okay though. This is a nearly 100 episode anime, so expectations should be subdued, as imo long anime ...
Season 4 overall was fine. It kept my interest at least to not drop it. Unfortunately, there are more heel/babyface turns than an AEW episode of Dynamite. The wishy washy ideals of the main cast are annoying. I don't believe it makes any sense either. One thing I can praise, is, at least they had enemies. Could you imagine if they didn't? How stupid would that be?.... I feel the show glosses over things too, inserts new details, then doesn't flesh these new additions out. This part near the end really drops the action, and that too annoyed ...
It's like The Room, except it's done on purpose, and an edgy ninja show. That's it. There is no comedic timing, or witty lines to indicate when you're expected to laugh. Under Ninja just throws the most absurd concepts and cliches at you, while remaining dead serious for the entire runtime. And the worst part is that all of it starts to make sense the longer you watch.. . I saw another review call it "an anime watcher's anime" and that might be the best way to describe it. Someone without extensive background knowledge would have a difficult time seeing the irony in this show.
OK kids, listen up. I don't know, nor care, what fucking slop you may be enjoying at the moment, but drop whatever you are watching right now and just GIVE IT A TRY.. . I'm here to spread the message.. I won't even attempt to properly review this - shit's only 3 episodes at the time of writing, and it could easily slip into oblivion at any moment. For now, however, it delivers.. Yes, neither the setup nor the premise are particularly enthralling. Yes, the presentation can be rather tacky with the artistic choices they made. YES, IT ISN'T ANYTHING EXTRAORDINARY, but it's something.... IT IS SOMETHING, PEOPLE!. Something new ...
I bought this title on VHS in the 90's and remember liking it, but I haven't owned a VHS player in 20 years now and haven't re-watched the movie in all that time. My rating on MAL was based on the hazy memories of a child and so I decided to watch it again. So how does the movie hold up against the fresh eyes of a somewhat more matured self? Well.... . - Story & Theme. I can't say I remembered much of the main story and it's easy to see why. The story is good, but it's revealed to us in fragments and chunks and to ...
"Put aside the illusion that there is a beginning and ending to a tale". . Baccano! Specials is a good show. While it does not exceed its prequel in terms of what it depicts, it is certainly a very good sequel, and wraps up the story in an interesting manner. It follows in its predecessor's footsteps in the fact that it maintains its trait of having a large cast and balancing it well. The 3-episode sequel seemingly wraps up most plot points covered in the main show.. . While Baccano! was largely non-linear, Baccano! Specials is much more focused on one overarching story, with some alternative plot wrap-ups sprinkled ...
I started watching the anime right after reading the manga, which definitely is not the best way to experience it since the adaptation is almost a direct translation from page to screen. Thus, story wise it added nothing new to the experience. Still, I think the anime did capture the unique feel of this manga pretty well. It gave off the nostalgic vibes that resembled the innocence of first love. The manga itself has a very unique minimal line and curve art style, while the anime goes for the water painting, hand drawn look. Basically a perfect fit visually for the medium. The voice acting ...
This is a spoiler free review for Death Note.. Whether you're new or experienced in the world of anime, Death Note will be instantly gripping. It's tightly plotted, well written and doesn't have many tropes, cliches or plot holes that many other anime are riddled with. Death Note raises interesting questions on morality, while having a simple but intelligent plot. Every plot point is well thought out and usually makes sense in a way that is smart but not over complicated. This brilliant writing makes the plot holes in the third act of the show much more noticeable. This leaves you thinking that the show should ...
Perfect character development.. It's so hard to find another anime that has similar features as Otome. Two youthful and sour heroines coming-of-age story that doesn't need a boy to save them, robots, henshin scenes, battles, master-and-"maid". I am a woman and I enjoyed this very much. I love watching stories like this where the heroine develops. The romance fuels her growth, but it's not the end of the story. She gradually goes through a variety of adventures to discover what she wants to do and what she wants to get out of it. The only ones I can think of in the same genre are probably ...
Don't be fooled; at least finish ep.1. If you enjoy mecha but got a little tired of “traditional” stories (and don’t mind some homoeroticism), give Bang Braven a try!. . What should I expect from an anime directed by Obari Masami? Probably robots with crisp yet muscular design that can make striking poses. Yes, the top priority is to see some cool robots!. . To my disappointment, the first half of ep.1 was totally a real robot mecha anime; and the robot designs were so…boring. There were some nice characters though, who seemed to be skilled, hard-working, and passionate…blah blah blah…. . But you know what? After 10 minutes, all ...
Do not go into Angel's Egg expecting to fully understand what you just watched, you won't, and if you do, you're lying, because nearly 40 years later, the true meaning is still not 100% known, it's certainly Avant Garde, however, it is speculated that it's a representation of the creator, Mamoru Oshii's wavering faith in god and Christianity, and there are many moments in the film where it is easy to pick up on that.. Oshii was a very rare case of a person in Japan being raised Christian, as there are very few people in Japan who are Christian, and not too long before he ...
** SPOILER FREE **. . Vivy: Fluorite Eye's Song is a fantastic anime with great sci fi themes, exciting action, heart felt moments, beautiful music, and some of the most amazing animation / art you will ever see. Of course the show has some flaws, some may feel frustrated with the way in which the show delivers plot points at certain times and there may be times when some could feel overwhelmed by a fast pace, but ultimately I believe that most will come away feeling like they watched something special and found a new beloved character in Vivy. I look forward to watching more animation by ...
This is one of the best animes of the season, as there are thought-provoking mysteries, explosive action and characters with organic motivations. It is also possible to notice that there is a complexity in the motivations. This complexity is not only in the motivations of the protagonists, but also in the motivations of the villains and secondary characters. Furthermore, the plots are also well elaborated, with unexpected, controversial and reflective outcomes.. . However, it is a Seinen anime, which should be more mature and well-paced. The fast pace, in which an arc is resolved in one or two episodes, forces the dialogues to be direct, less natural ...
You shouldn't watch frieren for the story or for the action or the plot or the music.. . Even though they are good AF, it is the animation and music that are really great.. . You should watch it for the theme and for the feeling and reflexion it provides. . Many have failed to grasp why the themes addressed in Frieren are universal and timeless. . Time leading inevitably to death. Memory prolonging existence. ...
frieren is not a series for people who overlook the little things in life; those who focus on the grandeur and flashiness. it takes its time. the pacing is slow, the fights are logical, grounded and realistic, settings are quiet, the director lets moments sit and breathe, there are no over the top reactions and played up moments. frieren is grounded and authentic and in the age of short attention spans and medicore battle shonen, it is so incredibly refreshing.. . in essence, it's a slice of life set in a fantasy land. when fern asks frieren what her overall goal/purpose is, frieren states that she ...
I like doors because every time you watch a new series or read a new series you open a door to the world of this series, so when I watched an animated movie about doors with good animation, I was surprised and it was great! Ive always liked doors, the entry of something new or the end of something passed, doors are truly one of the best thing to exist in this world, when I play video games I like to see how doors open how they work how they look, where do they lead to, and seeing it in animation was truly magical for ...
GATE as a whole (let this be a review to cover both seasons) is a very neat show that fills this feeling of yearning I had after having watched the likes of Zero no Tsukaima (Familiar of Zero) and Black Lagoon. For the most part, the presence of guns has been a bit lacking when it comes to anime and manga as a whole. As a red, white, and blue-blooded American, this is unacceptable. GATE can be accurately summarized to "show where modern weaponry completely obliterates medieval society repeatedly while magical girls of questionable age and appearance affectionately join you". While to an outsider, this ...
Upon entering the first minutes, a distinct Harry Potter vibe immediately envelops the scene, with some characters resembling the wizardly world, complete with cloaks. The narrative unfolds within the nobility class, interspersed with peasants, and many characters exude a noble-like demeanor, setting the tone for what to expect. The story incorporates elements from the real world into this fantasy realm, adding a mysterious touch to their origins and the overarching narrative. While the opening somewhat gives away key plot points, it was, to some extent, anticipated.. . The humor is well-crafted, often relying on the tsundere aspect. If this personality type doesn't appeal to you, the comedic ...
Suzume is a girl ready to risk it all, to go on adventures, for the sake of doing it. She's truly alive, even if it means taking all the risks in the universe. Suzume no Tojimari dosen't tell a story of a heroic journey, hilarious events or a silly adventures to let you just relax. It tells a life. It's time to get a life.. . Some might find the story slow, or even empty. Suzume expresses things slowly, but yet every event is important, every event is what makes Suzume no Tojimari not just another good movie that's an 8/10, but subjectively a 10 and critically ...
Rosario + Vampire is a very entertaining, cute, and at times comedic harem/romance anime. Unlike with most shows in this genre, the male protagonist has a rather commendable and likeable character, through his dedicated and loyal love towards his girlfriend and friends, resilient nature, and motivation to protect those he cares for. I like the show's themes of acceptance and friendship/love beating human or "monster" vices such as greed for power, bigotry, lust, etc. To me the show is representative of the inner "monster" in people that can be overcome by good. That said, every episode in this series has a very similar formula. It ...
[NO SPOILERS]. . There are tons of series about cultivation out there, but this one is a bit special. Having watched all of the mainstreams like Soul Land, Xingchen Bian, Battle Through the Heavens, etc., this one felt like a breath of fresh air. The MC is the king "I don't take shit-talk from anyone". Enemies get stronger, but ya boi does not shy away from a fight... seriously, you'll have to watch to believe. Tactical retreats are not a thing. The characters have diversity, except for the normal, stereotypical elements found in every donghua. Overconfident enemy talks shit, MC slaps face followed by the standard "We'll ...
Ohayo minna. Matierica is a retro anime from 2017 that, to my surprise, is still being talked about to this day. Through it's recent resurgence in the anime community through apps like TikTok and YouTube Shorts, Matierica has seen a new wave of popularity and hype surrounding it, but does it live up to the praise? Let's find out.. . Matierica was created during a turning point in the anime industry. 2017 saw many big changes for anime, with shows like Black Clover, Konosuba, Classroom of the Elite, and ROBOMASTERS THE ANIMATED SERIES airing. No other year in anime history boomed as much as 2017 did, and ...
Up until this point Matierica was somewhat of a hidden gem amongst the sea of currently airing seasonals, but its recent boom in popularity has taken the anime community by storm and proves how even those hidden gems can be uncovered given enough time. Despite airing a long time ago in 2017 I’d consider giving it a try because, if you’ve seen the Tiktok about it, it’s definitely an old anime worth watching. It truly is a life-changing experience. This review is for those who are still unsure if they want to watch Matierica; even I was sceptical of its sudden popularity, but I can ...
By far one of the most engaging and beautiful anime I've ever seen, perhaps the best.. . The plot is a bit predictable at times, as are the dialogues, but most sports anime are like that, indeed considering that Hajime no Ippo was one of the first great anime about sports we could say that it set the tone and paved the way for all those clichés that we take for granted today. However, it remains a perfectly told story, excellently constructed with tear-jerking moments and incredibly engaging from start to finish throughout its 75 episodes.. . The strong point of the anime are the characters: all extremely likeable, ...
A parody of action anime.. Its like Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo, but more brutal.. . You have the over-powered Saitama (The One Punch Man).. Apart from that you have a bunch of random super-villains and other super-characters showing up causing havoc.. . And Saitama has a ridiculous reason for wanting to stop them.. Not necessarily because he wants to save the day; being a super hero is a boring hobby for him. But because the villains create an inconvenience for him that day.. . Everyone in this show is a parody of an existing anime character (although this can be said about pretty much every anime now 🤔 since its mostly copy/paste). And everyone ...
4 years ago, I found this anime. I watched the trailer and the synopsis. It got me interested. Then I saw social media posts about it being depressing and saw the posts about Kayo not waiting for 15 years... It got me scared. So I decided to watch it later. Days became weeks, weeks became months, and then years passed by. Whether it's on YouTube videos, someone's suggestions, discussions, or even on my list, I've come across it pretty frequently. But never watched it because I was scared that it was depressing and would leave an emptiness in my heart after finishing it.. . . I'm so glad ...
The Matierica phenomenon™ has been taking the anime community by storm as of the last year or so. It's a short film that everybody's talking about, yet nobody thus far has made a video or written a review. It could be the TikTok effect where tons of people are aware of a certain show or movie, yet not a lot of thoughtful discussion springs out of that boom in popularity. I am here to rectify that and tell you why Matierica is actually worth the hype.. . Matierica is a short film by Keita Kurosaka, famous for his short animations uploaded to the internet. What differentiates Matierica ...
I watched Season 1 and then watched 5 minutes of the movie but I then put it in my watching-list for the next 4 years lol 😂. . Ahh, finally! I can put this series to rest!! I've finally finished this series!!! Although I haven't read the manga, I did read the last chapter. And it's a very different ending than the one we got here in the movie. I don't know if the manga is better or not...nevertheless, both endings are wholesome, cute, and fill the heart. I do NOT feel empty after finishing this series. Rather, I'm joyful!. . About the anime, I love everything about it. ...
Some characters were kind of average / boring (7/10). Art style fit the story and looked good (10/10). The plot had a lot of highs and some lows (8/10). The MC was funny and had layers (10/10). Love interest stood on her own and became more enjoyable as the anime progressed. Side characters were ok (8/10). Well rounded story and I would like to see more (10/10). . Notes. - Cool concept. ...
In my own interpretation, the movie aims to show that life is not essentially a search for happiness or control; life is a search for meaning. When we give ourselves a cause to serve or another person to love, we become more human, and we love ourselves more. The movie represents love as a power that offers the experience of dreaming and helps you escape loneliness. The world needs love. The power of love is what can help you survive. Love is about wisdom. Love is what makes our hearts live and beat. The movie succeeded in addressing the theme of love and showing its ...
The Characters had solid and cool designs (10/10). The art style was good (10/10). The plot was pretty good (8/10). The MC was pretty good (9/10). The final antagonist (8/10). Side characters were fine (7/10). Well rounded story (10/10). . Notes. - It did a lot with the 24 eps it got. ...
“Daily life of the Immortal King” is still an easy-going, light-hearted, short and funny little thing. It has always been from the start and it stayed the same.. . I have been watching this donghua since day one and always found it a relaxing, non-problematic and easy-to-keep story. There is nothing new in this season. I mean, there are new adventures, there are new obstacles, but Wang Ling is still ridiculously overpowered, Rong is always by his side, as talented and charming as she had always been. His friends are the ride or die trio, though I actually think if anyone is getting at least some ...
It's a very enjoyable anime to watch. The main character's personality is someone we will encounter in real life, unlike mainstream anime. He has neither a stupid forgiving nor an unnecessary cruel personality. Although the side characters can be processed a little deeper, there is no superficiality that bores you with the combination of our main two side characters. The plot is also well watched so as not to bore you. Although it does not have an extraordinary plot, you watch the next episode with curiosity because it is processed in a way that will draw you in.. MC:10/5. Story:4/5. Side Characters:4/5. Immersiveness: 5/5
"All meetings may be somewhat of a miracle.". . Baccano! may present itself as a show with a compelling mystery and cast all it wants, but what one must realise is that, first and foremost, it is a fun show. The main plot (non-linear as it is) is much more a hilarious narrative of organised crime and the unexpectedly eccentric antics of its expansive cast than a chilling mystery.. . For a show with as many main characters as episodes, Baccano! manages to balance all stories incredibly well. There is no clearly defined "villain"; each character, no matter how despicable, has their own alliances and motivations, and is used ...
I'll give this anime a chance, the fact that it's not another isekai crap makes me feel positive about this series.. . The animation in this anime is the top 2 of this season, really nicely done and impressive action scenes with an interesting soundtrack in the background.. . As for the characters, of course the two MCs stand out the most, they have different characters, Naomi is the more mature one and Rouge is the childish one, it is interesting to watch their interaction, even though after three episodes their relationship is not yet developed enough.. But I ...
Sasaki to Pii-chan—an anime that defies convention and embarks on a journey of whimsy and wonderment. Join me as we delve into the realm of magical pets and interdimensional escapades:. . Picture this—an ordinary adult leading a modest and uneventful existence, until a chance encounter with a peculiar pet turns his world topsy-turvy. Suddenly bestowed with magical powers and the ability to traverse distant realms, our protagonist finds himself thrust into a world of political intrigue and fantastical possibilities.. . At first glance, Sasaki to Pii-chan may seem like just another isekai tale, but beneath its surface lies a tapestry of unique elements and clever twists that set it ...
Before we get started, I have a huge problem with the name change of this film which isn’t a criticism of the film itself; rather it is with the “”””localization”””” of this film. The name “How do you live” is actually a message in this film compared to a dumb tepid “Boy and the Heron”. This style of name changes need to die off. What is the point of changing its name if there is no clear dire need for it. In Arabic, it was translated to the name of the film rather than naming it something meaningless. Enough of that. The final movie of ...
I take my time when I watch anime, savoring the experience as I go. What could be binged in a week, becomes a months, or at times, years long endeavor. “Itazura Na Kiss” has been a series 8 years in the making for me, finally coming into fruition recently in its full culmination. This series’ best exemplifies my evolution in personal tastes, growth in my own life, and a more thorough appreciation of complex characters in a story. “Itazura Na Kiss” is full of complex characters, meaningful plot points and adventures that line its path. In many ways, the series is a microcosm of life ...
January 26, 2024.. I finished watching the anime “Yama no Susume” (Encouragement of Climb).. This anime is without a doubt the biggest milestone in the history of anime that I have watched and will continue to watch.. The fact that this anime purely exists is actually amazing with all that it entails.. When I started watching the series in August 2023, I couldn't have imagined what actually awaited me here.. I would never have been prepared for this trip that Yama no Susume took me on.. . Yes, the anime definitely has its flaws, you shouldn't forget that.. It's not perfect, but it exists. This anime really exists and you can't take that ...
A-1 Pictures has already started the year with a bang. They're bringing us Mashle and Solo Leveling and they both have amazing animations! I'm really loving this second season of Mashle much more than the first, it's incredibly fun. The opening is a banger and the ending is crazy stylish.. . Animation/Art - The character designs in Mashle S2 are still as beautiful and impeccable as in the first season. Producing a busy anime with this high level of detail in the characters is a lot of work, which is definitely worth praising. Congratulations to Mashle's production team.. . Overall rating - If you're looking for a light show ...
This movie felt like an old friend. It's been years since I've watched the ending of the series, and I've skipped two movies in between, but watching it was an easy return to what I enjoyed about the Bunny Girl senpai. (I refuse to call it the Dreaming Rascal series, I only do watch it for Mai.). . This movie had an air of finality around it. Sakuta's family arc has come full circle, and Sakuta is ready to move to the next level with Mai. I really like the poetic echo of the call back to the first arc of the series, with Sakuta experiencing Mai's ...
[Literally everything at once! Impeccable action with intense thrill and emotional desperation, Rated R extremely, EXTREMELY hilarious comedy, and... steamy romance? Such chaotic energy, but with wonderful delivery- one of the best 3 first episodes among all genre of anime that I've ever watched for sure! 10/10]. . Bang Brave Bang Bravern is looking up to be one of the most iconic anime of all time, for sure. From every aspect possible, it is so well-made, despite having so much potential still.. . Among all of its qualities, what stands out to me the most is the drawing, for sure! The expressions, the shading, everything sets up the mood ...
I think you're enjoyment of this will depend on how much you like the 'villianess' subgenre. Personally I like the strong female protagonists and the humour combined with the rather chill plots. For what it's worth, this has all of those things in spades along with a rather surprisingly adorable love story.. . Pros. - The dub is excellent. Truely one of my favourites.. - The characters are funny, loveable and superb. They remain consistant in their motivations and make the show.. - The art style is pretty, and doesn't have too many of the romantic flourishes I tend to find frustrating.. - This show is seriously funny.. - Unimportant duck.. . cons. - The ...
I'm pretty sick of time travelling but here it is done the least annoying.. . Usually time travel is the same.. . 1. Person Travels back in time. 2. Person changes something. 3. present isn't how it was supposed to be. 4. Person goes back again and changes things again. 5. this happens until the desired outcome is reached. . ...
I didn't know anything about Gamera, I had only heard the name, although I do know about kaijus, Godzilla and Ultraman. I loved this series. Veteran fans who have been talking about Gamera from 1965 are very annoying, seriously, you can't see everything the same as you did 60 years ago. If we had to judge everything by the original canons, nothing would ever be right, because the original is almost always the best, so don't be annoying.. . And then there are those who directly suspend the series for having this type of animation. Netflix has already released quite a few series like this (quite good ...
The story was very unique and full of surprises.. The art style was amazing - each frame was full of details (eg. there was a certain scene when a body bounced on the ground - the softness and bounciness of the human body were well portrayed with subtle impacts and the airborne time). Not to mention the transitions were just "WOW".. The characters are pretty complex and flawed, much like every human - in fact, so complex that I don't even fully understand them.. If you like running your brain on max power to see the subtleties of a film I definitely recommend this film.. A ...
This show is surprising and gets progressively better with it starting as a 6 for me but gradually becoming an 8 by the first half of season 2 with honestly the potential to be a 10/10. The character writing is shockingly crisp with a main character that genuinely feels real in how he copes with his challenges. You can tell this was a novel where the author really explored how each small aspect of this plot would affect him and others. While some might be put off from trying this show because of the Isekai aspects or REM, I would recommend seeing this anime as ...
Another really cute show by Dwarf in the same vein as Rilakkuma and Kaoru, however rather than being about the struggles a working woman faces, this show is more about relaxation and nurturing. This show is one part viewer wish fulfillment, one part reminding us to take things easy once in a while, and enjoyable throughout.. . The stop motion animation is gorgeous here. The human characters have that same sort of look as the previously mentioned Rilakkuma and Kaoru, but the real highlight was how the Pokemon themselves were adapted into this style. I love the use of textures on the models, which can differ from ...
Definitely one of the best School Life Animes.. It had a lot of Slice of Life moments (It did the best job at it). I'd give it a 10 If it mainly focused on that aspect.. However you'll not even find that on the genre.. Here's a well defined rating.. . Comedy: 6/10. Drama: 10/10. Romance: 7/10 Incomplete. School 10/10. Not on genre. Slice of life: 9/10. ...
NOTE: this review is for my own personal use only. i've noticed after a while, i forget why i rated a show highly or poorly, so i'm going to write reviews after completing each series so i can reference them in the future.. . ---. . I started this show just as something mindless and entertaining but was pleasantly surprised in the end. I went into this for slapstick comedy and it definitely delivered. Genuinely one of the funnier anime I've seen. And to be honest, I thought it would just stick with it to the end and it'd just be one big joke the whole time, and I ...
Out of the three movies in the first anime adaptation of Sailor Moon, Sailor Moon S: The Movie is the only one that is based on a side story from the Sailor Moon manga known as The Lover of Princess Kaguya. That alone isn't the reason I like this movie the most. I find this side story to be very engaging and I daresay it gives the biggest spotlight for Luna, bigger than any filler episode in the main seasons.. . Taking place somewhere in the middle of the Infinity arc, an ice creature seeks to turn the Earth into a frozen paradise. It is shown early ...
Dungeon Meshi should be the golden standard for fantasy style cooking.. . Often times, we will have isekai stories where the protagonist basically just reintroduces Japanese cuisine into the new world, without ever really utilizing the native ingredients in creative way.. . Then we have stories (like Tondemo Skill de Isekai Hourou Meshi), where the protagonist basically actively avoids interacting with the new world, and we have a very boring slice-of-life where the protagonist is just basically living in Japan in terms of meals.. . And lastly, we have the reaction style shows where isekai people eat modern/Japanese food and we just see their reactions (Isekai Shokudou). . Dungeon Meshi properly utilizes the ...
Precure All Stars F is by far the best All Stars movie to come out of this wonderful show! From beginning to end, it was a perfect celebration of how far the franchise has come, embodying everything it means to be a ‘Precure’ no matter which team you are following on the matter.. . Story: 7.5/10. . While this is sadly the weakest aspect here, the core story of All Stars F is still very enjoyable to watch. Even if (at least in my view), the twist was quite predictable from the beginning, and the movie’s first half is rather slice of life-esque for my tastes, the latter half ...
I am simply delighted with this anime!. . Extremely fun, enjoyable, and great for moments when you just want to relax.... . I loved Bocchi's character; honestly, I have a tendency to connect with "shy" and "socially challenged" characters, so seeing Bocchi "almost" overcome her challenges and successfully make new friends made me very happy.. . The way Bocchi is funny, shy, and extremely innocent is phenomenal, not to mention the character's voice actor who did an excellent job dubbing her.. . There's not much to say about this anime adapted from a 4-koma, a story about a lonely girl struggling to make friends in a new school with the goal of becoming ...
This show's season just went by like a breeze, didn't it?. To make this brief, I adored Spy x Family ever since it aired. It has a lovable cast, nice setting, and an easy-going vibe despite its handful of zaniness and sprints of nice-looking action set pieces. Season 1 started strong and gave us weekly injection of humor, drama, and spy shenanigans. This season, it was mostly the same and I am fine with it.. . With such an intriguing premise, I assumed the show would lean more on the thriller side of things but it was just not and I've learned to accept that the show was ...
Sengoku Youko is a good fantasy action anime which didn't gather much attention this season due to its lack of a sizable manga fanbase to generate hype. Given that this anime feels like a shounen from the early 2000s, many viewers more used to the action-packed gory violence of recent shounen (CSM, JJK) didn't bother giving Sengoku Youko a chance, which is a shame since this anime has the best character writing out of all anime airing this season.. . The main cast comprises of a group of outcasts with tragic backstories and motivations the audience can understand. These characters work well together, connecting through their individual ...
*Note: This is a review of all six films.*. . tl;dr: A mecha anime with great action and characters with a lot of depth but very slow development.. . Break Blade is a mecha anime, though unlike most it’s fantasy rather than sci-fi. It’s set in a world where most everyone has the ability to magically manipulate quartz and bend it to their will using what is dubbed sorcery. This allows especially skilled sorcerers to pilot enormous mechs known as Golems. However, the protagonist Rygart is one of the exceptionally rare few who can’t use sorcery at all. This would normally mean that he has no place on the ...
The story of SDF Macross is about the war, love, adventure and other things. It is unique because it manages to weave all these aspects together in an effortless way that is not often seen in other shows trying the same thing.. . Its strength lies in its fascinating story and well-developed characters. In the story, people find an abandoned alien space ship known as SDF-1 Macross and try to build it. However, alien invaders named the Zentradi show up and a war begins. Thus the Macross, its crew and 70.000 civilians escape to an unknown place in the outer solar system with Zentradi on their heels. ...
Too many people rated this anime poorly without watching more then 3 episodes! This is not a comedy or about some girl on pig action. I hate reviewing anime before they are complete but the reviews are really doing this anime an injustice. One of the only reviewers to even finish 11 episodes admits to only watching 5 minutes of each episode. That's ridiculous. The anime is slower paced and draws you in. Not some slapstick comedy where you get the "gist" in 5 minutes. This is a mystery drama with small amounts of comic relief. I generally hate anime with transmorph isekei (like that ...
This review will be based off of being able to consistently watch all the episodes together (Part 1 and 2 together).. . We get to watch Senkuu and the gain overcome the stone world using modern technology to fly, develop crops/agriculture, machines to dig for minerals and of course transportation that can take you across the world. With a new Science team formed, they take everyone on an adventure to find more ways to develop the revival fluid.. On their adventures, they're always prepared for the unexpected. But when they reach the island where the past astronauts started it all, they run into a little trouble with a ...
If you enjoy (and probably even if you do not) otome-based anime this is the best you can watch in this category. With simple isekai'ish intro, which masterfully justify MC abilities, you presented a relatable character that grows and seek what every human wants - happiness in their life.. . So far this story strike great balance with generic genre tropes and twist with loops "reincarnation". It does not waste time on minute and mundane and goes into action or drama at right moments. For me it feels relatable enough to the female protagonist written by woman, even if you lack basic knowledge of woman specific motivation ...
An anime I watched while it was airing weekly back in 2016, I rated it an 8. I remember not feeling too fond of the ending, but I still gave it an 8. An anime I rate an 8 is what I consider to be an anime to go back to and re-watch.. . Watching this over the span of a few days, rather than weekly, changed my opinion a bit, but I'll throw this in here first, so that maybe it can change the minds of a few others before they decide to watch this. I'd highly recommend watching the special "Toki no Asase" or episode ...
Story: 10/10. . Art: common.. . Characters: Meh.. . Characters react in the most realistic way possible to every situation.. . (I don't know if this is supposed to be serious or a parody, but it's too much fun to watch with friends.). ...
Dungeon Meshi—a culinary adventure of monstrous proportions that tantalizes the taste buds and challenges the imagination. Join me as we venture into the labyrinthine depths of this peculiar anime:. . Have you ever gazed upon the remains of a defeated slime and pondered its gastronomic potential? If so, Dungeon Meshi promises to satisfy your curiosity and then some. In a world where monsters are not only adversaries but also ingredients, our intrepid band of adventurers embarks on a quest to save a comrade trapped within the belly of a fearsome dragon. Yet, amidst their perilous journey, they face a peculiar dilemma: to dine or to delve deeper ...
Boku no Kokoro no Yabai Yatsu Season 2, the continuation of a tale as old as time—a tale of losers and hot girls, woven into the intricate tapestry of romantic comedy. Join me as we delve into the depths of this sequel:. . Building upon the foundation laid in season 1, we find ourselves once again immersed in the realm of improbable romances and endearing clichés. While some may scoff at its lack of realism, those who can peer beyond the surface will discover a tender narrative—a slow, slice-of-life journey chronicling the evolution of two souls entwined in the dance of love.. . The beauty of this anime lies ...
Metallic Rouge Feels Mix with Cyberpunk,Ghost in The Shell and Carole and Tuesday and Akudama Drive maybe Blade Runner too.. . Story 9/10. Awesome interesting world building.the world coexist with Humans and Androids How The Government Works.How Humans and Androids operate in Mars. The Immortal Nine and Nectar Androids use to stay alive in Mars Robots want Peace and Freedom like People do. Pretty Awesome Story. . Characters 8/10. Rouge and Naomi interesting.They are different in there own way. Naomi Helps to give info and details about missions they set out to get the job done She likes her History in Acient Times and Helps fixing stuff she good with Tech. Rouge does ...
Skip the 1st episode, and watch the 2nd episode. If you don't like the 2nd episode, you probably won't like this anime. The first episode is very generic isekai setup and made most people I know drop the series. As I write this, it is currently rated 7.5/10, and its first week it was below 5, that's how bad the first episode was, but that dramatic ranking improvement is what got me to actually take a look at it. I'll add a brief summary, which contains all the plot elements of the first episode at the end of this review, so that you don't have ...
Shingeki no Kyojin: The Final Season Part 1 is a solid stanza of the story. It has some good action to start off and spends the majority of time developing the story. It is not as good as S3p2, but I wasn't expecting it to be. However, there is definitely a step down in quality when it comes to the overall production. I have just watched about half of S4p2 and it is back to a high quality look compared to S4p1. This is a very small nitpick of what is a good season overall.. . Animation 8/10. - Solid, but some ...
Death Note is a great anime that is able to establish its ideals, and utilizes its world and structure to deliver a fantastic story. The way the content flows throughout the series for the most part works out really well, with each episode giving you ideas and clues while also giving you answers, the show itself never grows stale.. . The show works how it does not only because of its structure, but also because of its interesting characters. The way Light interacts with others is always endearing to watch because of how he moves himself between being Kira and being Light, and being in his ...
So what do magical girls do after defeating the big evil?. Ofc, fight terrorists, mercenaries, join the army, special forces, etc.... there is no happy ending here.. . That was the basic idea. The fact that they don't really do this and go again to the big evil is stupid.. There isn't any big reason why everything is happening, we're getting scraps about the actual plot and after I finished it I don't really care about it, because the reasons look shallow.. . Now, for the parts that I liked. Lesbians, 90% of the girls in the show. And big tits. Huge badonkadonkas. Also, magical spanking.. The ...
Do you like Top Gun for totally heterosexual reasons?. Did Witch from Mercury ending so soon leave a gay-mecha-sized hole in your heart that nothing else can fill?. Do you find euphemisms about how good it feels to be inside your super robot hilarious?. . If your answer to any of these questions was yes, you'll probably enjoy Bang Brave Bang Bravern!. . Jokes aside Bravern is a very fun watch. Don't go into it thinking it's gonna be a gritty real robots story like the first episode leads you to believe. It's a comedy and should be tagged on MAL as such.. . American-style military homoeroticism and mecha are a match made ...
masterpiece. why is this anime a thing? no idea. probably a school project or smth. i love fish fishy fishy fish. hope someone will eventually eat her. ending tho! it's really good. aaaaaand entire anime is 5 minutes 1.5 of which is that badass ending i mentioned. you can find it on youtube too. honestly don't know what else to say but reaaly want to bcuz there is no reviews whatsoever. it was fun. the weird type of fun where you watch it and laugh because what you see doesn't make any sense. ...
I'm surprised I liked it. Surely one of the underated romance anime on 2023.. Too bad each episode is only 12mins and 22 episodes only. But one season was honestly enough. Even though its chinese dub to be honeset it sounds good and natural. Storywise kinda similar to Golden time but more serious and flirty.. . The animation was really nice and smooth. And I really liked the background music good job first chinese anime I really liked.. . Characters and story was kinda realistic not gonna lie. those scenes apparently happens irl. . I feel like other would like this too but may not appreciate it because of the chinese ...
If you enjoyed animes such as the way of the househusband, this anime is right up your ally.. . If you watched power rangers, this is one of the baddies who fights against them, and this is how he enjoys his time away from work.. . There is no fights, there is no development, other than his admiration for cute pandas and his kindness to others. Its meant to be a collections of shorts that is entertaining.. . If you want something to watch casually, this is a good show to watch, its not going to leave you with cliffhangers, so watch whenver, sit back and enjoye!
Ah, Horimiya, the intricate dance of romance and comedy. Now, bear with me as I attempt to unravel my thoughts on this peculiar concoction of emotions and humor.. . In the vast cosmos of anime, one truth prevails: there is no universal perfection. What one beholder extols, another may disdain. Beauty, my dear reader, is inherently subjective.. . Having traversed numerous rom-com realms, I, by no means an expert, have cultivated discerning tastes. Horimiya, nestled snugly within my top five rom-coms, beckons me to elucidate the peculiar alchemy that earned it this coveted spot.. . First and foremost, I harbor an affinity for anime that simmers with authentic chemistry, an elixir ...
Coming from the light novel, the Unwanted Undead Adventurer anime is more or less what I expected – a slow, deliberately paced story with plenty of time for the main character’s thoughts. I may be a bit biased (the LN is one of my favorites, after all), but so far I’ve been enjoying the anime.. . While I don’t think the story’s natural pacing makes it well suited for an anime adaptation, they have changed a few details to make events progress smoother and quicker. And so far I feel that has worked out quite well. I know that people who are familiar with the source material ...
Horror and anime just seem to be an elusive puzzle that is still on the process of perfecting. The Japanese animation medium just seem to have a hard time getting that perfect blend to make a show effective in inciting the dread, disgust, terror, and sheer feeling of discomfort that any good horror wear on their sleeves. It was a different matter to manga for so many things go right on that medium. Translated to the screen however, with numerous changes needed to elicit the same effect and more often than not, it was just worse with unfitting color schemes, off-note pacing, and unfavorable sound ...
"Tis Time for Torture, Princess" is one of the most fun shows we have this season of Winter 2024.. . First off, I will have to share one 50/50 thought: the comedy is subjective as always. If you enjoy the over the top commentary and dramatic animation to describe what the princess is saying (simmilar to Bocchi The Rock), then this will be right up your ally. Otherwise, you might find the humor cringe.. . The show has amazing animation, and just like Bocchi The Rock, followed the original source (the manga) but made it even better and took it to a whole ...
Under Ninja's time jumps and cuts are pretty indicative of the show as a whole: a collective --almost surreal-- jumble of nonsense and garbage that to have a cohesive story would seem nearly impossible. Yet, that's exactly what Under Ninja does.. . Now, as you might have guessed, the time jumps are pretty worthless. It's (I'm like 80% sure, will do a read-through of the manga very soon), a complete anime original filler. Chapter 1 of the manga doesn't do a time jump, so that's about how much it contributes to the story. In reality, the clips that you get to see in the future ...
This was quit beatifuly animated. Sure there were some weird jump cuts, which are the reason for 9, but they don't ruin the overal enjoyment of this film. It's nice to hear the voice acting again, and this time it's a bit more versitaly, compared to Baguda-jou no Touzoku, which again it'just one sigular voice for all the characters. Sure heer it's only one voice actor too, but again it changes so that it fits the characters. And sure the voice dosen't match the lip movment but again dosen't ruin the enjoyment. The characters are wuit well done. The story is quit easy to follow ...
Monsters is a one piece prequel for a character named ryuma that takes place around 400 years before the events of one piece. . Plot: (7/10). Dragons exist in the world and terrorize cities, Ryuma the main character is a swordsman and goes around helping ppl.. . Animation: (8/10). The animation is solid wish one piece could have this lvl of animation as well sine the start. . Characters: (7/10). Ryuma, he is a mix of zoro with luffy and a very good swordsman. ...
If you don't like this by the end of the 1st episode, then you should find something else.. . Basically Demon Girl Next Door season 3, but instead of them just being suggestive, they were very explicit. An S&M ecchi where the main girl gets off on mild S&M play with the magical girls. Plot is kinda weak, even for an ecchi, and there is a decent amount of plot armor, at least thus far on Episode 3. I think the general more adult attitude of the characters is nice, it makes them feel more real even though they are still charactures.
I really wanted to see this film since months and is pretty good if you like old anime movies or you like the works of Osamu Tezuka. It is quite enjoyable even if it is a children's movie, Unico's story is simple but okay and I like the sad touch they give in the movie, apart from the fact that I love how cute his design is. The other characters in the movie are adorable and interesting, each with their own role so far in the story and as for the villain I don't have much to say because he appears suddenly but it's fine ...
The first in a trilogy of movies adult animation films by Tezuka's Mushi Production known as Animerama, it is very loosely based on One Thousand and One Arabian Nights and features Aladdin as its main character. This version of Aladdin is cowardly and perverted, but also ambitious, adventureous, and unflappable. The film focuses on his adventures, starting when he finds the beautiful slave girl Miriam. Like the other films in the Animerama, it prides itself as "adult animation," and features plenty of female nudity and sexual content, but nothing explicit is ever shown. In place of traditional sex scenes there are some wonderful ...
Hey folks, this will be my review for Jijou wo Shiranai Tenkousei ga Guigui Kuru. It's so darn sweet and adorable that you will need to visit the dentist afterwords.. . The show is simple. A girl named Akane gets bullied by the kids in her school. They call her the grim reaper, and constantly pick on her for even the dumbest stuff. However one day a transfer student named Taiyou shows up and befriends her and turns that moniker into a positive thing. Taiyou is a lovable idiot, and he seems to think that all the grim reaper stuff is true, but instead of shunning ...
Satoshi Kon's masterpiece which I believe to be one of the greatest films of all time.. Perfect Blue was originally intended to be a live action adaptation of Yoshikazu Takeuchi's novel of the same title, however a very infamous earthquake occurred in 1995 leaving the film studio in shambles. After that quake, the budget for a live action film adaptation was out of the question. In a way, I consider this unfortunate turn of events to be a blessing, because I can't picture this film any other way. This is a masterpiece of animation, and a disturbing one at that, what makes it so terrifying is ...
Ignore the hate. It’s a solid movie. Great art, great sound, feel good storyline and most importantly great characters. People are trying to find “logical” flaws everywhere but forget to realize this is a work of fiction and it should be enjoyed as such. Kick back, relax and enjoy :). . The story was not predictable. Art style was beautiful, and loved the detail in minor things. Sound design was also awesome.. . I seriously think you all will enjoy it as long as watch it for what it is and not what it isn’t. If you want something scientifically accurate watch a documentary or National Geographic.
I watched most of the stuff Li Haoling has put there and honestly where he shines he SHINES and that is conveying simple but heartfelt human stories that WILL make you cry :).. . Beginning of the Donghua might be difficult to get behind - 3d chibi artstyle is not something you see often and Chinese to that. No proper introduction, you just get thrown into this world with no warrning. After a few minutes you start to realise why. In hindsight, I think it is a great way to give you a better sense of what protagonists pov felt like, but it might scare off ...
Made me want to pursue for a job I really actually wanted and not something that would just make sure I'm set for an life.. . I don't actually want to make a formal review, I just want to comment about my thoughts about it and what it made me realize. Before I started this show, I just really wanted to become a doctor because it made a lot of money, I'm best at that subject and it seemed really interesting . But after watching it, it made me realize I would enjoy photography a lot more. But still, it's not really a stable income/job. This show ...
I didnt know what to expect once I started watching it but I am sure glad I got to start and finish it.. The animation was on a good high quality level that transports you into a good binge watching. The characters were not bad at all, their plots and backstories really hold up for 12 episodes without letting you get bored or annoyed at their character development or interaction. I dont usually watch sports anime cuz they only lead to the loop story based on/off situations and arcs, but for this one, as a 12 episode anime, it was compact and very thrilling to watch.. On ...
This is definitely one of my new favorite shows! I wasn't expecting what I got based on the beginning of the show. As the show progressed I was still a bit sad from the beginning of the show, but everything pulled together. At the END.... WAS NOT EXPECTING IT!!! Such a great show! Very emotional in the last 5-6 episodes... and with the final episode ... BOOM!!. Could not have asked for a better ending to a show. I definitely think you will enjoy this anime!!!. . I highly recommend this series. It starts out slow, and characters take a bit to warm up to but, after a ...
Bland intro with gore (pure shock content just for the sake of it). Intro suck up until about 6~ minute, just before isekai'd guy shows up. Then it goes really fast from 0 to 100 and it happens in less than a minute. Instead of funservice we have here violence and gore to keep spectacle going.. . Battles look awesome. Writing seems not that good, especially girls motivations are just weird. So far each episode is introduction of some character which later supposedly meet in some grand battle. Writing of girls aside, what looks like a main storyline is about political/military struggle. It starts to form ...
We had to wait years for this and I think it was totally worth it.. As a manga reader, without any spoilers I can say this season is gonna be a wild ride, so buckle up haha :D. . I heard a lot of people complaining about the animation, which is objectively flawless to be fair. It's just it looks a little lifeless now, compared to the other seasons. It had a really unique artstyle which kinda grew on me, and as it seems onto a lot of other fans as well. But in quality it improved a lot so it would feel literally ungrateful to complain.. . The characters ...
A beautiful romantical masterpiece.. The story is very well written, it can be confusing when you watch it for the first time and dont keep your attention to the film. But if you follow it you will see one of the best storylines in my opinion. The animation are one of the best i´ve seen.. The characters are so nicely written. You basically have 2 students, one girl and one boy. The girl is a well known person due to her dad and family, on the other hand the boy is your typical student.. And lets speak about the Soundtrack for a bit. The Score in this Anime/Film ...
Du du du du du du du So cute! du du du Touching!. Du du du du du du du So cool! du du du Charming!. . WARNING: This anime is for Cultural Researchers only. People who aren't appreciators of High Culture, beware!. . What happens when a Magical Girl otaku becomes an Evil Magical Girl? Well, of course, soft Magical Girl BDSM!. . This anime knows what it's about and doesn't pretend it's something else. It's about cute magical girls being "Oh No! I lost all my clothes!"ed and made to moan by numerous ridiculous ways. There is a minor school slice of life part where the girls interact ...
Ok, so this anime have a main protagonist, kuronuma sawako and his romantic interest, kazehaya shota. The series go deeper with the caracters, and it shows that Kazehaya its an a realistic character, cause it has a reason to love the protagonist, and its not a perfect human, he has many defects and hobbies far away from his love for the protagonist. Buuuuuuuuut Kuronuma, it looks like she have autism or something similar, she doesn't have any social skills but that progresses during the series, even so she doesn't have any flaws as a person, even though people mess with her all the time she ...
King Of Plot Twists and Cliffhangers. . This is one of the best shows that currently exist and I am very happy to be alive and able to follow this second season, this is a show that transcends the limits of fiction, a true masterpiece of the entire modern entertainment industry as a whole.. . A gripping and masterfully crafted supernatural thriller/mystery. Of all the different Anime with the element of time travel that I've seen, this one is definitely my favorite one.. . Openings, Endings and the Soundtrack overall are just perfect, I'm always impressed with the production team of this anime because they don't miss absolutely anything.. . I could write ...
bruh 100/10. imagine a story where the characters fight against fascism within the world of monsters, while also trying to break the prejudice between monsters and humans. This is more than just an anime. . The characters are also all cool and have their own developments. I confess that my favorite is Anubis, but it's impossible for you not to like them all. If you give this a chance, i promise you won't regret it. . I definitely loved this universe, at times i even cried because it contained such fascinating and beautiful stories. I do not regret anything !!!. . btw, about anime art, i think they could have ...
As usual with preliminary reviews this is subject to change based on how the rest of the series goes, but so far this is a highlight of the season and it has a lot of potential to be very good.. . These first 3 episodes definitely take a more show and don't tell approach, choosing to slowly introduce you into the world and the lore without revealing too much about the characters or plot. It's been very effective at getting you to want to know more about everything going on and why the world is the way it is. The plot follows Rouge as she wants ...
This anime is literally the hidden gem of the season, a story of training, growth and adventure that mixes various stereotypes, overturning them and exploiting them in its own way to create a story which focuses mainly on adventure, fighting and its incredible characters. The animation is of a good standard and well cared for, the graphics are solid, as is the character design, excellent music, in particular the Opening masterpiece which was created to perfection.. The characters are currently interested and already from the opening lines of the work, at least for these three episodes we already begin to give them depth.
OK. The music didn't have to go THIS hard like damn.. . It's as if you took Carole and Tuesday, and gave it some Cyberpunk flavor, and you've got this as a result. A result that while takes a moment to really kick in, but as made for a quality product from start to finish. Sure, it's not without it's flaws, but it'll be one the good animes of the season no doubt.. . Story and characters: 8. I will say, the story takes a good moment to get going. It really does, but once it does, your interest will be peaked, and you'll want to see more. But what ...
Usually, I like to do my reviews in more categories, but this anime is too special for that, and I will focus on only two things, those being:. . Soundtrack:. From start to finish, this entire series has a soundtrack that fits it better than any other anime out there. Even if it does tend to repeat itself, the melodies and chimes you will hear throughout will charm you, or sadden you to the point where you are on the verge of tears. I cannot put in to words how amazing it was to experience this soundtrack, along with the:. . Story:. Instead of ...
Surprisingly really good!. . . To better explain the premise.... _______. This is Chibis and mecha battles in purgatory-like world and collect "Quiam" which gives people memories from past life that work like currency or price for winning, but there are also risks of losing and memories disappearing again. When collecting enough Quiam, you can return to the living world.. . And we follow a girl with suspicious robot head partner in these mecha battles.. _______. . ...
Welcome MAL users,this review is to answer all of your questions one by one that will clear your dilemma.. 1. Can we watch it? Yes you can if you don't hate harem genre especially mixed in with the spice of ecchi tag.. 2. Is it worth the watch? Well if you judge a book by it's cover, you will miss the contents of it whether it is good or bad and regret will occur when some other person tells you that you missed something you shouldn't have.. 3. "It is for those people who have weird fetishes and for men who like to ...
TLDR: RECOMMENDED. . Thoughts:. A mature take on relationship that is not afraid to deconstruct it's troupe and premise, just two soul longing for comfort and reset in life in order to move forward. Truly an amazing and simple work that doesnt over stay its welcome but gave enough time to give its message.. . Animation & Music (10/10):. This is Wit Studio masterworks with colors combine with one of the best music out there, Starting with a PERFECT Opening and Ending song. It capture the duality of the story both mood and lyrics. Chico and Aimer perfectly represent this with soothing and pumping lyrics. I am amaze how unskippable ...
If one were to describe this show in one word, the best would probably be 'charming.' The main character is someone with whom one can learn to appreciate the fleeting time one has on the earth, and learn what truly matters in life. Very few animes have the sort of weight that Frieren has in that regard. This show makes watchers love the characters presented, each with their own insecurities and strengths. each character is unique, and has an original backstory that is set apart and independent of the main character's.. . In a genre of media so often filled with "fan-service" and a sub-genre even more ...
After the first episode i wasn't sure how the comedy would be later.. Now that I've watched 3 episodes I am happy with the way its going. I think the pacing and the quality of the comedy is pretty good.. The 2 main characters have a fun dynamic together.. My only problem is that it feels like this show has a "6.5 rated show" production. The creativity is there for it to be a 7.5 show but it just feels cheap in a way. Tesco budget Love is War.. If you get over the fact that it LOOKS like a bad show and you give it a ...
The drawing is not as bad as it was portrayed by the fans, and the drama is light and beautiful, with an important factor, coincidence, which Oda frequently employs. I believe that one of his distinguishing features as a writer is that he is the only one who excels at (deliberately exaggerating coincidences) as a factor in which it appears that man frequently advances in life through coincidences. It may not make sense to some, but it is a part we face directly in our lives.. Also the characters are those that stimulate the chance factor, simple-minded characters that are comedic at the same time.. . . Overall, I ...
story:. The anime has a good and interesting story that focuses on an overpowered female protagonist who tries to live a peaceful life, which is different from other Isekai female protagonists who mainly focus on escaping the red flags of doom. We had around 10 similar stories. I have already read both the LN and manga, so I have to say the story in the Akuyaku Reijou Level 99 is not rushed and includes many important points, not like in other Isekai anime, for example: I will survive using Potion, which I'm a huge fan of both light novels and manga, but for me, ...
Approx 1 minute 55 seconds into the movie, the karate dude who got beat up didn't have his shadows animated for a couple frames, and when he walks off screen he disappears before he reaches the edge of the frame 😭. However, I will give credit where it's due; the animation style is actually quite interesting, I haven't seen anything quite like it. It's also one of the first old OVAs that animates blinking, but it's not consistent.. . In terms of adult content, I'm glad it's not overly sexual, just violence and action.. . Confusing as the story may be, it sure is a fun watch. ...
This show is absolute insanity, but I cannot look away.. . (Story: 7/10). Sasaki, a middle-aged man who has dedicated his entire life to the cold struggle of a corporate workplace, finds himself wishing to change his way of life be adopting a pet bird on a whim. Unfortunately for his sense of normalcy, said feathered friend is actually a legendary mage from another world, soon dragging his new ‘owner’ into an almost isekai-esque fantasy world to shake things up. Things only grow even more complex as Sasaki realises he is not the only human to possess supernatural abilities, throwing viewers for a loop right when they thought ...
Came for the chuuka-fuu aesthetics, stayed for the content.. . Despite being set in a medieval Eastern world, the anime had very modern plot and presentation. The story would perfectly fit into any era and premise. Still, Chuuka-fuu aesthetics added a refreshing touch with unique character designs and costumes, setting it apart from other “traditional” fantasies. (The last chuuka-style anime was probably _Saiunkoku Monogatari_ over a decade ago?). . Stripping away the Chukka elements, it’d be easier for us to identify creators’ thoughtfulness that contributed to the success of this anime.. . The story was a blend of mystery and romance at its core, a popular combination in mystery light ...
It's a very Lovely romance animation for the new year in 2024.. I was more immersed because the male lead voice actor's English and German pronunciation was good.. All the characters in the work are lovely, cute, and pretty, so you can watch it with a smile.. It's a new work, so I'm looking for a comic book because I'm curious about the back story. It's such a lovely and exciting story. It's as sweet and soft as cotton candy.. . I am a sick person who falls in love in one second when I see a handsome person.. So I fell in love with the male lead.. (Of course, i know ...
Okay, people around me referred to this one as a 'tear-jerker'. I was hoping it'd jerk some tears, but aside from making me think about some complex emotional development stuff it didn't really struck me as a sad series.. I was most captivated by the calmer parts of the anime, where the gang was indulging in the 'silly and goofy adventures'. Just the traveling, getting to know each other and getting to know oneself, arriving at new and diverse towns and cities, discovering weird monster/animal hybrid species was the premise I had hoped to be the main focus. The epic shounen-like setpiece here and there ...
One of the most gorgeously animated films of all time, remarkable pacing, and never a dull moment. The perfect way to expand on the beloved masterpiece of a series. This movie is action packed, and filled to the brim with both exciting and beautifully choreographed fight sequences, it will amaze, surprise, and amuse it's audience, with it's compelling plot and wildly entertaining characters. While the story isn’t perfect and kind of ends abruptly, it is well worth your time and energy. Its soundtrack is astounding as you would expect if you watched the series. I'm so glad I got the chance to see it in ...
It's a fun and action-packed experience, with a great combination of humor and drama. The characters are all well-developed and entertaining, and the story is unique and engaging. The animation quality is also top-notch, with fluid fights and engaging environments. The soundtrack adds a ton of personality and atmosphere to the series. In summary, JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Golden Wind is a must-watch for anyone looking for a thrilling and entertaining anime experience.. . I would definitely recommend Jojo's Bizarre Adventure: Golden Wind to those looking for a fun and entertaining anime. The characters are all well-developed and relatable, and the story is unique and intriguing. The animation ...
Hayao Miyazaki, saying goodbye to his viewers whom he considers as grandchildren, is a narcissism that I didn't expect to break my heart this badly.. . The Boy and the Heron, is Miyazaki's movie that needs the most context. The most personal. An Endgame for Studio Ghibli. A personal message that those who weren't raised on his tales may not understand.. . But for those of us who found a friend in Totoro. For those of us who fantasize about seeing Laputa when looking up at the sky. For those of us who can't wait to grow up like Kiki. For those of us who fell in love with ...
Immersive experience , at first I thought this was one of those mass produced garbage isekai anime but I was quite wrong. The story is unique and takes a few, lets say interesting turns as the story progresses but it keeps us entertained with the plot twists and the character development. Honestly would recommend to some more experienced anime enjoyers, maybe not so much for begginers.. Extremely good story overall enjoyed it alot.. . One of the more disturbing factors is how the main character is extremely horny all the time it sometimes catches you off guard and messes with the story. Other than that all the ...
First of all, this is not the typical rom-com anime. Heck, this should be classified as slice of life rather than romance.. If you can manage your expectation for this as a slice of life, then you might be able to enjoy this show.. . In my opinion, I actually enjoyed the interaction with other "forgettable characters". It's a bit "realistic", thus justifies the title of the show. This anime shows a boy's perspective on his sudden realization that he was previously cringe, and now he is changing his ways and maturing ever so slowly.. . If you're looking forward to a cliché romance anime then this might disappoint you... ...
Hunter x Hunter is like a lot of its contemporaries. The protagonist is straight forward and not a genius. Friendship and community are key to overcoming many obstacles. Healing is as much of a theme as fighting. What sets Hunter x Hunter apart from its contemporaries is Togashi's quality of writing. The characters drive the plot forward immediately. It's well paced especially since it chooses to shorten what would be lengthy, drawn out battles to show the best bits and move on with the story.. . This adaptation of the manga takes a lot of cues from the manga, which is what makes it such a ...
After watching 8 episodes of solo leveling i can probably say this show is not weekly to watch for anime watchers who are impatient. As this show takes its sweet to progress because upto chapter 45-46 there was only sung jin woo grind to reach to a level where he gets that power he will be given in episode 12 because thats a big revelation of his power. And what A1 pictures are trying to do is to set the characters for future cour 2 of season 1 if they announces immediately after cour 1. And people might find it annoying that why to ...
Hunter x Hunter, a brilliant gem in the vast universe of anime, stands as a testament to the unparalleled artistry and storytelling prowess of Yoshihiro Togashi. This series transcends the boundaries of the shonen genre, weaving an intricate narrative that explores the depths of human nature, friendship, and the relentless pursuit of self-discovery.. . From the very first episode, Hunter x Hunter captivates its audience with a unique and immersive world. Togashi's world-building is nothing short of spectacular, introducing us to the Hunter Exam – a challenging and perilous journey that sets the stage for the epic adventures that follow. The carefully crafted universe is populated with ...
One Piece stands as a monumental testament to the power of storytelling in the realm of anime, captivating audiences worldwide with its boundless imagination, intricate plotlines, and an ensemble of memorable characters. As a devoted fan, it's genuinely exhilarating to delve into the multifaceted world Eiichiro Oda has crafted, and I find myself compelled to share the reasons why this anime has not only endured the test of time but continues to reign supreme in the hearts of its admirers.. . First and foremost, One Piece's narrative brilliance lies in its intricate world-building. The Grand Line, the Red Line, and the myriad of islands, each with its ...
I'll make it short and sweet, SHOJO IS BACK WHEEEO!. . . For years the genre was infiltrated by trash fetish writing, and romance becoming very male audience oriented, I'd given up on getting anything as close to Yubisaki to Renren, it's tiring corny and cringe when writers think romance between characters needs to be 'plotified', as if two people need some kind of gimmick to fall in love, Yubisaki to Renren is classic show don't tell straight to the point, the animation is incredible, the monologues don't numb my brain, the main isn't some ditzy unaware archetype...I'll probably update this as more episodes release because I ...
Appleseed is a good but not particularly memorable and short OVA about a dystopian police state, but one that has a strangely compelling subtext for what it is. The story, taken at face value, is very basic. However, it manages to have a little subtlety and moral ambiguity that makes it pretty interesting and a villain with a legitimate point. Overall, it’s easy to recommend this OVA, even if it’s nothing stellar.. . To get it out of the way, yes, the story is nothing to write home about and has been done many times before and better. It’s a typical buddy cop deal with Deunan, the ...
Higurashi is very unique in that it immerses us into its own world. It cleverly evokes fear, shock, anxiety and also disgust but then sets the time back forcing us to plunge into the disturbing plot again. Some story arcs unfold as slow-burning tension, while others are frenetic bloodbaths. This diversity keeps us perpetually on edge, preventing any chance of settling into a predictable viewing pattern. Every arc moves further into the greater mystery of Hinamizawa, which both draws us in to uncover these secrets and also makes us afraid at what may emerge.. . At the same time, Higurashi’s greatest strength is the way it makes ...
I recently saw Gintama, a show that I had been avoiding for a long time. However, my delay turned out to be a blessing because I could binge watch the whole thing without interruption. I must say that I liked it. The characters are endearing and likable, and the humor is one of its greatest strengths.. . The only downside is that it tries to introduce a serious plot, which is not as entertaining as the comedy. The serious arcs are not very good and sometimes detract from the show's overall quality. The transition from comedy to seriousness is problematic and feels forced.. . Gintama is not for everyone, ...
"The Duke of Death and His Maid" offers a refreshing take on the romance anime genre, providing viewers with a unique and engaging story. The series introduces us to interesting characters who add depth and charm to the narrative.. . One of the standout features of the anime is its ability to balance romance with a touch of ecchi. The show teases the audience with playful moments without crossing into explicit territory, keeping the tone light-hearted and entertaining. This approach adds a layer of humor and anticipation, making it suitable for a wider audience.. . The animation in "The Duke of Death and His Maid" is commendable, showcasing quality ...
This anime knows how to keep me on the edge of my seat and give me heart palpitations due to its intensity (but I love it!). The character development was lovely to see and I enjoyed how the designs of the characters came to be also. Seeing the characters grow and develop really meant a lot to me after witnessing them in season 1 and I feel astho the anime managed to do them justic.. . Good points:. - Art Style. - Unpredictability of what will happen next. - Satisfying ending. - Good balance of happy moments and intense moments. . Bad points:. - I have brief questions about the odd tiny detail ...
Soul Eater is unmistakably itself. It is incredibly well-known, and has had a distinct cultural impact beyond the space of those who watch anime in the first place. I would even argue that it is primarily an aesthetic experience, one which is propelled by a maverick art direction and sound design which allows what would otherwise be pretty standard shonen fare to stand out from the crowd. Its colors pop, its music is surreal and gripping, and its character designs are complicated and laden with meaning, but at the end of the day all of this doesn't change what it is at its core- a ...
I can literally write a two-page rant on how Akito’s action can’t be justified just because your mother genuinely loved your father and not you. Sure, she has a horrible mom and shitty environment, but who isn’t in the fruits basket world? At least you're getting treated like a princess and loved by 13 cute animals. But people you are tormenting and stabbing got it worse. The worst part is no one ever held her accountable properly for her shitty act. They all went with that toxic flow in the name of bond. Even after the curse was over, did anyone even expressed a bit ...
Kiki was the first film I watched from Studio Ghibli, and I'm proud that it was the first, and it is highly recommended by me (even though I'm nobody) for being a light and easy-to-understand film, for those who have already seen it, perhaps agree that this is a good film as an introduction to Studio Ghibli films, if you don't agree I respect your opinion. As much as we have a somewhat clichéd concept of witches, if we take into account the issue of Burnout, or disillusionment, or even last resort withdrawal, it is a good film to help us know what we can ...
in the beginning i thought i will be skipping this title, but after seeing random clips of it on tt, ig, etc. i was convinced and oh boy! i'm glad i picked up this show because it turned out better than i really thought. don't let the animation to fool you (you've been spoiled by jjk, ds and more...) IT IS FANTASTIC SHOW. the characters, the gags and comedic elements, the drama and the despair, all of it is in this show. i love our main duo, they're the best. and the final episode? i was sobbing. you thought it's gonna be about superpowered mc? ...
For me this anime is one the most underrated animes oat its Beautiful and funny and dramatic It got me excited after every episode the animation is good the story is good the characters exempt the main one is good. I didn't like the main character because hes so hesitant and It is easy for him to lose confidence in himself but i like the way he was trying to protect his gf and by speaking about his gf oh shit its one of my favorite waifu she's georges and confident and loyal for her love one. . This anime is really really good snd idk ...
Now this is unexpected.. . Unexpected in how good this story actually is. As we've seen a number of shows, where they try to escape the red flags of doom, or don't care and flaunt and flash their OPness to the world. Or even those that seem real generic, that you just roll your eyes and look away. Sure, the context of story might be decent, but you've seen it a number of times before, and each time it gets less and less interesting. This on the other hand, adds an interesting twist to the product, which makes it far more enjoyable as a product, then it ...
Jujutsu Kaisen is hands down the best fighting anime I've probably watched in a while, and I'm not exaggerating here! Although it starts differently from how season 1 ended, they've quickly linked up how that relates later. There's always action going on, and with the ongoing changes to the background, I find it hard to believe the animators did this on their own! The world of jujutsu will always fascinate you with how different characters are despite their similar concepts.. . Once you enter the main course, it's a long ride from there, with twists and turns at every corner. Everyone has a role, and they realize ...
Three episodes in, I am enjoying the adaption of one of my favorite manga series. Trigger really is a good pick for this. At first I had my doubts, considering Trigger usually is more known for their action-heavy shows that it was hard for me to see how they'd handle a more slower-paced series like Dungeon Meshi. Then I found out they animated one of the promos for the Manga. If I remember it was the promo for volume 9. Guess it they were just a natural pick at that point.. . Anyways. Episode 3 is definitely the most Trigger ...
A peak of magical girl genre. Thanks to all gods we have uncensored version (boobs are drawn as god intended). If you ever wanted to watch something exciting and beautiful this is it.. . The fall of protagonist, the way she is conscripted, blackmailed and nudged to the "dark side" - perfection. This is The Art.. . As they say you don't need a story for porn but there should be one. It is not much different for ecchi/erotic works. Requirement for ecchi story are somewhat higher and author certainly deliver it. He have minimum focus on unnecessary stuff - why the girls fight and what exactly this ...
One thing that's appreciated with the adaptation of this story arc, which is a prelude to the Hades saga, is that it's much more faithful to the manga than the classic series, although it takes its creative liberties, of course.. . The work is very well directed, with spectacular moments that made many love returning to the series after so many years.. . And although the mechanics of the 12 temples arch are repeated here, it has a foundation, a reason, and it makes it feel much more exciting.. . Sure, there are some things that have to be blamed on the mangaka for certain decisions he makes in this saga ...
When you watch this series you will notice that it has several themes of the harem and romantic comedy genre, but what makes it so special?. . To begin with, the characters have well-defined personalities, without being one-dimensional.. And the protagonist is not the typical cardboard character that everyone falls in love with just for being nice, but he's unique and the motivations of how everyone can get along are correctly justified.. . It's true that the plot of being a tutor who teaches lazy girls in the studio has already been explored before with Bokutachi wa Benkyou ga Dekinai, and although that work stands out in comedy, there's also ...
Season 1 is probably still the best however this season 3 is close 2nd everything was done very well even the pace was incredible . For the people who felt disappointed with season 2 which was really disappointing . The 3rd season near the quality of the 1 season I recommend you giving it a chance. This season is more about the other characters growth which is quite interesting and also about botch aweful deals . It easy to be manipulated by women. Since the ideal of women as positive trust into it. This season was thrilling and suspenseful. It just makes you want more ...
It’s been a while since I rated some show 10 and I think this is perfect opportunity.. . Paris sequel does perfect job in matching pace, depth of the story, character development and overall feeling of first part. It’s always hard when authors make good first series to keep that same quality or even surpass it. I perssonally got high expectations after watching "vanilla" series and my expectations were satisfied.. . STORY: 9/10. This time plot revolves more around Chiaki and Nodame relationship as a "lovers". Irony simply because it’s really atypical love relationship and really fun one as well. It doesn’t mean there is no depth in it ...
finally. definitely something new. a fresh breath. lets eat the dungeon monsters tonight, bon apetit! fine art style, solid animations, tasty slimes, a cookbook: monsters edition, gordon ramsay dwarf, young karen, pickpocket kid, and a hungry man (very hungry). a journey which takes us immediately from the start. but not like cliche fantasy series. because, in this serie, everyone, everytime, everywhere, they are hungry, but... in a dungeon. amazing. just amazing.. . a bit like isekai ojisan-san vibes in both style and plot. but nothing else to say, apart from this delicious looking anime.. . should watch, and if you are hungry, must watch.
Memories is as robot carnival is as neo tokyo. They're all sets of 3 stories with different styles and genres, though all remaining sci-fi, and all completely brilliant. In terms of direction, story, art, etc it's mostly amazing.. . I'll admit I did like the first episode the best, because horror is my favorite genre. The art was some of the most creative and incredible that I've seen, the acting was pretty great, and the story had my attention in a death grip the whole time. There's nothing I'd critique tbh.. . As for the second one, well I guess I just don't like "black humour" as ...
"Remember us. Remember... that we lived.". . Terror in Resonance is an amazing show. On the surface, it is about terrorism, and while largely focused on the topic, it also tells a story of manipulation and humanity. In the beginning, it seems to be a hyped up story about two teenagers who commit mass acts of terrorism. Quickly, though, the viewer realises that the story does not depict them as senseless terrorists; to them, the bombs are a means to an end, one which does not involve needless loss of life.. . Nine and Twelve are more similar than they initially seem to be. Their personalities are opposites, but ...
I gave this score after watching Hormiya and Horimiya:piece in chronological order, and it was even a more memorable experience than watching Horimiya for the first time. More scenes about all the members so we can get to know their characters better, more interactions, more memorable moments. Even though some people thought there were some moments that were unnecessary or too extended etc, I still liked it and enjoyed it.. I hope Horimiya and Horimiya:piece are made into a unified series so that we don't have to watch episodes back to back (like I did).. Overall, I don't know why this series hit me so ...
I gave this score after watching Hormiya and Horimiya:piece in chronological order, and it was even a more memorable experience than watching Horimiya for the first time. More scenes about all the members so we can get to know their characters better, more interactions, more memorable moments. Even though some people thought there were some moments that were unnecessary or too extended etc, I still liked it and enjoyed it.. I hope Horimiya and Horimiya:piece are made into a unified series so that we don't have to watch episodes back to back (like I did).. Overall, I don't know why this series hit me so ...
I actually liked this anime a lot more than I thought I would. It’s one of those 12-13 episode having series that plays with your heart and makes you feel empty because you finished it. I thought the art was really pretty and the gift having concepts was actually pretty cool. I thought it would be like a slice of life typical romance, however there was action in it as well. The main character has been through so much with her family and it’s really nice seeing her able to be rebuild as a human that can be allowed to feel more than just sadness. ...
Damn, this anime really left me with a lot of hope and is easily one of the most uplifting series you can watch.. . I thought that the anime wouldn't be any too crazy about 6 episodes in, but damn after episode 7, it continues to get better and better. The characters grow and I feel the character building is easily the strongest part of this series. Each character has a role and purpose and no one is ever cast aside as just some side character. That isn't to say there are no issues. Biggest issue has to be that some characters are brought up early ...
Pretty standard sci-fi fare for the time, with giant monsters and Tetsujin-type giant robots. Decent for what it is, but with only an hour runtime. Miyazaki worked on this anime, and you can tell by the art style, especially the main heroine who unfortunately appears for only the last 20 minutes. Character and plot development is minimal, and the film could've benefitted from an extra 30 minutes. Compared to anime just a few years ago, the animation is great and looks more like anime would in the 70s. There's an environmentalist or anti-capitalist message in this film, but because of the short runtime it's hard ...
Eng: First time watching Mob Psycho 100!. I couldn't expect anything less from ONE, I already loved One Punch Man, I was hoping I would love this anime too and that's exactly what happened! A very interesting and fun story, the comedy at the right point, incredible characters and freebies, you still gain valuable life lessons, for sure, an incredible anime!! The opening of this season isn't even mentioned... I've had it in my head for days!. . Watch it even with your eyes closed, this work will continue to be WONDERFUL, I just won't give it a 10 because I missed more scenes with Reigen, known as ...
A charming 60s anime film. It's quite similar to style other animated children films of the 1960s, including Disney. It's actually not an adaption of Gulliver's travel, but more like a kind of sequel, featuring an old Gulliver as a major (but not the main) character, many years after his original adventures. It is a dream-like adventure movie where the heroes travel through space in a rocket on their way to the Blue Star of Hope. The message of the film is that you should never give up, no matter how dark life seems. It was clearly intended for children, which explains the many extended ...
Well, this was... an experience for certain... that I think every anime enjoyer should experience this one at least once. Yes, the Animation is choppy and quite hard to watch at times, HOWEVER, I'm not going to lie... I wish that we got a better anime for Nora as I honestly think she could have been an interesting character. For anyone wanting to watch but doesn't want to suffer the animation, watch at two times the speed... here is the link- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_UFs2BUiBQ&ab_channel=NerdRush.. . Overall 2/10. 1 point for Nora (poor Nora for being in such a show) and 1 point for the cave dancing scene.
Sousou no Frieren is a show that has been absolutely amazing so far, and it deserves all of the positive attention that it has gotten this past season.. . This show has an amazing start. It is a combination of great characters, OST, the OPs and ED are both perfect for the show, on top of breathtaking art and a cool story to unravel. The first couple episodes alone are some of the best anime episodes I have probably ever seen, leading me to think that it may naturally drop off after a little while. To my surprise, the quality continued and I found myself only wanting ...
*Note: While this review does not have spoilers for Sotsu, it does have major spoilers for Gou.*. . tl;dr: Slow moving and with an ending that is quite bizarre, but still enough worthwhile content to be pretty good.. . Higurashi Sotsu is the sequel to Gou, and could be seen as the answer arcs to it. However, while the Question/Answer arc structure worked well for the original Higurashi, it does not work as well for Gou/Sotsu. The original’s answer arcs were interesting in that for the most part, they didn’t retread old material much but rather solved the mysteries of the question arcs while going through new stories. However, ...
Hey folks, this will be my review for Mashle. It's pretty good.. . The story revolves around a guy named Mash who cant do magic. This is a problem because magic is everything in this society. So much so that those who are not marked(cant do magic) are killed. One day Mash is discovered and given a choice, either run and be hunted for his entire life, or attend a magic school and become a Divine Visionary. Divine Visionary's are like the leaders of the magical world and can change how society functions.. . I think the story starts off really well, it has plenty of comedy ...
An entire season not only with the volleyball court as it's soul setting, but also dedicated to 1 single match. Keeping hold of the intensity for 10 whole episodes what would on avarage last roughly 2 hours is no easy feat, and Haikyuu s3 accomplishes this to perfection. . So far this is most likely the season that'll be enjoyed the most by any sports lover as it has the highest focus on the match itself, but this is definitely not only for the fans of sports, the hype, passion, and character connections built up over the past 2 seasons make this match an immersive binge worthy experience ...
Black Lagoon is an action-filled show that has a convincing and believable plot about a businessman who becomes part of the delivery team. The quality of animation is good, the action sequences are well done and easy to follow. The sound design is also praiseworthy. The cast of characters is colorful and fascinating, each with a past that shapes their behavior. In particular, Revy is an outstanding character with a tragic background behind her actions. Its coolness and high replay value make it a must-see for fans of the genre. Yet, some of the audience might be disappointed by the shortness of the show since ...
Solo Leveling, a fantastical tale set in the modern world, is reminiscent of the isekai genre. Gates suddenly appearing bring creatures into the world, much like Mahoraga. In response, people transform into hunters to close these gates and eliminate the monsters. The protagonist, Sung Jin-Woo, starts as an "E-rank" hunter, but a mysterious event empowers him, receiving a power-up without the need for finger-eating.. . CHOTTO MATTE KUDASAI! Solo Leveling has been a highly anticipated and attention-grabbing anime. Visually, it's outstanding. I can already imagine how fantastic the episodes beyond the first three will be (and rest assured, the main character doesn't split into two pieces).. . Solo Leveling ...
ODA Sensei Proved Again Why he is THE GOAT!. . This Spin Off was FIRE!!. At first i was a little bit worried about the ANIMATIONS and ARTSTYLE but after Watching it. The Only Complaint i have is that i wanted MORE!!... The good part about Animations is that they were Great at the Points they needed to Be Great... . Also the Story behind Flare and how her past was portrayed here was also very good that it makes you hate those two Fools even more. . Back to back Reveals were Awesome and specially the Last Reveal "RYUMA THE KING" was Unexpected and Shocking.. also the Last scene ...
SAAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBBBBEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRR.. . Ahem, now I've gotta that out the way, though can you really not see anything else within the first few moments, anything different? But in context, this anime is so much more than a simple gag.. . Story and characters: 7. There is a mix here, and it's mixed together really well. Like this gives me Konosuba vibes in the sense of having a serious setting, a serious looking world, but then you fill it with nothing but humor and gags for the most part. While there are elements of seriousness laid within the show itself. Its real characteristic touch is more through it's many fun gags, which ...
A lot of similarly themed anime fall into obscurity for a reason. An earthquake destroys the city, everything falls into chaos, and some group comes together to save the day. The thing that separates this from all the meh stuff is the interesting ish and somewhat unique characters. The art is pretty damn good for 1993, and the animation is mostly smooth and nice looking. I think the background music was decent, as it didn't distract from the film like a lot of those 90s soundtracks do. The English dub also isn't half bad. There's not really any nudity, and violence is minimal, but I ...
As a 26 year-old who thought she was past watching school-centric romance + slice of life, and whose goldfish-like attention span often makes her frustrated watching a media with slow pace and little to no major conflict, Sasaki to Miyano completely changed those assumptions I had about myself.. . But most importantly: it made me believe in love again. Romance is NOT dead.. . [Characters: 9 for great]. . Let's start with the best element of Sasaki to Miyano, okay? The characters.. . At first glance, our leads—Sasaki and Miyano—seem like your typical feminine-looking uke with tiny body and masculine-looking seme with tall height. Well, 50% of the time, those are what they ...
Not as "horror" as you would expect. It has its spooky moments, but don't expect to be terrified. Has many "look at this characters big jiggly boobs" moments so keep that in mind too. Overall a fun watch with a surprising amount of feel good moments. The premise of "girl sees spooky thing and tries not to react" does run a little dry quite quickly, but the way she navigates through different scenarios and her growth through it is quite well done. Not sure if I would say the reactions are always realistic or even relatable, but maybe she is just a stronger person than ...
(update upon completion). . Unwanted Undead Adventurer is a role model of an anime "playing on the safe side". There was absolutely nothing unpleasant or controversial - the anime just focused on telling the story of a nice guy (and nice people around him). The risk, of course, is that the anime may come across as boring or forgettable for some viewers. I'd recommend it to anyone looking for an easy-to-watch and relaxing adventure anime, but not to those who want an adrenaline-filled experience.. . (preliminary review at ep.3). . This is a distinct adventure anime compared to other light novel adaptions.. . Right from ep.1, main character Rentt’s made extensive ...
This is my first time writing a review here so, I'll try my best to write a good review.. . Vinland Saga Season 2 is probably the best season of any anime I've seen so far. This season isn't fast paced and lacks action as compared to season 1, but that's not what this season is focus on. This season is more focus on redemption, atonement and salvation. As compared to season 1, this season is masterclass in storytelling and character development. And we literally have an incredible character development of Thorfinn in this season. I love this season so much and I'd be lying if I ...
THE MC IS A GIRL THAT IS ACTUALLY RELATABLE AND NOT DUMB!. This anime is HILARIOUS, from the title one would think its a boring "hi i am a doctor from poor background who open a clinic" but its basically a DETECTIVE anime in disguise with some fan service which is actually funny.. it somewhat relies on the watchers intellect as it does not always specify jokes and references (especially brothel and sex jokes which it has plenty of). The PACING is very good and the ANIMATION is great. Definitely give this anime a try if you are interested in Medicine/biology/plants/detective/Chinese culture/plot/or ...
All generic isekai tropes with MC and cheat skill plus unapologetic boob power with indiscriminate violence and death. Unmotivated (or just plain "you die today and I live another day" thing) animalistic violence, those kids have no idea what the hell is the compassion is. Not sure how much you need to watch isekai stuff to appreciate this kind of humor, but it is fun to watch man plow through everything.. . There is probably some cheap cop out that skills that they get in return take their humanity or something of this kind. Usual abnormal background of MC that gave him his ability is what supposedly ...
The Hokkaido gal is indeed super adorable.. from the animation,the music and the characters everything radiates so much sunshine and happiness.. A romance anime with little to no tense,give us so much time to enjoy the wholesomeness of this anime.. The story also start in a very simple way instead of some absurd and complicated way, just some fine people meet another fine people.. The animation is good and serene.. The characters are filled with a nice boy and girls with big "assets" with even bigger hearts.. The plot is thin but the main point of interest is to show the warmness of lovey dovey moment between a newcomer and his ...
When you're thousands of years old, how do you perceive time and relationships? Sousou no Frieren tells this story through the lens of a thousand y/o Elf AFTER the major adventure and battle with her fellow adventurers. The story starts at the end, as she retraces her steps she took with her old group. As she continues this journey a second time, she recontextualizes her experiences. She truly begins understand the fragility of her relationships and those precious moments that she overlooked because of her unique perception of time. Sousou no Frieren is masterful in steady storytelling and worldbuilding. There's so many little details that ...
BEST VILLAINESS ANIME EVER. . This anime IS the best villainess anime ever produced right now, this is not an overstatement (at least atm with 3 ep). This anime fly under my radar completely at first, but then i saw its score and need to check it out, and it went over my expectation. Everything went well going for it, and masterfully done all the way.. . *RECOMMEND FOR*: Directing, Character, and World building. Here's the review:. . First of all, don't mind the title/gimmick much. The title/gimmick while is at play at first, it dim down a lot through the series. However, it still recall back to it masterfully ...
"Death Note" is what I would consider one of the greatest anime out there.. . Not only does the anime implement great elements of mystery and suspense, this sensation is only further enhanced by its masterfully employed OST as well as closeups of characters. What the series does especially well is the implementation of inner monologue, often accompanied by a change in music, tone and visuals.. . One of the anime's strengths lies in its exploration of the moral implications of absolute power. The search for domination and the psychological battles between the two protagonists are intellectually stimulating, keeping viewers on the edge of their seats. "Death Note" excels ...
If u like touhou u will like this (hopefully) its funny and it recaps some of the games, it also develops on the personalities of the characters if u are into fanon. . If u don't kno Touhou, I feel as though the episode layouts may b confusing, nd overall u might just not get some of the jokes, but I would recommend givin it a try anyways as the episodes are quite short so u wont be wasting much time if u don't end up enjoying it. . My overall rating is based off my personal enjoyment as i love Touhou lol
"Another" is a captivating anime that seamlessly blends elements of horror and mystery to create an exciting narrative.. . One of its standout features is its atmospheric and suspenseful tone. The anime itself is great at building tension and keeping the viewers on the edge of their seats, continuously anticipating the next event. The music is not only great but it also significantly enhances the viewing experience. Combined with the characters and their secrets, it only adds to the overall sense of mystery. Furthermore, the anime's use of said elements adds to the unsettling and unpredictable atmosphere.. . The pacing is quite fast with each episode revealing ...
I adore Chise and Elias, I love the dub and everything about the show. The school direction is an interesting one and didn't fall into the 'trope trap' like I thought it would. However, the pacing of this particular section of this season is questionable. If you can deal with that this is more from the world and people you love.. . Positives. Everything I loved about this show remains, and as I say I think the dub is phenomenal. While it would be interesting to see how outsiders react to Chise and Elias more I greatly enjoyed what we got to see. The supporting cast also really ...
At the start of the 2023rd year of our Lord, SILVER LINK. gave us a sequel to the fairly well-received Misfit of Demon King Academy anime.. . I’m gonna be straight with you, dog. It’s not great. That’s not to say it’s bad. It’s just not great. There’s nothing really new or interesting added, all the same conflicts and tropes from the first season get rehashed and reused, which wouldn’t even be that big of a deal if they were somehow still kept fun, à la Die Hard 2 or Taken 2, but what we get instead is something more along the lines of Speed 2 or ...
Just waooo, how forwards we moved that we can now offically watch Masochist Girl enjoying. . The unique story line goes arround villange girl who enjoys hitting in ecchi way to magical girls. . I love expession how she make in every episode. . The way she torches is bit pleasing, I have to say its one of only few anime where female is lead i am watching it. . Totally with high quality animation, with good funny scence . I totally recommond you to watch. . ...
This is one of the anime which will go un notice but it has more potential then what it is. . Story - whithout spoiler it got one of the unique story where demon long is on vacation , spending his sweet time watch panda . The tings goes arround with hero and his army is funny. Believe me it got more then what it looks . I just gave it try and it kept hold of me throughout the episode. . Animation- It got everything what it required . Its bit sharp and smooth colour and backgroung. . Potentional - Its funny to watch him as he meet ...
Too early Judge. . I know many people who read the manhua will say its lagendary as we completed it. . But the main question is where anime stands. . As its began First thing i noticed is pacing its too detailed and slow. Second , Its holds the potential but we still need to witness the moments where MC gets his special ability and how he uses it. . Also the animation is stunning but at the same time I am still concerened how they gonna a exicute the peak moments ( people who read the manhua will understand ). . ...
Trapped in a dating Sim is a GREAT anime. Think of the Star Ocean games but an Isekai with it's own original spin and that's what you get with this series. I think there might have been some inspiration because it has tons of similarities with the star ocean franchise. They're both SCI-FI Dungeon crawler games with dating sims in them and tough boss fights scattered throughout the main plot. That's probably what makes it so good.. . This style of formula feels really fun and fresh and the main character, Leon, is extremely arrogant and cocky and he's completely unapologetic about his behavior and it's ...
This is a five-second clip of a boy writing that was made in the 1900s, so I'll try my best to make this an outstanding review.. It could be up to your imagination of what the plot is, but it's just a boy writing on the board and then bowing toward the audience. The animation is fluent behind frames though there isn't much color which isn't a big deal for what year this came out.. This animation is a quick watch so if you want to add another anime to your watch list and you don't want to have to watch an anime with a ...
It's a lighthearted and quirky spinoff that manages to balance humor and serious themes with ease. The character interactions are entertaining and engaging, and the comedy is on-point. The animation style is also very fitting and charming. The story feels a bit light in comparison to the main series, but it still manages to keep things interesting. Overall, Attack On Titan: Junior High is a great spinoff that fans of the main series will certainly enjoy!. . I would definitely recommend Attack on Titan: Junior High to those looking for a lighthearted and fun anime. The humor is on-point, the characters are entertaining and engaging, and the ...
Simply kept;. This anime was one with great potential. The animation was well done, and it rarely got iffy.. Storyline and plot was great, or had very few flaws to speak of.. The characters were lovable, except for that one Captain (You know who I'm talking about Haha).. . The world building was really good, you're thrown into a fantasy/military/magic mix, but you see no overpowered characters. It's just about one more person in this ever expanding world, making it great for immersion.. . The key takeaway though, will be the fact that the story ends just as it gets to the climax. You're left wanting to see more, but ...
It's an incredibly well-crafted and entertaining experience. The story is a great blend of drama, action, and suspense, with the characters all getting satisfying development. The animation quality is top-notch, and the soundtrack adds a ton to the overall atmosphere and emotion of the series. There's also a perfect blend of humor and seriousness. In summary, Attack on Titan Season 3 is a masterpiece of a show that captures the essence of what makes a great anime series. It's a must-watch for any anime fan.. . If you're looking for a thrilling and well-rounded anime, with an incredible story, dynamic characters, and great production values, then Attack ...
As someone who read the manhwa years ago, I was looking forward to seeing the anime adaptation as half the manhwa were fight scenes where I had no idea what was happening…. . So far the anime is living up to my expectations. I personally thought the story was introduced well. It was a good balance of explaining the world, the main character, and some action. Episode 2 should really hook you in as even if I knew how it ended, I couldn’t help but be fully concentrated on the show.. . As all action animes should have, the animation here is super clean and there isn’t any scene ...
This was a good oneshot story and making it only a half hour was a good choice. Like any of Oda's world building, the characters were solid and believable, the circumstances led us in intriguing directions, and there was a range of emotional responses to the material. I liked that the story could stand alone as its own thing or could be scene as an expansion on One Piece. That said, some of its strengths were also its weaknesses. Once you understand Oda's story structure and tendencies, some of the potential mystery of what might unfold goes away, but it was still worth watching and ...
A charming anime about a group of individuals aiming to save the world in order to live normal lives. It mimics the same theme as in Mob Psycho, where those gifted with special powers don't really consider themselves "gifted" but rather "cursed" because they know they can't live normal lives.. . The animation was alright but the premise itself is very interesting. The power system introduced in the series, Negation, is an interesting idea, and one that allows for near limitless powers to be introduced in the future. It also introduces the idea of Artifacts -- items with special powers that can be used -- which ...
The first four episodes were stunning. A typical tragedy-of-long-life story spanning decades was told in a restrained manner, evoking both boundless melancholy and brimming warmth. As the journey of Frieren unfolded a second time, audience were repeatedly touched by the memories from previous journey - thanks to the staff’s delicate way of storytelling. The story afterwards resembled more of a standard fantasy adventure; it remains enjoyable, but wasn’t awe-inspiring as the first four episodes.. . The director’s various choices in adaption are worth pondering - there are no right or wrong choices, only trade-offs.. . Frieren’s story had a grand worldbuilding beyond the journey itself: horizontally there’s intertwined ...
I strongly recommend this anime (Gwahoheub and special chapter, if possible to watch it at once). It is a masterpiece. I'm surprised it has such a low score. It´s very tender and romantic. It's a shame it's not a longer series, and actually, I wonder why there are studios that do that kind of anime too short. Maybe they are made by beginners who don't have much budget but have a lot of talent. I don´t know, but there are very few works with that quality and sensitivity.. . It's refreshing to see something done differently than Japanese anime. The expressions on the faces and the ...
I strongly recommend this anime (Gwahoheub and special chapter). It is a masterpiece. I'm surprised it has such a low score. It´s very tender and romantic. It's a shame it's not a longer series, and actually, I wonder why there are studios that do that kind of anime too short. Maybe they are made by beginners who don't have much budget but have a lot of talent. I don´t know, but there are very few works with that quality and sensitivity.. . It's refreshing to see something done differently than Japanese anime. The expressions on the faces and the naturalness is something that they have captured ...
This anime will always be my guilty pleasure. The relationship between Mei and Yuzu is so good(in a toxic way) and I forever defend the anime adaptation. The pacing is solid with consistent fan service and lovers quarrels to keep viewers engaged. The character cast is fine, albeit underdeveloped (besides Yuzu and Mei). Yuzu is extremely well developed and her mission to understand her and Mei's feelings is very genuine an beautiful. Mei is a bit more linear, being the 2nd protagonist, but this is not to say she does not make significant changes over the course of the show. The first "antagonist" is meh ...
Best anime i've ever watched. Im giving it a rating of 9 out 10 mainly because I get hard every episode. I highly recommend it.. MAHOU SHOUJO IS THE BEST! This is the best anime of this season and I dont care what everybody else thinks.. Please make more of this content. I need more anime like this Im looking forward to every episode.. Must watch! Dont waste your time, go asap and watch it. Dont you even think about skipping this masterpiece. Also the mal score is false because in my opinion it deserves at least 8.5 but majority of people dont understand this splendid work.
xxxHolic is the story of Kimihiro Watanuki and his contact with a strange witch named Yuuko. It has 24 episodes and each episode tells a different story about fate, love or the supernatural. It also includes the humorous aspect to balance out its tone, dark as it may be.. . It has a variety of supernatural topics from Japanese mythological creatures to divination and ghost stories. The characters are interesting, with Yuuko’s fun-loving but enigmatic nature being the highlight. Watanuki is an interesting protagonist because his past was lonely and he has supernatural abilities. His friendship with Doumeki makes both characters more complex.. . The visual design may not ...
Entretenimento puro,com personalidade e estilos diferentes,que o tornam bem memorável.Muitas coisas acontecem rapidamente,lentamente e até no fundo há atividade.Pessoalmente,achei o humor bem feito,que também varia bastante,então posso afirmar que a comédia pode funcionar.O timing das cenas algumas vezes me apanhou despercebido e soltei umas risadas,vi o valor e creatividade nessa produção.Foi uma doce diversão.. . Pure entertainment, with different personality and styles, which make it very memorable. Many things happen quickly, slowly and even in the background there is activity. Personally, I found the humor well done, which also varies a lot, so I can say that the comedy can work. The timing of the scenes sometimes ...
The character development in Ouran High School Host Club is simply fantastic. These episodes really allow you to understand the characters and their problems. For instance, Kyouya who appears to be self-centered is actually a multidimensional character. The twins are also interesting as they try to find their identities while at the same time fitting in with their peers.. . On the other hand, certain parts of the show are not as interesting. The middle episodes are a little bit dull, and the plot doesn’t actually get interesting until later. Second, most of the characters do not really change throughout the series.. . The animation is also well done, ...
ok if you are a Ryuma fan you need to watch this. (ALSO WATCH AFTER CREDITS FOR MORE EPIC STUFF). . Was hyped when I heard this was coming out, heard Ryuma was in it and was going epic mode, I love seeing that Ryuma is very similar to Zoro its pretty funny. I wish this was a short series and not just one episode, would have been really cool to see more of him. It kinda sucks since we dont really get to see completely what he was like. Story isnt bad but you cant really do much with just one episode AARGHHHHHH. . . . Ok and ...
Only If This Had 24 Episodes , It Sure Would Have Been A Much Bigger Delight . Still There's A Live Action Series (s1 ,2 now maybe 3 coming out) but they just change story so much from manga it is annoying and anime action is something else . Anyhow , These 3 episodes enjoyable for sure .. . Plot : people getting teleported to game like setting no explaination how and they start playing games to survive , got a nice feel to it .. . Sound : Given It Has Only 3 Episodes , There Is No Opening & As For Ed There Is A ...
A surprisingly charming show that is recommended for anyone who likes the concept of an isekai anime about a gaming world, but who has so far been disappointed with the other entries in the genre that focus more on the power fantasy aspect. Not that this show doesn't also contain that power fantasy aspect, but it is very much not the focus and takes more of a backseat to the parody aspects of the show.. . The dynamic of the main duo is pleasure to watch. The antics of the reliable veteran gamer teaching cheeses to their "student" is a rare one which I haven't often ...
Honestly I expected this series to be at least 12 episodes since Netflix is not known for releasing OVA's. With that said, this OVA is a must see for One Piece fans and I did not realize this OVA gives context to the unknown samurai from Thriller Bark which did blew me away.. . The art style and animation in this OVA is fantastic and quite similar to the Egghead arc currently that is airing for One Piece. It's really smooth and there is a lot more fluidity with the movements of the characters.. . Since we only got one episode, we do not get full characterization ...
Ever feel like you want a day off school or work (or both if you’re lucky)? Mr. Villain’s Day Off tells the story of an alien general who seems to always get time off work (def lucky).. . The unnamed protagonist is living his best life relaxing at home, exploring the city, and visiting the zoo to stare at pandas all day—seriously, in one episode, he just stands there for hours waiting for a panda to turn around so he can see what color its tail is, and I love it. The plot itself doesn’t matter; like with Spy x Family, I wouldn’t mind if the alien’s ...
Kaicho wa Maid-Sama (the President is Maid-Sama!) is a wonderful, wonderful anime. It is heartwarming, with every character doing their best to survive in the high school world -from the three idiots to the eponymous Maid-Sama aka Misaki- and there is a constant air of feelgood in the series. It is a bland of romcom, slice of life, and -sometimes farcical- comedy and it creates the balance so well. It is hard to believe it was made 14 years ago, to be honest, because it catches the dynamics of everyday life and everyday feelings so very well.. The story is sort of ordinary – there ...
Let me say something about this show to you in short, because I don’t think this anime needs longer reviewes.. . There isn’t anything outstanding and it’s simply generic harem comedy. Still it has some good moments and aspect you could enjoy. If you enter this series not expecting too much (which would be weird expect too much from harem comedy), you can have some lighthearted "cheaper" comedy which actually works. My favourite part of it was probably Guri and her animations looking like egg with eyes and one hair.. . Story is again nothing revolutionary and every problem is solved in the end of the episode except ...
i've never written a review on here before but i felt like i needed to for this movie. i watched the show right before i watched this and honestly the series was just ok. i think i rated it a 6 in the end. so i expected this movie to be similar. but right away it was something completely different! i felt so blindsided! its possible my impression of this movie was so positive because i just wasn't expecting it to be how it was, but i spent a full 24 hours raving about it afterwards. if you're torn on whether you should watch the ...
The first half of this season takes a bit of a break from the near constant matches, favoring to show more of what life's like off the court and slowing down to a calmer pace. This change in format gives the series a chance for some more detailed character developement that would likely get lost in the break-neck pace of the volleyball court setting. . The slower pace does not in any way break the intensity built up in season 1 and of what's to come next. When game time comes round once again with the preliminaries of the Spring Tournament it brings back with it all that glittering ...
I don't usually write reviews, but this show is shaping up to be my favorite anime ever made, and that's not an exaggeration. I really dislike isekai, because they are all saturated with the same tropes and cliches. However, Instant Death goes out of its way to not only parody these tropes, but kill them, literally! It is so refreshing to see the things I hate about isekai, and anime in general, get killed in the most satisfying ways possible.. . Story: Every episode is a different trope, kind of like Excel Saga, which is also one of my favorite comedies of all time so of ...
Violet Evergarden is a beautiful anime.. In terms of production, this animation is impeccable, with beautiful visuals, beautiful artistic direction, a very comforting atmosphere, good scene composition and great soundtracks.. In terms of narrative, we have an excellent protagonist with very good development, an interesting story with exciting themes, however, every episode in which the protagonist is left a little aside, the plot becomes a little more uninteresting, as she shines due to Violet, an excellent character, but many secondary characters are very superficial and end up being sustained only by charisma, the story does not give due value to the secondary characters who are part of ...
Ron Kamonohashi's Forbidden Deductions is a fun show. That's mostly what it is. It's not a masterpiece, and doesn't need to be.. . If one watches it with the expectation of witnessing mind-blowing mysteries, they will be sorely disappointed. Most of the mysteries in this season seem rather predictable, but some end up having a certain twist, all of which are both believable and realistic. However, that is but one part of the show.. . Isshiki and Ron are two sides of the same coin : they are plagued by loneliness. The difference between them is that, while Isshiki mixes well with his colleagues and is mostly cast aside ...
This was pretty solid for a single episode ONA. It's nice to see Ryuuma in the flesh and he definitely has a similar vibe to Zoro, even if he still feels very basic. In fact, that's really my only problem with this: everyone feels basic. One Piece has taken quite a while to introduce more layered villains and, while I wasn't exactly expecting anything amazing from a single episode, I was a bit disappointed just how two-dimensional the villains were here. Nonetheless, this went hard on the animation when it wanted to, had a decent twist in the middle, and felt like a more grounded ...
This whole series was so good! I rated all of them a 10/10 by how good it was. But these 4 episodes really did the series justice! It's perfect. I cried so much though. I love this series since I was a kid. So good! I was mad for a second at the end but I'm so glad I just let it happen. The more I thought about it the more I realized it all made sense. I loved the last part of episode 4. It was so wonderful. When I first watched 2 episodes when this series first came out I didn't care and ...
I'm a big fan of motorsports. In this coming year, I intend to follow, to some degree of commitment or another, at least seven different racing championships. I'm a little bit obsessed. So, hearing that one of my favourite studios, Troyca, and a director as respected as Ei Aoki, were making a series based around the Formula 4 junior category, I was pretty excited. I didn't really care what the show ended up being; I barely even cared if it was good. A proper anime about single-seater racing, sign me up.. . I was expecting something a bit shouneny, to be honest. Big personalities, loud, dramatic, in-your-face ...
Solo Leveling is a series that knows exactly what it is, a hype power fantasy about a boy who "solo levels" from the weakest to the strongest, surpassing everything and everyone with flashy fighting and satisfying gore.. . Its title should tell you all you need to know about the plot and its developments, but for anime onlys, know that you will get exactly what you are expecting, nothing more nothing less. As power fantasies go, this one is pretty damn good. The plot unfolds exactly how you might expect it to, with very little twists. The main character isn't particularly unique or interesting, but is your ...
You recognize the IP.. You know roughly what it is, and if not, you should have at least a hunch of what to expect of it. This hunch is most certainly correct.. Simple, yet effective power fantasy - one of few actually succesfull examples of one. It knows what it is, delivers, satisfies.. I (mostly) enjoyed reading the original Manhwa. The question is, whether the Anime offers the same.. . Any discussion surrounding questions like "Should you watch this show" sounds utterly pointless to me. I believe the show is exceptionally clear as to what it offers and who it caters to. The question I am interrested in answering is ...
I enjoyed the anime rlly , but as a manhwa reader, I feel that A-1 is not a good studio. They made Jinwo look like an average isekai protagonist. If they had paid more attention to drawing the characters like Mappa did with JJK, they could have been the next big thing. People are still talking about how well Mappa drew the characters, especially Gojo. I'm not trying to criticize Gege, he's a great mangaka, but his characters don't look like how Mappa drew them,well at least in the early stages of the manga;cause he got better . This was one of the major reasons ...
This anime is really good. I mean it it amazing. The story of 91 days is perfectly constructed and executed really well.. There is some problems in it. But it's a must watch anime for sure. I absolutely liked it guys.. . STORY. The story was good with the setting and the characters. The plot twists and the manipulative techniques Avilio used was also interesting with a small tint of psychology. On the whole really good story.. . CHARACTERS. The characters were absolutely great. No problems with the character. They played out really well in the end. Their characters had a lot of depth and the ...
If you extract feelings of nostalgia and comfort from old 80's anime due to their vaporwave / outrun aesthetic, Midnight Eye: Gokuu is going to be a welcome treat to your senses. The animation is beautiful, and there are enough boobs and fast cars to go around as well. The story isn't mind-blowing, but it's not awful. A solid way to spend an evening.. . Gokuu is your typical manly man detective. He's out to serve justice and protect naked women from unfathomable evils.. The women are the typical helpless types from the era, and they throw themselves at Gokuu when they are aware of the prospects of ...
autistic girl swagger.. . watamote perfectly captures what its like (at least in my experience) growing up as an autistic losergirl outcast. . a lot of criticisms i see are reasons why i love it so much so i want to give my opinion on the main ones. . -painfully uncomfortable to watch. -tomoko is pretty shitty most of the time. -nothing happens and she doesnt make progress/get any better. . ...
I have reread all the chapters many times and it really doesn't get old and same will happen for Solo Leveling anime too. The animation, action and the adventure of Sung Jin Woo will make Solo Leveling lovers keep coming back and watch Solo Leveling anime again. You may not see this as a Masterpiece like I do, but it is definitely a minimum of a 8 out of 10. If you love fantasy, action, adventure then this is for you. Give it a chance and watch new episode every week and even when you are finished watching all episodes watch the anime again, ...
Blue Giant reminded me why animation is such a powerful art form. As pretentious as that sounds, the film really conveyed why some emotions are just too overwhelming to be display on other medium. This is first and foremost, an anime for dreamers. Whether it's the pure joy, passion, or perseverance, this film does it all with flying colors. From beginning to end, I could feel the whole theater being under the film's spell. Damn, it kept everyone in their seats and stunned to silence through the end credits.. I went in not knowing much about the story other than "jazz" (which I love as ...
Nah I'd Win Season 2. . I haven't read the JJK manga and was just along for the ride as an anime-only spectator, so I wasn't really expecting this season to actually be interesting. The first season of JJK was basically average shounen with minimal digressions and improvements, it was fun to watch but nothing earth-shattering or noteworthy. Of course, I expected the second season to be roughly similar, especially after watching the mediocre movie. By the way, the movie should be watched after episode 5 ( following the past arc) as it takes place directly between episodes 5 and 6 as far as I remember.. . The ...
The only reason i don't rate a 10 it's because the relationship between MC and "Co-MC" (MaoMao and Jishin) isn't one of the most original or creative ever seen. And as a personal taste, they should have been more crude in representing the reality of the historical context. Most empires / feudal kingdoms in those times were savage with their enemies, and not so "kind" toward womens.. . As a resume of this show:. . - This isn't a classic anime of "Grrrr me MC mad i want revenge" or " me MC i have to save the world". MaoMao is just a person living her life.. - There are ...
(update upon completion). . All characters turned out to be more rounded and adorable than the beginning, creating a great viewing experience. Yuki was pure and cute from beginning to end, while Itsuomi turned out to be mature and personable. The anime also spent non-trivial efforts on supporting characters, adding to the depth of the story.. . Glad to see Yuki gradually embraced a bigger world under the influence of Itsuomi...even though I wish more of such growth was endogenous, rather than just motivated by "wanting to travel abroad with my boyfriend".. . Would recommend to those who enjoys a straightforward and peaceful love story.. . (preliminary review at ep.3). . This ...
Okay.. The designs are alright I guess. Nothing too special. MC is boring.. The story itself is fun I guess? Or maybe its just weird in a bad way? I don't really know.. Wait I do know. Its bad. Horrible. Incest anime like normal. I would not recommend this show to anyone unless they were a close friend or somebody who dabbles in this world. Now as my score says. This is one of my all time favorite anime. Its horrible. So bad its good. I love this dumpster fire. And maybe you would to. So give it a try.. . 10/10 would watch again.
This is one of the better sports anime, and I do not typically enjoy sports anime and manga. It starts out very strong because it is kind of like the Hunter Exam mixed with soccer. As the story progresses, it however starts to feel like a more conventional High School Sports anime, which makes it a little less gripping. The animation is really good, and a lot of the characters are fun. The funniest character is the Guy who runs the Blue Lock training facility. The voice acting for the characters from other countries were really weird. I would have enjoyed this anime a lot ...
In Solo Leveling, the anime not only packs a solid punch with its gripping storyline and standout main character, but it also immerses viewers in a world where supernatural forces interweave with the everyday reality. The plot seamlessly blends action, fantasy, and a touch of mystery, presenting a constantly evolving narrative that keeps viewers hooked from episode to episode.. . As the story unfolds, the character development of the protagonist takes center stage, providing an intimate exploration of his growth and challenges. With each obstacle he faces, the audience witnesses his determination and unique abilities come to light, adding an extra layer of excitement and intrigue to ...
a very good cute anime, I just didn't know what was happening with the anime at every second sentence if you like cute anime in which there is no cheating, no trauma, nothing happens, just a happy school story feel free to enjoy this anime :D , the character development was very good i liked the MC the most he is the most loyal and friendlyest men on the earth and the most GENIUS TOO, i loved the love triangle too i think im ins- in love with this anime.. the art style is beautiful i highly recommend it to watch it with closed eyes!!!!. I ...
It’s a masterpiece. Even though it’s not about the battles, each fight is also a masterpiece.. . The main vibe is slow and chill, but that makes the intense moments even more exciting.. . The music is what makes this anime stand out. It’s all so well timed and themed with the mood that you don’t even notice it’s toying with your emotions. Almost every scene has background music.. . That’s all I wanted to say, but the website wants more words. Give the show a chance with the first 3 or 4 episodes. It builds characters and the world really well. The characters are unique and realistic. Their lines always ...
Madoka Magica is a magical girl anime deserving of its place as a modern classic. I have seen so many dark magical girl shows try to replicate the heartbreak and tragedy of this show, and none have succeeded. Madoka’s impeccable art and music enhance its themes, allowing you to feel even more connected to the characters. All of the magical girls have well developed personalities and are easy to empathize with. The ending, shown through Homura’s perspective, also ties up the story in a thematically satisfying way.. Although I have watched Madoka more than once, I often find it difficult to sit through because of its ...
Eiken is a true masterpiece, undoubtedly the pinnacle of artistic achievement in the anime world. Its unparalleled brilliance lies in the profound exploration of human relationships, showcased through tasteful and subtle storytelling. The carefully crafted characters, with their well-defined personalities and intricate arcs, elevate "Eiken" to a level of storytelling sophistication rarely seen in the annals of animation history. The groundbreaking use of fan service serves as a metaphor for the complex layers of the human experience, leaving audiences in awe of its unparalleled depth. Truly, "Eiken" reigns supreme as the best anime of all time, a triumph that will undoubtedly be remembered for generations ...
The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya should be watched in a chronological order. The broadcast order deviates from a linear timeline, which can cause confusion. It is an exciting story, full of unpredictable twists and turns. One of the most intriguing aspects in this story is a developing relationship between two main characters, Haruhi and Kyon. The characters are unique and well-defined, and each has a compelling personal story that adds brilliance to the plot. It is the character of Haruhi who makes her different from others because she has unnatural sense of right and wrong. She constantly seeks amusement and craves for adventures, which often ...
What can i say. This last season was simply amazing. i loved every single moment watching it. it was full of comedy romance and occurrences that us as an audience can relate to. If you have watched the last 2 seasons and are contemplating on whether or not you should watch this, my advice is if you are a hopeless romantic definitely watch it. The sheer amount of joy and excitement you will have all throughout the season is mesmerizing. As well as the last episode. It was so good too good even, it was THE perfect romantic episode. Me personally as a person who’s ...
A One Piece movie with a darker atmosphere and unique story.. Beautiful animation with an artistically pleasing style. I loved every bit of the movie and enjoyed the different dynamics shown between every Straw Hat members, showing a realistic display of conflict without purposefully turning it into a comedy sketch.. Loved the horror elements sprinkled into the mix and how the movie kept pushing the protagonists limits.. Highly recommend the movie, already for being so vastly different from the other One Piece movies. It's also enjoyable for people only starting with the Manga/Anime.. The animation style is simplistic yet unique on it's own.
Trust the crowd: The Dangers in my Heart has a solid 8.70 for a reason. Oh, it's not about being original, for sure. It's a classic romantic show, young boy with no self-confience, tall goofy girl, they like each other. Cool.. It's all about progression. And it's a very rewarding feeling: you see characters slowly growing in their youth, they slowly get better at expressing themselves, and showing their love. Things do go south from time to time, and they learn from that. All about writing characters and story.. . The main point is that every episode is making a step forward, although very small, yet always consistent, ...
Good ol Mashle.. . Good in the sense of what this anime is. It's as if we're caring on from the previous season, without missing a step. Making sure that it hasn't missed a beat, as certain second season shows can do that. Have a great start, but then fall off in the second season. Thankfully, Mashle isn't that by any of the stretch, and continues to be a good mix of seriousness, but also having some weird, and goofy moments to boot. As if it's the second coming Gintama. Which it no directly is, but if you've watched Gintama, you'll get the idea with it's semi ...
ilk uc sezon benim favorim diger iki sezon beni sadece cildirtti ama bsdnin bu özelliğini seviyorum sağol asagiri cidden. Konu işleyişi olarak sürekli şaşırtııyor beni onun dışında karakterler fan kitlesi tarafından daha çok önemseniyor ki bence de önemsenmeli ç. nkü ciddi anlamda çok kaliteli yazılmış karakterler var ama bir konu benim çok sinirimi bozuyor, fanlar tarafından bir karakterin çok abartıldığını düşünüyorum tahmin edersiniz ki bu karakter dazai.. . Dazai evet iyi karakter hatta beni çok güldüren bazende düşündüren bir karakter ve de gerçek hayattaki dazai yi de çok severim eserleri de ayrıca güzeldir lakin bu karakterde bu kadar abartılacak bir şey görmüyorum. Genel anlamda fan kitlesi yakışıklı ...
Best. Anime. Of. All. TIME.. . Nothing more needs to be said. Steins;Gate is a masterpiece that will likely never be topped. On top of an excellent time travel theory that has depth and makes sense, Steins;Gate has one of the best line ups of characters I've ever seen in a show before. Everything just works. The characters seem flat on the surface, but are actually very deep when looking further into them. The ending is nothing less than perfect, and the writing never faults. Not once.. . All in all, Steins;Gate and its sister series Steins;Gate 0 are a must watch. Even someone who isn't into anime could ...
Sakura Trick was made specifically for me!!! This is my slop!!! Yuri couples are GOATED!!! IDC!!!! Plus, there is some quality to this series, and no, I don't mean the endless kissing!!!. . The romantic relationships between these characters were passable for an Ecchi show, and a lot of anime tend to beat around the bush or have it heavily implied when it comes to said relationships. That can be charming, but it can also get old!!! Sakura Trick gets right to the point and lets the main characters actually love each other!!! I can't say the same for others, like Death Note's Light and L. Such ...
Solo Leveling, the anime adaptation of the beloved manhwa, has stormed onto the anime scene with an electric mix of fantasy, action, and a narrative that treads the fine line between humanity and monstrosity. Inspired by Nietzsche's timeless wisdom, the anime weaves a tale that explores the depths of power, transformation, and the shadows that lurk within.. . At its core, Solo Leveling is hailed as a masterpiece, a sentiment echoed by fervent fans and critics alike. The series introduces us to Sung Jin-Woo, the 'World's Weakest' hunter, who embarks on a journey that transcends his initial vulnerability. The anticipation surrounding its adaptation into anime is met ...
This anime stands out as a truly romantic piece, skillfully capturing the perspective of its deaf protagonist through a lovely combination of visual elements and sound. I think there is such a masterful use of color, turning it into a language that speaks volumes on its own. Conveying emotions, moods, and nuances, which essentially transcends the need for spoken words. Very fitting.. . Whilst the main character is deaf - I like how this story is not focused on that aspect. It's considered but it does not make it the sole point. We do witness Yuki's story through her lens, and I appreciate the intricate details of ...
First and foremost I'll list the positive aspects before ripping this movie to shreds. I honestly love the cheesy 80s character designs in this and the animation was pretty alright. It looks interesting and will lure you in with the promise of a good plot and a meaningful story. Then it unveils itself as the over inflated pretentious bullshit it is. This anime wants to be deep so so bad and it shows, but really it's just flowery story telling that doesn't go much further than the surface. Anyway, if the main character had to relearn literally everything who tf taught him how to have ...
So, to start this review. I have never written a review so far but i just had to write one for "A sign of affection" i sit infront of my screen n smile like a lil girl every episode. I am so deeply in love with the characters and obsessed with them to a point where i had to instantly buy the manga. I literally cant comprehend the amount of love n thought thats put into it. The emotions are so well portraid and also Yukis world n how it changes when its focused on others.. . Its super cute and also funny. I have to ...
Madoka Magica is the epitome of "Don't judge a book by its cover." At first glance, one might think it's just another Magical Girl anime, full of vibrant colors, with a rather unique animation and graphic style. One could easily stop at this initial impression and decide not to take the time to explore this anime. However, what a shame it would be to judge it solely based on a first impression. In just 12 episodes, Madoka Magica presents a sublime plot that will manage to surprise you (Episode 10 left a profound impact on me during my first viewing!). The characters are introduced gradually, ...
Here we go again with this show.. . I open with this line, as I wasn't really the biggest fan of the first season's opening three episodes, which have been quoted by some as to be the weakest parts of the show in itself. Which explains a lot, as why? Because season 2's opening act is MILES better than the first season. As let me explain.. . Story and characters: 9. What really has helped this story, is having a first season behind it. Now, I'm not talking about as if it's in poor taste. Far from it. If you watch the first season as a whole, it's a good ...
This, if nothing else, is a fitting conclusion.. . The first two seasons of Mob Psycho 100 told a story of kindness and power. This season seemingly tells the same story. What it focuses on, though, are the ups and downs of the collective human psyche, the strength of belief, the importance of meaningful communication and the truth, and most importantly, self-acceptance.. . Mob undergoes an internal struggle - he battles with indecisiveness regarding the future, a lack of desire for his power and the fear of rejection. We slowly see his descent into losing to his other half - the half that constantly fights his emotions to gain ...
✵Solo leveling is a masterpiece, it is truly amazing and I really love it✵. . ✵Here's a detailed review of Solo Leveling✵. . ✵Synopsis and Background Story✵. . Ten years ago, "the Gate" appeared and connected the real world with the realm of magic and monsters. To combat these deadly monsters, ordinary people received magical abilities and superhuman powers and became known as Hunters. Our Main Protagonist Twenty-year-old Sung Jin-Woo is one such Hunter, but he is known as the "World's Weakest," owing to his pathetic power compared to even a measly E-Rank. Because of his weak power Sung Jinwoo finds himself in a seemingly endless struggle for survival but he ...
When that romance hits..... It's just so sweet.. . Lets face it, while romance isn't subjective in sense of seeing so many Isekais come one after another, but like Sports anime too, there are fundamentals to consider when going into such. You want your romances to hit hard, and hit well. Otherwise it could just end up looking like one of the carbon copies that you'll see throughout season, after season. Thankfully the sweetness, and well written story within this, makes up for it in droves.. . Story and characters: 9. For starters, like how we are in Golden Time, it's a romance that isn't set in a high school, ...
This anime is a big gag and it takes itself very seriously in this aspect, that is the purpose of this show. The mc is so edgy and cringe that he ends up being cool. The sound design and voice acting for the Japanese version is phenomenal, (I haven't seen the English dub so idk about that). No specific side character gets an lot of screen time which could lead to you being confused about their place in the story, this gets touched apon later so just be patient. Overall this show was so good and it's one of the few anime that I would ...
I don't usually give animes a 10/10. A 10/10 is the exception and above its peers in every field imagineable: direction, animation, characterization, narrative, cinematography, dialogue, music. It should have little to no flaws. It should be a masterpiece. Solo leveling is not that. And yet, I cannot help myself but give this anime a 10.. . The story is generic, borrowing a lot of ideas from shonen and isekai and multiple wish fulfillment fantasies alike. It's a very simple one and it has its plot holes(minor) and plot conveniences. The characters endearing and likeable but most experience little to no change. The music is amazing, but ...
A Sign of Affection is one of the best romance stories I have ever had the pleasure of reading (and the best one I am currently reading), so it's same to say that I have been anticipating this adaptation for a while. And after having watched the first 3 episodes, I'm happy to say that this anime adaptation has exceeded all of my expectations. Let me sell you on it. A Sign of Affection centers around a college girl, Yuki, who is deaf from birth. She doesn't talk to many people, aside from her best friend Rin. One day, while taking the train, she meets ...
As a big fan of the Solo Leveling manhwa, I would like to thank the studio A-1 Pictures and its entire team for bringing ''life'' to this work that I love so much. The anime's animation is beautiful, the direction is incredible, the narrative is also different from the manhwa (in a good way). The anime's osts are also something worth praising, Sawano masterfully used the soundtracks in the scenes and provided the impact that each one of them should have very well, so much so that I can indisputably say that he left his mark on this work . The story progresses very well ...
Hype is a helluva drug. It’s not often that I, a bonafide casual, hear of and anticipate a new IP almost 6 months before its release, but here we are. And trust me, through 3 episodes, this series definitely seems to live up to its hype.. . On paper, Solo Leveling’s premise isn’t anything particularly special. It follows the new trend of “portal isekai”, where monsters or some shit get transported from another world to earth, conveniently with the means to defeat them. Our main character isn’t particularly special either: he seems to follow the standard “started from the bottom” character development cycle, where he gradually ...
For someone who was waiting for the anime to come out after a long long long period of time, I would like to shout with happiness that every second of the waiting is most definitely worth it. Their approach to the anime’s pacing with their plot is amazingly complete, I know because I have finished the manga and read the LN, seeing how they animated the 3 episodes of the anime, shows that they are loyal to the manga and LN, which is a good sign, because this shows that the anime would be complete in its portrayal of the information’s and story of Solo ...
Solo Levelling is probably the most hyped up power fantasy for the winter season. The show is almost an isekai but dungeon/gate is actually a very popular genre of its own in the manhwa community. The first 2 episodes have already received praise from its fans and disparaging review from your usual skeptics. Now that the webnovel’s manhwa adaptation is receiving its anime treatment, as a fan of both the manhwa and webnovel I felt inclined to write this review. The skeptics have their relevance in pointing out the obvious weak point of the show which is the story. I'm not here to defend it, ...
THIS is how you write high school slice-of-life romance.. . Skip and Loafer is very much a character-driven show. Its story is quite straightforward, presenting the characters' everyday life through a rather unfiltered lens, driven by the gentle romantic tension between the main characters. But it is not just about the main romance; it's about Mitsumi, her friends, and her family. The characters are portrayed with great care: they are well-rounded, have very different personalities and very different struggles. They worry about things that high schoolers would worry about: grades, relationships, appearances... very high school problems, but these struggles are neither overstated nor trivialized -- they are ...
The first of my 2 series rewatch for January 2023.. . Outlaw Star is an interesting case in the excellent world of late 90s anime, a Space-Western arriving in early 1998 from the game changing studio ‘Sunrise’. Plenty of anime fans will know that this is the same year another Space Western anime by sunrise also released; a little show called ‘Cowboy Bebop’, so it’s nothing put fact this is what truly made Outlaw fall under the radar and into the pits of anime obscurity. But without a doubt Outlaw Star is a piece of the Holy Trinity of 1998 Space-Western anime that shaped it to ...
I discovered Light Chaser Animation when I stumbled across their 2021 film ‘New Gods: Nezha Reborn’. Since then their production value and eye for quality has done nothing but grow with every release. There’s something about their work that gets me so incredibly excited for their annual releases. Light Chaser simply make CG animated films of with substance and quality we simply don’t get here in the West, and Chang’An is the finest example of that.. . Here in the West we’d never receive a big budget, 3 hour, mature, historical drama revolving around the life story of 2 poets during The Tang Dynasty. To see such ...
A pretty basic Isekai, pretty cliché characters and story, but so far very well done.. I've had a chance to read the manga a few years ago, but became bored with it pretty quickly. Its art quality was mid to say the least, the narration was poorly done, character interactions seemed off, especially with female characters, and it branched its POV badly. My expectations were low when I first saw that it's getting an anime series, but I'm glad to have been proven wrong so far.. The anime has good pacing, it's funny, and the animation too is done well; They fixed my main issues with the ...
Cowboy Bepop succeeded in scratching every single itch that I had. It's equal parts hilarious and heartwarming as it is intense and heartbreaking.. . It took awhile for it to grow on me, but I'm overall happy that I stuck with it. Despite taking awhile to settle, I found myself rooting for every single character, feeling every ounce of their successes and losses. The animation is incredibly fluid, fun, and iconic. Every song is a FUCKING BANGER (one of the best osts I've ever heard). And the themes discussed are tear jerking, thought provoking, and incredibly real.. . I found some episodes to be completely unnecessary. For example, episode ...
The series 86 is so underrated it actually hurts.. . The storyline, the characters and character development, everything is perfect. This is the best anime I ever watched and I recommend it to everyone. While it may have a bit of a slow start, once you're a few episodes in the story sucks you in. The story is very original and not what you'd expect.. . The art style fits the characters well. There was a lot of diversity among the designs and backgrounds, and that is not seen a lot in animes! The main characters change realistically and get good developments. While some characters may be hard ...
Overall:. if you are reading this, you are watching it anyway, so yeah. Do keep in mind that this is a sequel to my overlord III review.. . Ah yes, a guy got Isekai into a fantasy world.... as an evil overlord. As an isekai junkie, I am set to watch all isekai. This is one of those that explore the trope. Before I actually get to the review part, I would say that this anime's isekai world is probably one of the most solid and well-thought-out. It isn't the isekai you watch to kill time, it is the one you watch to think and enjoy the ride. ...
Overall:. if you are reading this, you are watching it anyway, so yeah. Do keep in mind that this is a sequel to my overlord II review.. . Ah yes, a guy got Isekai into a fantasy world.... as an evil overlord. As an isekai junkie, I am set to watch all isekai. This is one of those that explore the trope. Before I actually get to the review part, I would say that this anime's isekai world is probably one of the most solid and well-thought-out. It isn't the isekai you watch to kill time, it is the one you watch to thing and enjoy the ride. ...
Overall:. if you are reading this, you are watching it anyway, so yeah. Do keep in mind that this is a sequel to my overlord I review.. . Ah yes, a guy got Isekai into a fantasy world.... as an evil overlord. As an isekai junkie, I am set to watch all isekai. This is one of those that explore the trope. Before I actually get to the review part, I would say that this anime's isekai world is probably one of the most solid and well-thought-out. It isn't the isekai you watch to kill time, it is the one you watch to thing and enjoy the ride. ...
Overall:. Ah yes, a guy got Isekai into a fantasy world.... as an evil overlord. As an isekai junkie, I am set to watch all isekai. This is one of those that explore the trope. Before I actually get to the review part, I would say that this anime's isekai world is probably one of the most solid and well-thought-out. It isn't the isekai you watch to kill time, it is the one you watch to thing and enjoy the ride.. Short conclusion: 8.25/10. . . Driving deeper. Art: Pretty good, the fight scene is well-animated. The action sequences are pretty nice. And is slightly above average in terms of its ...
Guilty Crown is one of those animes you either love or hate. . Soundtrack is probably the strongest part of the show with ryo from Supercell and Hiroyuki Sawano both at their peak composing beautiful and stunning songs/soundtracks for the show,also this anime marks the debut of Egoist a fictional band created by ryo from Supercell and with vocals from Chelly so if you like Egoist/Supercell/Hiroyuki Sawano you will love this anime regardless of other issues.. . Characters Design is second strongest part of the show with illustrator Redjuice from Supercell creating the world setting,its characters and how they look,the mecha designs are futuristic yet unique,the world looks ...
I'm going to do something different, I'm not going to review the Anime School Days but rather the H game School Days HQ, its origin. The reason why I'm doing this is because the anime's ending is one of many endings in the game. If you don't like the anime because of how unbearable the main character is, the solution is to try a different route.. . The game is a choice based visual novel, in which all your outcomes are decided by you. Therefore, you can either keep a cool head and make logical decisions or be a buffoon like in the Anime for fun. For ...
HOTTEST DUMPSTER FIRE ANIME EVER!!!. This is that type of anime its sooo bad it made it good.. . This anime IS a mess yes, but that's what make it fun! This is the most cringe, dumb, fun anime I've had in a while. It feels like there's 10 storyboard writer arguing in the room about their isekai fantasy idea, and they decide to smash them all together + 1 OP mc so that he can navigate through the messy world they've made.. . First of all, the story is very monotone, and have million of plot holes in it. There's no real goal establish for the story, and ...
The decade-long series has finally come to an end. As someone who started with the anime, and finished with the manga, I decided exam season is a good time to rewatch the whole series, because with this increased maturity and experience, my review of AoT / SnK should be the most comprehensive there is.. . Many mainstream animes fail to catch the attention of experienced anime veterans. They tend to follow a similar pattern:. 1) a hero/ heroine in a deceivingly happy environment. 2) they find something off -> their whole life was lie. 3) now they rebel. 4) defeat. 5) (re)new motivation. 6) goto step 3. . Tropes aren't bad in themselves. ...
A subjective piece of media. If you're a heartless person and have somehow not connected with any of the characters, and dislike "overly melodramatic" arcs, this isn't for you.. . But if you've been following Gintama, have a taste for the more serious arcs, and is looking for a resolution to the silver soul arc, then by all means, I can't recommend this movie enough.. The animation? I thought it improved drastically in the slip arc, but the movie is an even greater upgrade.. . Voice acting - have you watched Gintama? 10/10 as usual.. . The sound design and music - 10/10.. The sound design, animation, dialogue and music will make ...
The show is deceptively good, amazing characters, good story, with a good art. But the show is also agonizingly infuriating. I wish I was warned about the blatant misogyny and fantastical racism and objectification, but other that that the show is definitely worth a watch. The relationship between Anne and Challe is beautifully realistically developed and well done. I was really pleased that Anne doesn’t fall into the typical Mary Sue of typical female anime protagonists, she as dreams, aspirations, and isn’t afraid to work for what she wants. Also, never in my life have I watched a show that had so many characters that ...
One Outs is all about one man, Tokuchi Toua. Without him the whole show and premise wouldn't even exist. He specializes in pitching in baseball and specifically in a little betting version of the game titled one outs. Basically, he can take more or less anyone on in a 1v1. That is until one day he gets his one and only loss against a professional player and instead of getting his hand broken as the agreed price, he agrees to help the Lycaons baseball team achieve the championship.. . However, the owner of the team isn't so happy in getting a shady gambler who demands an absurd ...
A rare “orthodoxical” isekai reincarnation anime in recent years, truly focusing on “friendship, effort, victory”.. . It was so refreshing to watch an isekai anime with no fan service, no idiotic characters, nor some random god who decided to grant superb talent to the protagonist. The main character, Usato, simply went through proper training and hard work to gain skills. The audiences who got to follow through could totally resonate his growth. The show also came with a touch of humor that was not over the top.. . However, as the story progressed into ep.3, very little was revealed about the main plot yet. To be ...
This is the first time I'll write a review because I think it deserves more love.. . First of this anime really capture something beautiful, there is a lot of feelings involved both sadness and happy moments.. Great art style with good music matching the scenes. It might be short but it doesn't have to be longer even though I wish it was.. I'd say this is what a Slice of Life/Drama/Romance series should be like. There are interested characters and you'll want to root for every main characters happiness. I can see why people have different opinions about it, but from my perspective it's really a masterpiece.
You are missing out on a lot if you didn't watch this yet.. The story keeps gets better and more mysterious with each season. People who haven't watched it yet thinking that it's just an idol anime or filled with rainbows, you're wrong. It's more than that.. In short, this is one of the best animes filled with mystery, songs, comedy, every genre tbh. So don't skip it!. Also for those of you who don't know this, the anime is adapted from the mobile game 'iDOLiSH7' and it's a very fun rhythm game and has the whole story till the end. It's still ongoing btw.. So do try the ...
Darwin's game really is a mind-blowing anime. The concept of the game is really cool even though it resembles the concept from the book Game by Anders de la Motte, which is a trilogy. Still, it's something to look forward to. The Game book and Darwin's game have a lot of similarities but it's not like they are completely the same. I really enjoyed the character development of the protagonist at the end. The way he realized that his current ways weren't enough was blasting tho. But they made him go through so much trauma. The genre suited the adaptation and the characters were so ...
*Rozen Maiden* is a series filled with toys, whether those toys be the Rozen Maidens themselves as the little bisque dolls—no, Kitagawa Marin is not in this series—that are involved in the Alice Game, or the toys that litter Sakurada Jun’s bedroom. Jun’s perspective on life effectively mirrors how he treats the various boxes, toys, or “goods” strewn about – something that is not worthy of holding onto, and casting away anything that could tie him to those things. His bedroom is thus a place of hikkikomori withdrawal from the world. He is, in essence, toying with the rules of the cozy little reality he ...
Planetes stands out as a captivating anime that skillfully balances realism with humor and contemporary narrative. Focused on human struggles in a plausible futuristic setting, it offers a stripped-back, everyday drama that connects with audiences. While initially episodic, it evolves into a serialized narrative with a powerful climax, rewarding patient viewers with profound character depth and societal insights. The animation's simple, clean look complements the condensed drama, and the soundtrack enhances the overall experience. The characters, though diverse, are engaging, with Hachimaki's personal dilemmas and Fee's leadership style standing out. Despite a leisurely build-up, Planetes delivers a unique and gratifying viewing experience for fans of ...
This series is certainly off to a great start. It's nice to see both the level of independent and team-based character development that goes on in this series, particularly from Taichi who is easily the MVP of the season, showcasing a relatable degree of difficulties during much of the series while simultaneously taking small steps to improve over its course. This series is at its best when its characters are wrestling with where they fall short. In particular, the theme of this season seemed to be overcoming nihilism - nihilism of family that rejects your interests, nihilism generated by having difficult opponents that make ...
if you liked attack on titan, watch this. better yet, if you like tragic stories where characters die, you contemplate your morals, and you leave crying, this is for you. if all that applies to you, stop reading and watch the damn show.. . this was one of the most beautiful animes i've ever watched. the messages, the tone, the music, the art style -- all of it was just beautiful. it's tragic, makes you think, and makes you sob. there were even scenes where characters don't die that i cried. i can't count how many times i cried, and it was even more after part 2. ...
Damn, well this was a pleasant surprise. Typically, when you have a canon spin-off like this, you expect it to be fun, but nothing too special. Perhaps more of the same, but with a bit of a twist. Kakegurui Twin definitely fits the latter description, but it surpassed my expectations in many ways. So much so, I'm just gonna say it - I enjoyed this a bit more than the main series and my scores reflect that!. . So how does Twin differ from the rest? Well, firstly it delivers on much of what makes Kakegurui in general appealing. Very high stakes gambling with a ton of ...
Kakegurui is a wild ride and the second season confidently delivers on that. This is really just more of the same, so if you liked the first season, this will give you more of what you enjoyed. Overly dramatic gambling series like this aren't usually my cup of tea, but I definitely enjoyed this and I think a lot of people will too.. . Firstly, let's just reiterate what makes Kakegurui fun - the visuals are basically the same, meaning they're super expressive, dynamic and over the top, with the overly detailed eyes and mouths being a very unique and distinctive aspect. The sounds and music are ...
Yo, fellow weebs and movie lovers! I just gotta shout out POMPO THE CINEPHILE, cuz damn, this flick hit me right in the feels. It's like a rollercoaster ride through the world of filmmaking, packed with enough laughs, drama, and eye candy to fill a whole film festival.. . First off, the animation is fire. Seriously, those scenes where Gene battles giant film strips in the editing room? Mind-blown. And Pompo herself, with her big eyes and crazy energy, she's like a kawaii hurricane that takes the whole story with her. The rest of the characters, from the shy Gene to the stuck-up Narcis, they're all so ...
In personal reflection, "Pompo: The Cinéphile" left a lasting impression. The characters' journeys, coupled with the film's visual and thematic brilliance, make it a must-watch for anyone passionate about storytelling and filmmaking. The movie strikes a balance between entertainment and thought-provoking storytelling, making it a memorable cinematic experience. In conclusion, "Pompo: The Cinéphile" stands as a testament to the power of storytelling within the realm of cinema. With its well-crafted narrative, compelling characters, and visual prowess, the film delivers a memorable and enjoyable experience for audiences of all kinds. It is a celebration of the art of filmmaking and a reminder of the magic that ...
This is a really good anime. The animation was so good. They really did well with the storyline. This anime could have been a hit anime if it wasn't Bl. Still, I loved it as it is. Both the main characters are written so well. Even if someone doesn't like the Bl, they should still give it a shot. Just skip the last episode. Overall, it is a great anime and everything is portrayed so graciously here. As for me I am into the Bl genre and they did eat this up. The relationship development is what I liked here.
Shitcom is a misunderstood anime (as can be seen as of the rating received on this site) that subtly makes us think and rethink our life choices. It has an inexplicable je ne sais quoi that I've never found in another short animation.. But I don't understand why it's classified as anime. However, I will not judge the choice of placing it with this classification, as it was what allowed me to be aware of the existence of this masterful work.. . Animation: 10/10. Plot: 10/10. Soundtrack: 10/10. . I believe that those who lay eyes on this will love it.. Nothing further to comment, sir.. . Sadly, it ends really fast.
If you come to this anime carrying the right mentality it will be very good. If you're stressed and want to relax, sad, worried about something, its really meant for you.. . Watching it is like taking a cup of hot chocolate or tea in a cold day and getting under some blankets to watch something;. . It can remind you of some of the pureness and ingenuity the real world has to offer. Overall its a cute anime meant to warm your heart, it does not try to be anything more than that, and that is fine. The characters have some depth on them and will leave you ...
I'm gonna giving it straightly :. this show is highly recommended, at least for woman.. Cuz from the very beginning, it's boring, from characters personality, from the male lead or both female lead, for a romance story, it's even more boring (at least for me).. but to the very end, it's very harsh and rough to accept it, and I even laughed my ass off at the ending, why ?. BECAUSE IT'S SHOWING YOU HOW DUMB AND STUPID WOMANS IN THIS SHOW ARE !. character like the male lead, ... are technically uncountable, there are a lot of men like him irl, so dont ask. for faithfully, loyalty, and dont blame ...
Isekais coming in thick and fast. We all know the drill, each and every season there is bound to be one that'll fall flat on it's face, but then there will be one that will be enjoyed and liked for it's good characterization, or just general down right fun. Now where does this one rank? Let me explain!. . Story and characters: 8. To best describe the characters, would be quirky. Which adds so much to these shows, as if they seemingly knew what they were doing when they decided on making this show. As if it were a generic hero, or least generic ways to get where ...
I didn’t expect to enjoy this show as much as I did. Despite the fact that it’s a harem, I found this anime to be very different from other shows of the same genre, in a good way.. . First of all, to be clear, this anime isn’t exactly something groundbreaking or revolutionary, but instead admittedly enough, quite dumb and silly most of the time. However, that’s what I liked about it. I found myself actually giggling at a lot of the jokes, although it does have a few “breaking the wall” jokes which I’m not the biggest fan of, they pulled it off pretty nice ...
Definitely not a life-changing concept, neither a unique worldbuilding. But great characters, and the little twist on the isekai trope make up for it. It's light, enjoyable, interesting. Tho we couldn't see may fight scenes so far, but I really hope we will. I think it might seem a little bit slow paced for some, but I really like these kind of training arcs so I don't mind personally. There's something about watching characters in the progress of getting stronger.. I especially love how this anime portraits healers a little differently. (I kinda hope it will do justice for the twisted-healer trope which Redo ...
This is My first ever review so it won't be in depth or greatly written.... . I've watched till episode 3 so far and it was definitely better than I expected cause I was expecting a trashy isekai where everyone hates the mc for no reason but no this is actually interesting, the characters are realistic and likeable, The MC is great and even though the plot is generic it still has many different elements that makes it stand out from the rest.... . Do I enjoy it - Yes. Do I think that others will too - Idk but I think most people will because this show is breath ...
If you are looking for an amazing and wholesome romance story to sit down and watch to relax than this is your anime. This anime rightfully earned its place as my #1 favourite anime. I remember finding it in the most unique way, I was just aimlessly searching the web on my phone when a title caught my eye, something along the lines of girls who fight using unique weapons. The website had Urabe listed under scissors of course which at the time I found quite perplexing so I decided to check out the anime. After watching the first episode I thought it was a ...
Old man Miyazaki returns to prove again that hand drawn animation still has a place in event cinema. He also wanted to make an anime film his grandchildren could watch.. . That last line is important because theme of The Boy and the Heron is legacy. In the movie, the lord of the tower is looking for a successor, the same predicament Studio Ghibli is in, without Miyazaki producing new movies, the studio is stuck to monetizing its existing properties. That isn’t a bad thing though, exploiting such properties is a license to print money. However, without new acclaimed films, the studio will soon lose its relevance ...
First time rewatching this and I got to see it in theatres with some friends. Really is one of the wackiest movies I’ve seen and it does it in the best way. The story is strong and pulls together nicely in the end. The visuals though are on a whole different level, with the dream world anything is possible and parts of it went on to inspire lots of other movies. Satoshi Kon really knows how to pull off his own things and to make a real impact in the animation space. Really recommend this to anyone looking for something fun.
This is a film made with a lot of love and respect for the original Cheburashka. I love it. . . In visual terms, they brought out the best in the character designs, they respected the original story, and It is visually beautiful, they put a lot of detail in the handmade settings and character pieces. The soundtrack is good too.. In addition to the fact that they also preserved the stop motion animation style. . The story is simple but quite warm and touching in a way. Ideal for children, I would say that anyone can enjoy it.. I recommend it for being simply heartwarming. . I think that this ...
I've had a bunch of people tell me this isn't a sports anime cause the characters have powers. That's not the case at all. Sure, they have abilities that sometimes seem exaggerated but that's the case for nearly every single anime. The characters do not have any powers, they're just particularly strong at that one special thing. But I do have to agree that we don't have enough things happening outside of anything basketball related. It doesn't seem like anything is going on in there lives besides training and basketball games, which makes the side characters stand out even less. What Haikyuu managed to do ...
The point of this wasn't to write an epic sequel for enjoyment but to get the message across as fast as possible with a short film. And they nailed it within the time frame they had. . Obviously this isn't a long running shounen but a short indie film to got across the N@zi T3rrorists in Palestine are b0mbing Palestinians. While Music isn't allowed in Islam I understand the non-Muslims wouldn't be able to hold their attention for long otherwise, especially with the tiktok generation.. . Those who rate it low support Zions and Genocide.. . Rate it high to get the message across: We don't stand for ...
This show is stunning. The music, themes, characters, story, relationships, and animation are all unbelievably beautiful. Every episode is some combination of poignant and exciting. Amongst anime, it's a rare "feel good" piece, and who couldn't use a little extra positivity in their life? I won't say it's nuts-to-butts action, but when there is action, it's so cool (if you're bored by the slice of life feel, at least stick with it until Frieren fights Aura the Guillotine). The teams of people who produced this show gave it everything they had and adapted the manga with love and respect; this fact is reflected in every ...
a very well made 12 episode anime.. The story telling are fun , exciting and slow paced but its not fast too , simple story-lines but comes with a not disappointing twist .not the best anime but it's still very worth to watch.. The animation is definitely a 2022 animation , good in both regular scene and figting scene.. All of the character have a significant role and a few of them have an intersting personality.. The romance and the action are satisfying. A little mistake they make are the comedy in this anime too dull.. in conclusion , this anime worth to watch but don't hold a ...
This type of anime should be a separate genre - maybe "Realistic Fantasy”? I really like it! It's a light-hearted, imaginative anime that can be watched without any pressure.. . The theme of this anime reminds me of _Ishuzoku Reviewers_(2020) or _Tondemo Skill De Isekai Hourou Meshi_(2023). Dungeons are a product of human imagination; when we see dungeons in games or anime, we’d rarely question “Is it even reasonable?”. This anime takes a different angle. It deconstructed the ecosystem in dungeon, fitting the otherworldly elements into something that aligns with human common sense. Love the creativity here!. . The humor in the show was just right - it ...
This anime is phenomenal. I read the manga years ago, and bought all of the volumes. This was the first franchise that I read the manga first, and I finally watched the anime this winter. As someone who loved the manga, this show does. Not. Disappoint. The characters feel very real, the action is on point, and the plot is very compelling. Set in a country with steampunk aspects and a powerful military, Edward Elric becomes a state alchemist and is accompanied by his younger brother Alphonse as they attempt to regain what they have lost by locating the philosopher's stone. During their journey, they ...
It has been a while since I have sat down and straight-up binged a show. Maybe the last time was Gintama? I am not sure. What I can say though is I binged this one, and sat through 5 hours straight without breaks for this show.. . This show was a roller-coaster of emotions. I had a blast, cried a little, and felt many mixed feelings all in between.. . Overtake is about a guy who wants to win a race. Pretty simple premise, I will admit. But what's more, this season focused on the backstories of these characters. Kouya is one of the MCs, and he is a ...
This anime is UNBELIEVABLE, SURREAL GOOD! To this day I wonder what kind of monster the author of Dr.Stone is for being able to think of something so well written and still transmit scientific knowledge to those who watch, there have been several situations where I found myself remembering teachings about chemistry that the ANIME taught me. taught, that is, Dr.Stone made me interested in chemistry, a subject that I hated at school and had no interest in at all, I think this anime should really be shown in schools, it would probably make students much more interested in learning school subjects. But besides being ...
I'm giving it 10 because I LOVE slice of life, so it already wins some points with me, but obviously, it's not just because of that, this anime managed to invent a very interesting plot that leaves you wanting to know how things will unfold, the characters are cool and super likeable (apart from Fiona) and if you think you won't cry in this anime, you're very wrong because there are SUCH cute family moments that when you look again, your eyes are already sweating. For those who like to have crushes on anime, this one has one of the best waifus in my opinion, ...
Solidly put together, decent writing, and above average animation. There is nothing about this show that is over the top special, but it is consistently good and enjoyable in about every measure. If "overpowered shounen level up in a fantasy world" is the kind of thing that sounds up your alley then just watch this show because it does the genre very well.. . I have really enjoyed the feel of the show and general direction of the story. This show has all kinds of elements that I enjoy in an anime and it has very few things that I could criticize. I am generally a ...
tl;dr: A very different but solid Higurashi experience.. . Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Gou is a sequel to the anime from over a decade ago. It’s done by a completely different animation studio who have a completely different art style and was also somewhat marketed as a reboot. But make no mistake, it is absolutely essential that one be familiar with the main story of Higurashi before watching Higurashi Gou, whether that be through the anime, VNs, or manga. As such, while this review will not have spoilers for Higurashi Gou it will have major spoilers for all that comes before it. I will also note ...
This show is a hidden gem. Eripiyo is just a fangirl who wants to be noticed by her favorite singer in the way many fans do, but in the process makes an insecure girl feel truly seen for the first time. Although Eripiyo’s engagement with Maina can be excessive, her character really shines through her smaller acts of kindness. Despite the main focus being on Maina and Eripiyo’s relationship, the narrative isn’t afraid to move off of them to explore the rest of ChamJam. All of the idol characters are given a chance to show their feelings towards their career, fans, and each other. This ...
The story is basically anime The Last of Us; a journey through post apocalyptic lands where one of the two companions holds (maybe?) the key to solving whatever disaster turned Japan into such a land in the first place.. . As characters are introduced and the world is built more mysteries are introduced than solved, but it is done so in such a way that it is not so overwhelming. Often new mysteries might be an expansion on something previous, but are rarely expected. What is this place called heaven? Who are these children and why are they in such a strange place? what happened with ...
Hey folks, this will be my review for Benriya Saitou-san, Isekai ni Iku. It's a really solid show that surprised me a little.. . The first four or so episodes contain a series of shorts that follow the main character and his party and a few other side characters to introduce them and the world. I actually rather liked that bit of the show and was disappointed that eventually the episodes became full episodes that had a plot and purpose. The plot as it unfolded actually had a lot of well written moments in them, and though the show is incredibly silly and low stakes for ...
FLCL (2000) is the fooliest cooliest anime to date, unlike any other. FLCL is bizarre and defiant in every regard from its animation, to artwork, even its story. This defiance and unpredictability is what makes FLCL such a gem: there's nothing like it. The animation is incredible, everything is smooth and fast-paced, but FLCL does as it does and deviates from just anime and incorporates manga, CGI, and cartoon animation together beautifully. Yet this abstract anime which bends and twists to its creator's whims is an incredible coming-of-age story. In its captivating and mysterious story full of zany humor and pop culture references the viewer ...
Frieren is a consistently entertaining and cozy high production effort. It is a perfect show to wind down to on a quiet Friday evening.. . The premise of Frieren, an older being slowly coming to realization about the importance of moments past and moments passing away, is a very interesting one. Since human lifespan is by default quite short, I think it's a particularly difficult idea to explore and execute believably, but even in her charming monotony, Frieren's character remains convincing enough.. . The series presents self-contained little stories that span a couple or so episodes. In a lot of these, nothing particularly grandiose happens, instead, they depict amusing ...
Hypnosis Mic is easily one of the best idol anime of all time. It separates itself from it's contemporaries with absurd storylines, memorable art direction, and most importantly, hilarious writing. Almost every character stands on their own within the show's narrative. The interpersonal relationships and history between the divisions leaves me eager to learn more. The music is some of the best in the genre, with solid raps and instrumentals that bring me back to listen over and over again. For fans of idol content, this is a welcome departure from the norm with familiar staples. For those new to musical anime, I find this ...
The remake (re-adaptation?) of one of the most seminal stories in the genre does the source material justice. . It won’t be an exaggeration to say that Rurouni Kenshin made a lasting impact on both the world of manga and anime in the 90’s that still reverberates to this day. From its heartfelt, thoughtful, tragic yet charming and poignant portrayal of characters living in one of the most transformative and tumultuous periods in the history of Japan to its over the top yet effective action, Rurouni Kenshin has truly left the lasting impact on people around the globe, myself included. The original works are so sacred that ...
"Just having powers doesn't mean everything works out for you. But that's perfectly fine, as long as you make the important choices yourself. I'm the protagonist of my own life.". . Building off of its previous season, Mob Psycho 100 II delivers a much-improved masterful narrative, with heightened action choreography. What it has given to the world is a masterpiece of a story about kindness and power.. . Unlike its previous season, this one is anything but a lighthearted comedy. There are some comedic aspects, but the majority of it is serious. This tonal shift has been handled extremely well. Characters have been used and built up adeptly, as ...
Mob Psycho 100 came at a time when not many action shows were being made. Its quality was enhanced by beautiful action, a unique story and great animation. ONE, the mangaka, had made a story similar to, but arguably better than, his previous work One Punch Man.. . The story focuses on innocent 14-year Kageyama Shigeo, or Mob, as he navigates a world full of "supernatural phenomena not explained by science". Mob is an endearing and lovable character : he has a good family life, treats people well, and is humble and well-behaved. He is the ideal, but timid, child from the fabled stereotypical Asian prophecies.. . That ...
The End of Evangelion (1997) is the crowning jewel that ends the story of Neon Genisis Evangelion (1995). Split into two 45-minute episodes (episodes 25' & 26') which supplement the ending of NGE (episodes 25 & 26). TEOE is gorgeous, the animation quality exceeds that of NGE, and the psychedelic art, watercolors, crayon drawings, and live-action frames/sequences are fascinating not to mention beautiful. But much like NGE, TEOE manages to usurp its art with an incredible story. The disgust, sickness, inhumanity, and despair present in the film are palpable as our characters face their greatest challenge yet. It truly feels like everything that has happened ...
Don't you just love daft anime?. . The sort of anime that'll come into a season, make some noise, but the sort of noise that's goofy, fun, but with a slight hint of seriousness on top of it. Even if the direction of such, isn't serious to a point. But the overall theme of the anime, more than makes up for it.. . Story and characters: 8. The story is where it shines a lot. Like I really love how it starts, making you think it's something completely different, only to throw in a funny curve ball, which makes for a good laugh. Setting up for a solid product. Maple ...
You know. I'm actually surprised.. . When you first hear of Chained Soldier at first, you may be thinking of what an interesting concept, but as you dig deeper, you learn how things work, and it really makes you question what in the hell you signed yourself up for. Not to paint it in a negative light, as that wasn't the intention. But you throw in an interesting story base, interesting line of colourful cast of characters. Then you throw the most anime like thing into the mix, in terms of it's system of power. As if like the Powerpuff girls, you've got the perfect ingredients, then ...
'You'll find it, someone precious, whose heart you can trust, as you walk together in life'. . Nanatsu no Taizai: Mokushiroku no Yonkishi is a show that is heavily underrated, a hidden gem, that builds upon the series from which it came from, Nanatsu no Taizai, quite well.. . Before reading this, keep in mind that I have only watched the first two seasons of Nanatsu no Taizai, and I enjoyed it, but I know full well of how mistreated the show was from that point onwards, so I may understand why this show was swept under the rugs of many. However, one should not be swayed by the ...
The 3rd season of "Classroom of the Elite" elevates the suspense and strategy of the previous seasons, adapting volumes 8 to 11.5 (maybe 11.75) of the light novel. The plot delves deeper into Ayanokouji's complexity and explores even more intriguing challenges at the Tokyo Metropolitan Advanced Nurturing School.. . This season stands out for its character development and heightened tension in intellectual and strategic conflicts. With an unpredictable narrative and surprising twists, each episode keeps the viewer thoroughly engaged.. . Visually captivating and with a soundtrack that enhances the drama, this season is a must-watch for fans of the genre looking for a smart, critical story. "Classroom of the ...
I'm surprised this short promo doesn't have a review. This cute little gem is a 30-second burst of animated brilliance that effortlessly captures the essence of the anime from the 80's. It absolutely reeks of 80's anime cliché and charm. The animation, adorned with a delightful dose of hand-drawn finesse, showcases the artistic prowess that defined the golden age of anime. Each frame unfolds with a mesmerizing rhythm, drawing viewers into a world where the vibrant colours and expressive character designs pay homage to the distinctive style that characterized 80s classics. While there may not be much to dissect, the sheer enjoyment derived from "Battle ...
If you're in search of an anime that masterfully blends fantasy elements, action, and a captivating narrative, "Tensei Shitara Slime Datta Ken" is an unmissable choice. The premise might seem peculiar at first: a man reincarnated as a slime in a fantasy world. However, this unusual premise paves the way for a surprisingly deep and well-developed story.. . The protagonist, Satoru Mikami, is reborn as Rimuru Tempest, a slime with unique abilities. What makes Rimuru particularly engaging is his charisma and intelligence, which he uses to navigate this new and vast world. The series stands out for its character development, showcasing not only Rimuru's growth but also ...
The very culmination of this anime is the author's wet dream of being stepped on, albeit a fetish from a known variation of the anime community. If you're no fan of watching the anime having its self-insert like the author just shamelessly shows that he's a fan of this madness, you should probably stop what you're doing. This anime purely exhibits such dangerous energy that I am hindering myself from uttering those words. I don't think I need to elaborate further about the animation, it's nowhere near as bad as other CG animations go and you can see where MOST of the budget went into ...
Start watching Mashle: Magic and Muscles now because I guarantee you won't regret it.. At first glance, this anime resembles a replica of several popular animes, such as One Punch Man. However, Mashle only borrows ideas from them and does not disappoint in adding fun and creative twists. In general, this anime is a typical shounen with occasional, funny jokes and brings enjoyment.. . Story (7.5/10). To start, the main protagonist of Mashle, Mash Burndead is born in a world where magic is considered a "gift from god to humans" and people's social status depends on their magical ability. People's ability and potential to use magic is based ...
An ardent Anime adventurer apprehends aptly well, whenever Anime is perceived to be in grave peril, there arises out of the depths of an unknown realm hailed, Trigger, a new saviour, that appears on the scene merely to save Anime, again and again and again. So how could there be any alteration this time around. Dungeon Meshi is here to save Anime, and you better believe it so.. . Plot: Take, let's say Danmachi or if you prefer SAO and couple it with Shokugeki no Soma or better yet with Gin no Saji, the offspring that this union might bring forth, without the bonk-i-ness, would be Dungeon ...
In a realm of mystic enchantment, where arcane forces dance with gleaming blades and valiant seekers tread, vast dungeons loom, harboring creatures of perilous might.. . A venomous scorpion, its poison a lethal elixir, capable of claiming a mortal's breath with but a single sting. A serpent of monstrous proportions, with a chicken's tail entwined in its slithering coils, a grotesque fusion of fowl and serpent.. . Behold the colossal, man-eating behemoth of a flora, a devourer of souls that can engulf a grown soul like a fleeting whisper. Lastly, the crimson-hued dragon, resplendent in its majestic form, wings that command swirling vortexes, and a fiery breath, a tempest ...
Its always challenging writing an unbiased review of an anime/dongua one is emotionally invested in. One feels a bit disloyal if a review is not glowing. That said, I feel one can still love something while being aware of its short-comings.. . If you're reading this I'm assuming you've already watched S1, so a large portion of this review will be a comparison.. . The storyline of S2 faithfully follows the novel; we start to see more of Xie Lian's backstory and painful truths start emerging. In other words the emotional angst ramps up from S1. In terms of animation of facial expressions I feel they were able to ...
While this felt mostly like a season filler it was still fun to watch. It's a neat concept that's just enough over the top to be interesting. The art direction in this is really great with the blood being all kinds of different colors and just the world popping makes it a joy to watch. It has some good characters and some really good moments between them and easy to relate to. While it never gets serious enough for me to enjoy it seriously its a good anime to kill time with and it can be a lot of fun.
Man where to I begin. This was awesome. This is probably one of the earlier anime I tried watching and right off the bat I noped out, now I'm back as I'm itching to take in more of Triggers work and this did not disappoint in giving me a big ole dose of Studio Trigger. Right from the first episode it pulls you in with its over the top flashy animation and this battle between "good" and "bad". As the anime goes on it goes higher and higher and it feels like I'm watching the final episodes of an anime with a budget worthy of ...
I mean what can I say about this, its more Baki, if you're this far in you know what you're getting. While this one has a bit less focus on side characters as the first series and focuses more on Baki it still retains the same badass goofyness in its fights and buildups. While these types of anime aren't my go to its nice to watch and blow off some steam every now and then and get a good laugh. Some of the scenes were hilarious, but it also did have some side moments with his father which were mostly irrelevant and felt just like ...
I think this is an underrated anime. Even though the graphics of this anime are quite poor, the story is so good!. You cannot find much anime that gives you knowledge together with fun. The story of each episode is almost like the case of Detective Conan. You need to find out why pets do this thing, that thing. But after the protagonist solves it, you will understand the whole story.. . I don't have a pet so I did not have much experience with that but after I watched this anime, now I think I understand pets quite good even give advice to the pet owner (I ...
Golden Kamui 4. . Have you ever seen a pseudo Jack the Ripper fight an army officer while the two were shooting at each other with their own "cum"? No? Of course not, but now is your chance. When I started this season, I never expected to see a scene like this on my screen. But I was impressed by it, something like this should be seen more often.. . Aside from the masterful performance delivered by this bizarre fight, I must also continue to praise how well the series has developed. Even though this season had more adventure episodes than story episodes, they were made very interesting. It's ...
Summertime Render is a show that has been on my radar since it released, and finally watching it now, I regret not watching it as soon as it came out.. . To put it in simplest terms, Summertime Render feels like an anime adaptation of that one 5D Chess game. I don't want to spoil too much, so I'll refrain from sharing too many details, but it is simply a masterclass in telling an intriguing mystery story that can both let you theorize and still completely surprise you. These "surprises" aren't asspulls either, every reveal is either hinted at beforehand, or makes complete sense once you think ...
I am so happy that I did not listen to the thoughts of others, and just went into this show blindly!. All I see is others saying that this is rushed, and the pacing was off yada yada yada. THEY'RE WRONG. It is so important to go into this with an open mind, and to just accept what you see. Just because the story is told in an unorthodox way that doesn't stive to be like other animes, does not mean it is told incorrectly. The story is told in a unique way, wherein they answer one question while simultaneously creating 5 other questions. I ...
I can't believe I dropped this series back when it aired due to the influx of romance genre being pumped out and being baited by generic or just not for me series.. . I might've given it two episodes originally and just gave up, because the first episode is such a poor representation of this show. This really is a hidden gem in the romcom genre in anime. I always thought romcoms in anime had to have characters that goes above and beyond, to be that unachievable best boy/girl status to rise to these heights because I didn't believe anime could actually do romance this well. Yamada ...
I wish I could rate higher than 10.. . After the release of Season 2 and finishing that, I decided to give the whole show a re-watch in one whole go, just finishing Season 1.. . I brought one of my first time viewing JJK friends a long with me and his apt description of this being an "anime kinda anime" justifying that regardless of this being a Shounen genre show, it brings to life every part that you'd love from different genres, from genuine and meaninful connections between characters, to goofy moments that'll make you laugh and incredible fights, it really has it all.. . Of all of the ...
Vinland saga’s first season was already amazing, Thorfinn was a character who wasn’t the best role model, and was only seeing revenge. Now, I enjoyed the season because Thorfinn was a character who was constantly developing. I also really like the action and historical aspect of the show. At the end of the season Thorfinn has his whole source of revenge taken away. Seemingly leaving him to wonder what his purpose is; something we all can relate to. Season 2 brought us back with Thorfinn as an adult now, but now a hollow shell with the mindset of not having anything to live for. What ...
I really enjoyed this anime, ignore everyone saying the ML is a red flag, he's not. I thought he was a green flag tbh. I loved the affection he had for the FL and how it was depicted. If you want to complain about something, go complain about Wolf Girl and Black Prince where the guy was actually trash. This ML never objectified to the FL, he genuinely loved her and treated her like she was a princess, and shocker-- the chemistry was great. He never once degraded her, put her down, or said anything to hurt her. He was considerate in every regard, so ...
After a Season 2 which impressed pretty much nobody, The Rising of the Shield Hero Season 3 returns with a much more interesting story than "destroy the Spirit Tortoise". I'll assume you've seen the prequels for the purposes of this review.. . Story & Characters: With the Spirit Tortoise behind Naofumi and company, The Rising of the Shield Hero Season 3 has us on a newer plotline - find the missing heroes. Motoyasu, Ren and Itsuki have gone missing and, in order to prepare for the next Guardian Beast attack, that of the Phoenix, they must be found. Naofumi and company must find these ...
JC Staff gave Golden Time a brilliant adaptation despite some awkward moments, a few rushed sequences, and a fitting but strange resolution to a major character in the last episode. As expected of Yuyuko Takemiya, who is also the author of Toradora!, Golden Time is patient with its storytelling, emotionally charged, and interpersonally complex. To avoid a long review, I’ll give three reasons to watch Golden Time and one critique:. . (1) In the realm of anime romance, Banri and Kouko are among the easiest to root for. Kaga Kouko especially is among the most satisfying female leads I’ve seen in terms of her personal development. Her ...
tldr: good. If you liked season 1 and 2, you'll like this one. But as an ln reader, I'm a little disappointed. Read the ln for a better experience. . Purely from an average anime watcher's perspective, this show is still pretty great. The plot is quite intriguing and the way the anime portrays the main character makes him seem completely unpredicable, which increases enjoyment. This show really forces you to think, or if you don't want to, wait for it to reveal everything to you. The characters in the show are very unique and complex, not exactly what you would find in a show about high ...
tl;dr: An incredibly simplistic lighthearted and comfy isekai with solid and varied enough comedy to make it a pretty fun watch.. . This anime is yet another isekai with an overpowered protagonist. It’s a bit rarer for such anime to be laidback with the protagonist living the slow life, though that’s still not enough to make it particularly novel. The English title uses the word pharmacist so I expected something like the protagonist being a pharmacist in our world and then using that knowledge in another world, in the process also teaching the viewer some real pharmaceutical knowledge. This anime is nothing like that, though apparently such ...
(ENG vers.). An incredible experience, with two hours that flew by in the middle of this mysterious, comforting and very, very beautiful journey. Here there is no need to search for subliminal messages or hidden meanings in the middle of the film, you can simply enjoy every moment passing by, no matter how mysterious they may be.. . ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. . (PT-BR vers.). Uma experiência incrível, com duas horas que passaram voando no meio dessa viagem misteriosa, reconfortante e muito, mas muito linda. Aqui não é necessário buscar por mensagens subliminares ou significados ocultos em meio ao filme, você pode simplesmente apenas curtir todos os momentos passando, por mais misteriosos que sejam.
Neon Genesis Evangelion (1995) is a true masterpiece of anime, its gorgeous artwork, masterful animation, and stellar story create an iconic and inspiring work that stays relevant even three decades after its debut. The artwork in NGE is remarkable, with the iconic style and quality of 90's anime but diverging from the mecha genre: the Evangelion look nothing like the mechas of the era, and the Christian imagery (while not actually linked to the story) is beautiful nonetheless. The animation feels fresh and vibrant: the Evangelion move with wild beastlike motion, unlike any other mechas. But the true achievement of NGE is its story. The ...
It's like, The Eminence In Shadow mixed with Redo of Healer mixed with Sword Art Online.. . It's definitely better than the average show, but it does have a bland theme, a group of people get sent to an unknown world with magic to fight the demons.. . The fights are alright, the monsters the MC fights are almost all CGI, and bad CGI at that.. . The characters are alright, I haven't started the second season yet, but the introductions to new characters are a little rushed, and the MC sometimes contradicts himself. The MC goes from "I don't care about random people I've never met" but every support character ...
✵Synopsis and Background Story✵. . This show focuses on struggles between characters, in different school classes, aspiring to enter the highest class in Japanese society, some classes scheming against each other. It's truly amazing how it manages to keep you on your toes, wondering what might be next. This anime is truly unlike any other that I've seen before, especially being set from a teenager's perspective who wants to hide his true indentity and act like normal highschool student. The Drama, mysterious characters and psychological elements makes classroom of the elite lovers to keep coming back and watch the anime again to understand this amazing but complex ...
=====TL;DR=====. . STORY (Review adjusted based on show length). . Complexity: 7. World-Building: 8. Pace: 9. Direction: 9. . CHARACTERS (Review adjusted based on show length). ...
By far the most devious line that Sanji's ever said.. . It must be a formula at this point. Get a random villain with extreme ideas, end of the world type, the gang, have them interact, then hate each other, they lose at first, they'll win next time. Boom, you got a “One Piece” movie. Along the way we encounter new worlds, with new costumes, accompanied by awesome animation, beautifully choreographed fight scenes, but not much else.. . Contrary to the film “Strong World”, this one eliminates personal stakes entirely. This is the gang getting back at some random guy who did them wrong, but there's nothing extremely ...
a story like no other, in a market full of isekai's, romances, slice of lives and comedic over the top stories anime tends to bring us, this stands out as something truly unique and unreplicable, the message behind this show is something that can be interpreted differently by each person who views it and covers many deep philosophical topics in a show disguised as two potato girls riding a strange little army tractor thing around a city that has been destroyed that consists of multiple layers, the visuals are quite beautiful and the show really shines with its world, how the viewer knows just as ...
Muito bem feito,uma animação de se aquecer os corações,cumpre bem o seu propósito,pois foi capaz de me passar as boas sensações que estão presentes nessa animação.A animação stop motion impressionou-me,ficou bem boa e os cenários estiveram ótimos do começo ao fim.Gosto bastante da franquia de Pokemon e fico satisfeito com tais lançamentos e trabalhos que entregam ao público.. . Very well done, a heart-warming animation, it fulfills its purpose well, as it was able to give me the good feelings that are present in this animation. The stop motion animation impressed me, it was very good and the sets were great. beginning to end. I really like ...
Frieren proves the 3 episode rule I've been abiding from a random anime blogger since 2005 truer than ever.. . I had stopped at episode 2, disappointed at what appeared to be a slice of life series with no goal except the MC being out of touch with reality. But the show really starts at episode 3. At 3 you get all the ingredients that take this show from okay to great, and it just gets better as it goes along.. . I do still think the first two episodes were very weak, but once you have the actual goal established things click together nicely and the brief flashbacks ...
(I have added all seasons to my personal anime list, and each season will get the same review from me, so I apologize if you have seen this more than once or are about to see this more than once.) When watching a lot of other anime as a new watcher, I had a really hard time getting into a lot of them because for me it was so incredibly easy to predict the plot. For some reason I was always able to tell just how an anime was going to end or in which direction it was headed. That was not the case for ...
(I have added all seasons to my personal anime list, and each season will get the same review from me, so I apologize if you have seen this more than once or are about to see this more than once.) When watching a lot of other anime as a new watcher, I had a really hard time getting into a lot of them because for me it was so incredibly easy to predict the plot. For some reason I was always able to tell just how an anime was going to end or in which direction it was headed. That was not the case for ...
(I have added all seasons to my personal anime list, and each season will get the same review from me, so I apologize if you have seen this more than once or are about to see this more than once.) When watching a lot of other anime as a new watcher, I had a really hard time getting into a lot of them because for me it was so incredibly easy to predict the plot. For some reason I was always able to tell just how an anime was going to end or in which direction it was headed. That was not the case for ...
(I have added all seasons to my personal anime list, and each season will get the same review from me, so I apologize if you have seen this more than once or are about to see this more than once.) When watching a lot of other anime as a new watcher, I had a really hard time getting into a lot of them because for me it was so incredibly easy to predict the plot. For some reason I was always able to tell just how an anime was going to end or in which direction it was headed. That was not the case for ...
(I have added all seasons to my personal anime list, and each season will get the same review from me, so I apologize if you have seen this more than once or are about to see this more than once.) When watching a lot of other anime as a new watcher, I had a really hard time getting into a lot of them because for me it was so incredibly easy to predict the plot. For some reason I was always able to tell just how an anime was going to end or in which direction it was headed. That was not the case for ...
So watching this obviously I realize its super ecchi maybe more than that, but honestly I'm dying of laughter these past 3 episodes. I think if I wasn't able to find some humor and it was just pure ecchi I don't know if i'd be able to stay. The characters are all pretty funny and our MC is honestly hilarious lol.. . Don't expect much out of this anime, or maybe do idk. Just realize going in the PLOT is there for sure :) . Would 10/10 rec watching this high it'll make the humor so much more dumb and funny.. . I really like OPs this OP ...
If you are new to watching anime, or are an anime watcher wanting to catch up on some of the more popular anime out there, this is definitely one that I would recommend. The best way I would be able to describe it is cute, entertaining, and meaningful. For all the new anime watchers out there, this show has comedy, action, and heartfelt scenes that are sure to get you sucked into it. For all the seasoned anime watchers, I offer the same advice but also with the twist that this show references a lot of other anime throughout out! There's no shortage of easter ...
I wasn't actually sure if I was going to like this show or not, but I had seen a good review about it on tiktok and decided to give it a shot! If you are someone who finds yourself liking horror, gore, and dark themes twisted with a bit of sick romantic tension, then this show is definitely for you! I enjoyed learning about each character, and seeing how each problem was handled. The only reason I didn't give it a higher rating is because there were definitely some parts of the show that could have been worked on/elaborated/explained in a better way. However, I ...
Synopsis and Background Story. . In this school, students are judged not only on their academic abilities but also on their social and psychological skills. The main attractions are the drama, school life, and psychological elements that keep fans coming back to see the character development and complex plot.. . Visuals and Animation. . With Lerche as its animation studio, Classroom of the Elite 3rd Season features stunning visuals and good animation. The character designs stay true to the light novel version, with an improved animation quality that viewers can enjoy.. In every scene, we can feel the attention to detail given by the animation studio to visualize this intriguing school world. ...
A mystifying landscape convulses, buildings crumble, and a malevolent tower pierces the heavens. This isn’t your average isekai picnic. Ishura, the anime adaptation of Keiso and Kureta’s light novel series, bursts onto the scene with the subtlety of a golem on Red Bull, leaving viewers equal parts bewildered and exhilarated. But will this wild ride surpass its manga and light novel roots, or crumble under the weight of its own ambition?. . Forget your typical power-hungry demon king. Ishura’s world is ruled by a pantheon of demigods – a fencer, a lancer, a wizard, and an assassin vying for the title of “True Hero.” Sounds like a ...
There is a way of doing shows, you either come out with a bang, or you go creative wit it, or you miss the ball completely. As for this show, it's going in a creative direction for sure, and if it stays on that path, it may turn out to be a good watch.. . Story and characters: 7. Normal animes will present to you a main character, set the scene, and then we're off to the races with what comes next, as follow them and their journey. This one has done something different. It reminds me of Restaurant to another World in it's opening stages. Instead of ...
First, you should take my recommendation of this anime with a grain of salt… preferably one the size of A BUILDING.. . Some people like ecchi and some people hate it. But those who like it REALLY like it.. And so if this genre is your thing, you can’t NOT watch this show… unless there is something physically preventing you from doing so (you have no internet and live too far from anyone who does, your tv exploded, computer exploded, or your prison warden won’t let you, or your phone exploded). So since that eliminates very few unfortunate people, you are watching this and now it’s only down ...
Still surprises me to this day, that a show like this can get an anime, as it really stretches the line of what is an anime, or what is direct 'hen' I say this, as one who has read the manga of this series, and seeing the reactions, sitting there and cringing like 'Mmmm, you haven't seen nothing yet LOL.' But what makes the show enjoyable, is for a different number of reasons, of which I will explain.. . Story and characters: 8. The characters, the more you dive into them, are one of the core reasons as to why this show can be good. As lets face ...
Magical girl have been around for a long time and it obviously has grown a lot of audience from kids to adult but then again, it always intended for kids so the story is obviously gonna be pretty basic ,straight forward and end happily MOST of the time, so some adult decide to make a more adult oriented magical girl with more deep plot and darker conotation like "Nanoha" or "revolutionary girl utena" and this genre of magical girl peak with mahou shoujo madoka magica back in 2011 and it's been years since we got another adult magical anime without it being super edgy and ...
As the first review I must say, this is the best of Classroom of the Elite because there is more Arisu Sakayanagi, it makes me so happy, here in the disabled fandom we get very little recognition but it makes me so happy that the people behind Classroom of The Elite know what they are doing, the story follows s2. . One thing I find strange is how some characters can be so dumb and the others can be so smart in the same place, but each personality is unique and reflects the psychological behaviour of how someone with their personality would react.
13 Episodes in and I'm invested, I love any kind of character growth. At first I thought it might've been a reboot for even younger children than past seasons, but oh boy was I mistaken. The change of pace and new villains just makes ME want more and more.. . 1st I wanna talk about the "villains" of pokemon, Team rocket and this new one:. I never understood Team Rocket. Jessie and James were fine, since their objective was to be "loved" by their boss, but the "actual" team rocket had a weird and impossible objetive, how and why would you steal other people's pokemon? they wouldn't ...
GTO: Great Teacher Onizuka is a classic, must-watch anime.. . Story/Pacing -. I've enjoyed watching Onizuka's students go from hating him to loving him. The story can be very inconsistent at times.. . Animation (7/10) -. At first, I was not too fond of the animation. But as you gradually get used to it, you become a fan of it.. . Characters (9/10) -. Eikichi Onizuka: Eikichi might just be one of my favorite characters of all time! A GREAT character. You can insert him into any story, or situation, and it'll automatically be more fun. Onizuka doesn't teach school lessons. He teaches life lessons; ones that will ...
Have you ever had such a special connection to a piece of media that you end up perceiving it as not just perfect in general, but perfect for you? That's how I've felt with Madoka Magica and more specifically this movie, Rebellion. Even though I can see myself recommending this movie to many people in my life in the future I doubt that most people will understand just how much I love this film and why. I also understand this movie has its vocal crowd of people that straight up don't agree with how the story's direction was taken and there is a valid discussion ...
Whatever I say about this anime, won't be enough! Violet Evergarden is truly, at least to me, a masterpiece. Starting from the tragic but filled with hope - story. Going to the incredible soundtrack that is placed perfectly for each scene no matter if it is a key one or not. Continuing with the mesmerising artstyle and animation that is just so smooth and so well done! Combining all of these ... you get Violet Evergaden!. . A story about a girl who was used as a war tool, a killing machine that transforms into this lady who learns about all of the various emotions a ...
Fate is known and respected by many but even with all the love it gets, I still feel like this show is not praised enough.. From amazing visual effects to incredible animation, everybody is aware that this series is beautiful. However something that's not being talked about enough is how amazing the OSTs are, how good the concept of the show is and how well its written especially compared to other shows that set the bar for "amazing animation". This show doesn't only give you visuals.. . The narrative of the story is predictable but has plenty of plot twists, and when I say "predictable" I mean ...
I thoroughly enjoyed this anime, particularly appreciating the animation quality. However, there were instances where the narrative abruptly shifted to a point in the story without offering an explanation of how the main character arrived there. Despite this, I would wholeheartedly recommend the anime due to its exceptional world-building and a compelling storyline, in my opinion. It proved to be an easy watch, and I developed a deep fondness for the characters. While certain moments felt a bit lackluster, primarily due to the main character not always making the smartest decisions, there were still numerous enjoyable aspects to the series. Overall, I consider it a ...
Great show really enjoyable especially if you like the high IQ stuff like that from the first half of Death Note this is for you! The ending of the season totally makes it worth watching it's unexpected and surprises you. The music is also great and so is the animation quality my only critique would be Emma, one of the most annoying characters on the planet if not for her naivety all 12 episodes would be much more enjoyable. Still totally recommend this just try to ignore her because this show is really great with some interesting twists and turns.
There's basically two fandoms from the same series, fighting over which aspect is better.. . Oh, the past. The idea that everything's happened, and we can't change it, and the desire to do so can only reign into a meaningless fruit. Now, using the past, as a tool to change the future, beyond the present? I've never seen such a thing. Ripped straight from the bowels of a Nolan movie, combined with the tragedy and drama of life itself. The two camps, the two movies, and both have their strengths; BUT, from what I've seen, people can only pick one.. . The story began with the sort of premise ...
Raiyantsuuri no Uta is a period drama based on real events, recounting the life of an escaped forced labour prisoner of war, Inlen, a Chinese farmer who was forcefully taken to a coal mine in Hokkaido by the Japanese military during the Pacific War. Escaping just two weeks before Japan's defeat, after undergoing unimaginable forced labour, he embarks on a challenging life as a fugitive, yearning to return to China, oblivious to the war's conclusion.. . The movie establishes itself with a hooking introduction, showing the escape from the labour prison and seamlessly transitioning into Inlen's life being on the run and struggling for survival in the ...
Preface: I read the manga for this before the anime was released. I will do my best to note how this show feels without the manga bits!. . Overall, this show is your standard and mostly streamlined shonen anime. We got the cool protagonist along with a cool cast fighting against some maybe cool beings. The biggest appeal to this show I would say is the atmosphere of the main island the show takes place on. I believe the pacing was a little slow overall, but the big moments in the show are captured well. This includes the primary tension between Gabimaru and Sagiri.. . I think this show ...
It's like harem, but on turbo crack :). . Pretty fun premise and enjoyable if you've experienced a couple of harem anime/manga beforehand. 100 Girlfriends is over the top and the jokes are FUNNY HAHA with a little CUNNY!. . I really like Karane; she is great along with Hakari! In fact, the relationships between the character pairs (Ex. Shizuka and Nano) are wholesome and add to the comedy of the show. We get some bits of character development throughout the show and it leads us to a single conclusion: Rentaro is the greatest harem protagonist in fiction.. . 9/10! I'm surprised that I can rate this so high compared to ...
I can't say this one immediately grabbed me. I've seen other romcom/SoL anime that set the stage beautifully from the outset, and while this set up the characters well enough, the chuunibiyo-meets-cute foodie setup just didn't speak to me strongly. It's fine - even if "opposites attract" has been done before, you could see that this was going to be a cute story, with Yamada being just the sweetest cinnamon roll (and eating all the cinnamon rolls while maintaining a body that definitely does not look like a middle schooler's) and Ichikawa overreacting to a variety of socially frustrating situations. That's what I thought, anyway. ...
More than a review, this is a life story.... . I always had a strange feeling with this one, I really liked it but I was not satisfied, I felt something was missing.. . It is listed as an original work, but the plot and the development were too much like they would be an adaptation from another work so I decided to look for it, but as the name was simple AF I knew I had a long way to go.. . I searched in manga, but after long I found nothing, next I looked into VN but the result was the same.. . There were three possibilities left, either it was ...
First 15 episodes but on cocaine.. . Really solid recap movie that did a lot more than I expected. I watched up to the 15th episode, so going in I was well aware of the plot beats. The additional scenes that were added though really bring a lot of flare to the OG series. I will say that it’s highly recommended to watch the whole series before seeing this, at-least up to episode 15 so you get the plot.. . Also wanna mention that watching this in a theater is an amazing experience and was surprisingly packed. Seeing this in 4DX is an absolute treat. Can’t wait for part ...
Continuing with the junk food analogy, if the first season was like regular Lays, this is baked Lays. It's slightly more interesting kept me wanting a little more than the end of the first season did. I hope it isn't meant to be taken seriously because sometimes it's kinda hard to, especially in those last few episodes. I may have given it an 8 but that's based on my own personal enjoyment, nothing objective. The animation is pretty middle of the road but it wasn't really distracting in any way. We learn more about the characters this season so that's always fun. Overall, pretty alright ...
Gungrave follows the lives of two friends Harry and Brandon from small jobs to organized crime. The story starts from somewhere in the middle and then comes back to the beginning. The plot revolves around the dynamics between these characters and their changes throughout the story. The fight scenes are not so thrilling but the show is fascinating to watch due to its balance between thrill and emotion. The characters are sketched out quite well, particularly Harry, however there is a bit of inconsistencies in their behavior. The animation is okay, but the sound has an average level with small changes in voice actors. All ...
On the one hand, I'm surprised that we actually got an adaptation of After School Hanako (ASH). On the other hand, I'm confused about the timing, since nothing of Hanako came in animated form for years and now this appeared just before the release of the second season / remake (?). Although I'm not complaining about that. The adaptation of ASH is actually really well done for such a mini-series. ASH consists of funny little short stories from Toilet Bound Hanako-Kun. Each episode of the anime consists of 2 chapters and therefore 2 stories. They don't give any further in-depth impression of the world or ...
In fact, at first you might think this is just another romantic comedy, which it is. However, after the first 2 episodes, you will encounter a much more entertaining story.. . Story (9/10): A classic school love story, but it handles it magnificently and fluently. Even though I got a little bored in the first 2 episodes, I finished the rest in one sitting and it is definitely one of the best romantic comedies to watch.. . Art(10/10): Absolutely wonderful. Neither too little nor too much. The harmony of colors with the drawings is magnificent. Fascinating.. . Characters(9.5/10): Absolutely surprising and interesting! A model who eats too much and a small ...
This opinion will have spoilers and I am going to divide it into 3 points, the animation, the plot and the message.. . First speaking of the audiovisual, it is crazy, all the details are very careful, it has incredible fluidity, backgrounds to match and what would stand out the most is the color palette and the good use they gave it to emphasize and elevate many moments , they knew how to convey the despair of the world very well and they also knew how to highlight the small happy moments that the characters can have. As for the music, it is well implemented and thanks ...
The bond between yuu and mika is something i looked forward to in the first season. . why do i always get the best anime either randomly or by mistake?. . it's soo good, the whole adaptation was worth every second. . the way they portray friendship and love for one's family is so cool. . at first i thought yuu needed to work on his strength but as the show progressed i started to understand what it was al about. . ...
Moe, Moe, Moe and kawaii :3. . The above staement embodies the show. I found myself smiling and giggling as saw the show went on. I'll spare you the details but to make it brief, it shows us the perspective of a young man who becomes a kindergarten teacher and finds himself a pleasant surprise: at the receiving end of the kids affection but oblivious to his blessing, he adores his co worker the kira kira eloquent sensei that teaches the kids in the class next to him. The young man finds himself often gazing at her with eyes of need and slips into daydreaming however his ...
Why is this so Underrated?. . By Far the best Anime Movie I have seen to date, this including big named Ghibili Films from Miyazaki, Shinkai films, Kon’s Psychological films, etc.. one of the best Mappa Works ever produced.. One of the Best animations.. One of the Best coming of age stories.. Very very very great job done Netflix.. . I don’t wanna go to in-depth here, Just really wish this gets out to more people who also see it for the beauty that it is. I know it’s a recent work from late 2023 but still.. . I know recall how this anime was hyped up even since 2022 where I ...
Very neat and accurate understanding on otaku culture from the 90s and now, and really let people feel the gap of what differences in illustration can be produced from computer system's capability. Was really impressed by 1st episode with all the otaku reference and eroges. As someone who has touched all the areas as otaku, including illustration, made me feel very relevant and appreciated.. . Last few episodes's content are debatable, I understand what they are trying to say, but I think it wasn't executed very well. There are also lapses, as other reviews probably mentioned, about the difference in say dress style / norm in ...
This is someone else's review, which I'm sharing instead of theirs.. . Okay, I gotta say this before it slips from me, and sorry in advance because this will sound like an "um, actually" moment, but I can't help but geek out: I love the whole premise of the shadow dissociating from the self. very Jungian and factually close to the psychological processing of intense trauma. and the ghost not being able to move on (as far as I understand up until this point) because it cannot accept "all the ugly feelings" (in Jungian psychology, attaining self-actualization cannot happen unless the self integrates with the shadow, and ...
At first, it was pure monotony with the political aspect, but like the other seasons, after a few episodes, you want to see more and more and understand more about the world of Overlord. The supporting characters are entertaining, and there is growth among them.. . I hope the story continues to be solid, and soon there will also be a conclusion to the series to understand more of what happens.. . The anime manages to seamlessly demonstrate both action and political elements, and once you get used to it, you see the animation with great fluidity. I recommend it because the story is captivating, and the protagonist, like ...
Hello everyone. . I want to tell you about my very special and very nice experience when watching "Charlotte" .. . Actually, I'm not the type of person who likes to watch school and romance anime .. But this is the first time I've watched a school anime (with the little romance in school anime) and I liked it.It was an amazing experience. . . First,I thought that I would stop watching it (this was at episode 4) and not to think about watching a school anime again , but I said that it was a short anime that I would finish very fast and put on my list, but by ...
Ichigo 100% is a romantic show with some features of ecchi and harem genres. It has a refreshing approach to romance that takes into account the diversity of characters.. . The various characters in the story bring about an added dimension. The character Yui Minamito has a different personality in the group with her odd habits, and she leaves in an unexpected twist. The heroines of the story, including Tsukasa Nishino, Satsuki Kitaoji and Aya Toujou each add their individuality to the plot. A positive feature is Toujou's character growth from a meek bookworm into something more assertive.. . The volatile personalities of Junpei Manaka make his character unpredictable. ...
While the first season was your standard "Cute girls are doing cute things", second season is weird, and mostly from the directing and animation point of view. Strange pauses, transitions, views and movements kinda catch you off-guard. Yet because of that it's way more memorable and interesting to watch. It kinda breaks itself, but not to the point of being unwatchable, but just weird, a tiny bit surreal even.. Plot-wise also gives you a bit deeper things, but again, does not overstay it's welcome, and most of the time it's your average slice of life.. Definitely not for everyone's enjoyment, but definitely worth trying.
Okada’s work is always so difficult to talk about. She blends surrealism with melodrama and conventional narrative tropes in a way that completely absorbs you in the beauty of her worlds, without sacrificing mainstream accessibility or emotional edge. Often it can come across as underdeveloped or lacking in cohesion (or even just generic), but generally I’ve always managed to find a personal connection somewhere within her stories, although I understand that they don’t work for everybody.. . Maboroshi, like the rest of her work, really struggles to hold itself together sometimes, but at its best moments it’s absolutely brimming with passion. Its contemplative reflection on the ...
Prescript:. . Don't watch this content around other people or with anyone; treat it like any other Ecchi!. . Introduction:. . "No Game No Life" is an Isekai where a brother and sister, absolute nerds in video games, find themselves transported into a world where everything is determined by games. Disputes, wealth, war, and territory are all settled through various games governed by the 10 commandments or rules:. . All murder, war, and robbery are forbidden in this world.. All conflicts will be resolved through games.. ...
In a beautiful blend of love and pain, Maquia: When the Promised Flower Blooms explores the life of an essentially ageless girl as she learns how to navigate the ever-changing world around her while learning what it means to be a mother. P.A. Works’ soft but gorgeous animation furthers these themes even more, especially as early delicate settings transition into cold cities that serve as the perfect environment to explore the cruelties of humanity as the story progresses. Maquia: When the Promised Flower Blooms does fumble some execution in its subplot and some big moments feel a little too convenient at times, but it ultimately ...
Cowboy Bebop was truly an influential piece of art that was created in the past few decades. Many credit it as a gateway anime that helped grow the medium in terms of reaching western viewers. Noting this, a part of me wondered if it would beat the expectations I unintentionally had.. . After watching it, I can confidently say that this anime is one of the best of all time.. . Story: 9. Cowboy Bebop was unconventional in its story-telling. Rather than focusing most episodes on one main storyline, it instead opted to be episodic. Most episodes could be watched on their own, as they had a story separate from ...
Mari Okada's inherent knack for the melodramatic surprisingly assumes a lesser role than usual, and instead, she opts for a thought experiment of sorts, choosing to exhaust all of htrer previous ideas around pure coming-of-age thematics. maboroshi is immersed in itself, willingly sifting through fluctuating narrative focus, completely engrossed in the microcosm of identity, or rather, the search for it. I'm fond of Okada's scope in this film, and while it's not her strongest piece of individual character writing (that would be her directorial debut), this breathes new optimism into values humanity has always held in high regard. The excitement of growth and the broadening ...
Chainsaw Man. Watching it,i feel like this was a really good anime. But reviewing it back,i give it a ratings of 8,68. . This anime has a good plot, although the plot concept is quite mainstream but the originality is still quite felt in the execution. Presents a unique story concept and can still be enjoyed enough. Although it can be felt that for some people the story presented may be too 'barbaric' or maybe too 'rubbish', but personally I have no problem and like this anime story that is presented. Maybe it's because basically I don't have too much expectations, so I consider this a good ...
This was a fun little series of videos. They were directed by Shunji Iwai, a very famous Japanese film director who has under his belt "All About Lily Chou Chou", "Undo", "Fireworks", among other famous reputed movies.. . Town Workers is a series of 3 5-minute lenght short movies that follows young adults getting their first part-time jobs, showing them struggling, enjoying, and interacting with their fellow "town workers". At the end of the day, they get home. Tired, but with a sense of realization. Tired, but proud—It's what I felt.. . The animation is good. The use of rotoscopy served well the show, making it feel realistic, ...
If you would like a more thorough version than the one you know from TV, then this is for you.. It goes beyond the Yellow brick road and continues the journey of Dorothy.. Going back home a few times but always being compelled to return to Oz.. On the plus side we are introduced to many more characters, as Dorothy travels round the Kingdom.. The Scarecrow is always more or less at Dorothy's side, helping her when needed.. I learned a lot more from this version, having not read any of the Books.. I can not recommend this enough, if you like the Classic's given a Japanese treatment, watch this.
When Mari Okada was in elementary school, she thought Aristotle(アリストテレス - Arisutoteresu - Aristotelēs) was two people(アリス と テレス - Arisu to Teresu - Alice and Therese), so if you understand this, you can stop searching for "these two characters" in the movie.. . In a world where time stopped flowing and life is replaced by a constant numbness. The Immutables tried to find the feeling of being alive - even if it's pain - under this dome and look for a way to escape, while the visitor found love in this numbness and decided to stay. Every time Okada can create a theme that deeply attracts ...
There have been a lot of these lately, usually the plot is reincarnated into an Otome Game as the villainess and trying to avoid the doom ending using the knowledge of the game, here however the twist is that the 'villainess' reincarnates back into herself six years before she meets her own doom with nothing but her memories and her diary of the intervening years to help her avoid her fate.. . I will say that because this current trope hasn't been overdone, I do find myself enjoying these types of series, the only issue I've had with most of them is that in most cases, they ...
While I have been waiting for this show for quite some time, it was a nice surprise to watch engaging and proficient characters despite stereotypes.. . The characters shown in the show were appealing, including Haru Glory and Elle. Though their design neither was revolutionary nor noteworthy, it had a charm in its simplicity and cuteness. With the mascots even, Plue and Griff added something special to the series, which offered character design creativity.. . The show was pretty well animated with nice characters and wonderful surroundings rendering it a treat to watch. The action scenes brought out the spirit of the story despite some shortcomings. The plot itself ...
Alice to Therese no Maboroshi Koujou feels like an anomaly in the modern anime world.. . Despite being produced by arguably the most well-known animation studio currently in the game (MAPPA) and written / directed by one of the greatest living authors in the Slice of Life-genre (Mari Okada), this movie has had almost zero marketing or "hype" behind it. Its theatrical release in Japan came and went without much fanfare, until Netflix eventually bought the rights to it and decided to all but shadow-drop it on their platform. No one I talked to even knew this movie was coming out, which makes its "non-existence" in the ...
There has always been a tendency of yuri anime/manga to be excessively dramatic and/or portray what one would call "toxic relationships" - this anime makes no exception. We'll elaborate on it in a moment. The impression I had of the two main characters was... well, bad... but then I remembered they're supposed to be teens on their first romantic adventure, and it all made sense.. If they were two adult women, I'd be put off by how utterly childish they both prove to be, but since they're kids, well, for them to be childish and inexperienced suddenly makes a lot more sense.. . Hougetsu Shimamura. This ...
(ENG vers.). Super fun anime to watch, with great comedy parts mixed with the progress of the story. There was no episode in which I left without a smile on my face or a look of shock due to the events of the plot. Even though it's short, it's very well tied together and manages to take us out of that sea of super famous animes where everyone has a very similar skeleton.. . Furthermore, the dynamics of the relationship between the two brothers is beautiful to see, and the tribute to the author at the end touched me a lot.. . ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. . (PT-BR vers.). Anime super gostoso de assistir, tendo partes ...
BINGEABLE!!! Good art. Excellent story. Nice characters!!! Real rating for this should be around 8. As this show is quality. Compared to those idiotic animes, where the hero is training in a room reaching LVL 37 and killing a demon boss while screamed on by the Ubiquitous stupid goddess idiot..... COME ON!!!. . Highly recommended if you have watched most dungeon isekai character progression animes, like Hunter x Hunter, Log Horizon 1-2, Sword Art Online (minus horrible Alicization), supreme Beast Tamer, My Daemon, Jobless Reincarnation, Berserk, Goblin Slayer, Yu Yu Hakusho, Shield Hero, Re Zero 1, etc.. and are currently watching amazing ...
This is said to be a harem and gender-bender series, but I'd say it's not really harem enough to be a harem and the gender-bender aspect isn't explored a whole lot. So how come I still think this is worth a watch even though my expectations weren't really met? Well.... . - Story & Theme. A teachers headache and a teachers pet accidentally kiss and switch bodies. You might think you know how that will turn out, but the series quickly changes into something else and what could have been a predictable story about two different people forced to live each others lives turns into a search for ...
I really liked the anime.. I am a gamer myself and always wanted to become a competitive player.. Hope there will be a continuation of the series.. The story is unique if you like gaming and E-sport you will love it.. Unfortunately, not enough is said about the characters.. I would like them to give a longer backstory on all the characters in the anime.. The progress in the plot is at a good pace.. The art is very good and it's fitting the story.. The game design was also good it looked like a game I would like to play.. . ...
This is pure junk food anime, nothin more, nothing less. There is nothing truly remarkable about it but I that didn't stop me from binging the whole thing in one sitting. The characters aren't really all that unique but it was easy to get attached to them, and the main character has an air of mystery about him which is interesting in the regard that he's the audience's vehicle into this world. I can't say I'm all that invested in the story and it's clear what the end goal is but that doesn't mean that I don't want to see how we get there. I ...
IGPX is by no means the deepest anime out there. It's extremely simple story-wise and the animation is average, but oh god is it perfect.. . If you're a sadsap like me who yearns for their 2000's nostalgia back, this anime is the embodiment of it.. . Aired on toonami, a soundtrack ripped straight from Ninja Tune, mechs, it is the ultimate slab of serotonin.. . More on the soundtrack, IGPX contains the greatest licensed soundtrack in anime history. In collaboration with the legendary Ninja Tune label, throughout the show you will hear beats from Amon Tobin, Cujo, Bonobo, The Herbaliser, and Neotropic. A roster of some of the ...
The anthology to trump all anime anthologies.. . The Animatrix is without a doubt, the greatest thing to come out of The Matrix trilogy. (that 4th one isn't real.). . The Matrix itself has a pretty spotty track record. From the masterpiece original, to the flawed, but awesome second, to the forgettable third.. . The Animatrix cuts all the fat and gives you what the series always should've been. As much as I like all the existential cerebral thinkpiece essays mouthed off in the movies, Animatrix strips itself to the bare essentials of the plot and concept of the Matrix. The animation varies in quality, (from great, to excellent) due to ...
If you derive "dementia" as the meaning of this, you're an idiot, sorry.. . Dementia, a sickness that consists of the mind decaying and slowly losing realization of memory and the world itself until its nothing.. . This short starts sparse, and starts slowly building itself into a wild, jazzy, abstract collage of wonderful sense expansion. It truly is the most extreme display of boredom and wandering thoughts expanding into a mess of creativity. no degradation to be seen so far.. . The score is wonderful, eccentric loops building until it explodes into an avalanche of free playing. it captures the monotony blooming into chaos perfectly.. . My only ...
Summertime Render is a mystery time-travelling show. Or that is what it is marketed as. It certainly is, and a great one at that, but is also a surprisingly good action drama. The author tells a compelling tale of monsters that have impacted the residents of Hitogashima Island in the past, and have emerged once again from the shadows.. . The show wastes no time from the very beginning. Everything is done for a reason. Each dialogue plays into the mysterious atmosphere that is slowly built around the characters. We follow the protagonist, Ajiro Shinpei, return to his home island for the first time in two years ...
SK∞ is quite literally one of its kind - it is the probably the only sports anime based on skateboarding. The best part of the show is that it committed to an exaggerated premise and absolutely delivered on it. If, in a sports show, characters are shown to practice as if their life depends on it, it can go two ways : it can stay normal and be underwhelming, or it can take the nuclear route and just make it endearingly absurd. SK∞ takes the second path.. . The premise is easy to comprehend : People who skate love the act of skating to the point of ...
Loved this show and even bought the manga. Now look, this show is definitely not for everyone, I can understand this.. . Cons:The censorship sucks in a show that is suppose to be rated R+, and the scenes that show skin are even that bad, the "sexual" scenes are clothed, and just a little foreplay. Yes, the humor is pretty dry and they skip around from the manga and (personal opinion) if they had follow the order and made it 10 episodes instead of 12, the consistency would be better.. . Pros: Opening is a banger, and the animation is pretty decent. The character interactions ...
Is Frieren really the best anime of all time as it's score would suggest? Probably not, but it's a breath of fresh air. When watching it's hard to find something to criticize. Everything is extremely solid. The characters are great, the animation is amazing, the fights are fun, very little fanservice (if that appeals to you), the comedy isn't pushed into your face, and the story of Frieren regretting how she handled her last adventure, getting a second chance, and retracing the steps of her last one is interesting.. . If you don't like slice of life ...
Rascal Does Not Dream Of Bunny Girl Senpai: A Romance psychological thriller disguised as a fan service Harem, this show has nothing to do with bunny girls at all but a believable relationship between two high schoolers. With some of the best modern animation that isnt anything over the top but just smooth and makes everything look good. No bad character designs and touching low moments. Attention was grabbed whenever we saw the main two together for the first time. Will not spoil it but give it a watch its very short and has a few movies afterwards i am still yet to get to.
It was such a bittersweet anime. At first, I thought that the doctor needed some beating to come back to his senses, but you will know once you check it out for yourself. All the characters were supportive. I like how the main female lead is stubborn yet strong. The mc did change though, because of her. It was comforting at the same time emotional (not too much) anime. I liked the art style as it wasn't one of those that people want now-a-days. Everything was simple yet beautiful. But I think this anime is not for everyone, but one thing is for sure if ...
Yuusha Party wo Tsuihou sareta Beast Tamer, Saikyoushu no Nekomimi Shoujo to Deau.. A realy enjoyable anime to watch,personally i give it a 8,61 ratings.. . For the overall story plot, this anime is not much different from other anime. It can be said that the plot offered is still quite mainstream and it is easy to guess where it will go. It feels like this anime will be very far from originality because in terms of plot it still imitates a lot and there are already many other anime that have the same plot. But at least the anime was executed very well which made me as ...
Not super scary and not super impactful, but it has its own charm. It's a pretty short watch that showcases the struggles of young girls; particularly, the desire to be desirable.. . The plot wasn't anything groundbreaking, it was pretty predictable for the most part. Due to the short episode lengths though, things tend to escalate really quickly. I wasn't bothered by the simple stories because the episodes are short enough that it doesn't really matter.. . The characters weren't so much characters as archetypes, used to represent different types of girls who all ultimately face the same emotional turbulence due to their environments. Despite the lack ...
It's nice that the characters in the anime have a separate personality from each other, the later anime and films already explain the characters in more detail, but my love is SABER! SABER is a perfect character in every aspect!. I don't think a better waifu will come to the anime world, saber is an excellent character in every aspect, I personally would like more episodes about saber.. . If you extend it by making 2 or 3 seasons and renewing the graphics of the bidet, I will give 10 stars. As someone who watched the whole series, I miss watching good episodes with Saber. Pls
“Being alive here is painful, but together with you make it less painful”. . Story 7.5/10. . A story of desperation and love in the world that is hopelessly lost.. . I’m never a fan of high abstract plot like Bubble and the Floating Apartment one, which I thought was pretty bad and a wasted potential with no message to say.. . Yet, Maboroshi, I manage to understand the whole plot on my first viewing and understand the message it tryna say pretty well. The story does create a good parallel for us to learn in real life which I thought a high abstract story never manage to do.. . Still though I wish for ...
Better than the actual anime were the fan-made animations and memes, they should be cannon.. Imagine a world where Jogoat exists, it would be a better place.. Thank you for reading, it was more difficult to watch the memes and animations than the amount of attention I spent writing this.. I'm just writing more so I can publish the damn review, because, for some reason, there's a minimum of words.. Can I publish now, My Anime List?. And now?. . Here are a few ideas of what you may want to include:. . Is the story unique? If it was predictable, did you enjoy it anyway because you like this genre/set-up?. Do you think the ...
After the success of S1, I was really looking forward to S2. My only challenge was that I simply don't have speed reading as a superpower. Donghuas are notoriously fast spoken and them subtitles eye wateringly fast. I opted to wait for the dub... so sue me.. . For those interested in dub review: it's pretty damn solid. Chen Xiaoshi's English VA is Alejandro Saab & Lu Guang is acted by Zeno Robinson. They are both heavyweight voice actors, with very impressive resumes.. The rest of the cast was also good, with only a few moments (some female cast) that I cringed a bit. Overall I ...
This was a very pleasant movie! It's basically a continuation of the ending of Cardcaptor Sakura. So if you want to understand this movie, then watch all 70 episodes of Cardcaptor Sakura. The premise is that Li is back in town and Sakura is in the 6th grade. She's playing a prominent role in her school play. The issue is that some of her cards are disappearing, and she has to get them back and figure out why.. . Overall, it's a wholesome ending that's true to Mahou Shoujo. The theme of friendship in contrast with loneliness. Plus the theme ...
Shirokuma Cafe is an excellent slice of life anime. It is perhaps one of the most wholesome shows in existence, and is a must-watch for any slice of life fans, animal lovers, and people who want to relax and get away from worldly concerns. It is also essentially family-friendly, and is free of violence or inappropriate content. Finally, it is a good anime for people trying to learn Japanese, since the voice acting is clear and easy to understand.. . Visuals: 8.5/10. Visuals are pretty good. Like some other slice of life shows, the art style is on the simpler side, but it fits the wholesome tone ...
Wowww this is Actually one of hidden gem never watchd anime so enjoy before until the last episode and can't wait to see the next story.. . Talking about the story Toaru Ossan VRMMO was perfectly fine but really disappointed with the animation they didn't put a lot effort maybe due to budget or something but whatever the reason Toaru Ossan VRMMO really really deserves high quality animations so this can be top anime also compared with the big names of anime this year, the releases of this series can competed fairly.. . Theme: VRMMORPG 30's salaryman give me good vibes 10/10. . Story background: i love kind of this base ...
"Huh, I wonder what the show that Renai Circulation is from is like.". -Me, 6 years ago, about to drastically alter the course of my entire life.. . There's a lot to be said about coming-of-age stories. If you're someone who reflects on the past a lot I think you'll agree with me here. Getting through adolescence, getting past high school, falling in love for the first time (and the second time), among other things. It's an integral part of the human experience. Bakemonogatari, and the Monogatari series as a whole, talks about all of this, with a level of nuance that I've quite literally never witnessed in ...
I personally believe that a good story will get you thinking about your own life in some way, if not change how you see it to some degree. ReLIFE is a pretty textbook example of a story that does that, especially if you've graduated from highschool and have had some time to reflect on it.. . This show didn't appeal to me for a while because it honestly sounded a little weird to me. A fully grown man redoing highschool? Plus, I didn't like the idea of watching a show about a so-called "failed adult." I frankly thought the protagonist was gonna be a typical pathetic loser, ...
this the best anime i have ever seen by FAR and i highly doubt anything will ever top it. every story arc is incredibly diverse and amazing. there has never been a point where HxH has been bad, only parts (the first 3-4 episodes) where its been alright. at first it might seem like a kid show, but it is far from that. saying that calling it a masterpiece is an understatement, is an understatement. its seriously one of my favourite things ever madem period. I think I like it more than my favourite video games, movies, etc. the power system is incredibly well thoughtout, ...
As an adamant fan of the Monogatari series, I watched Bunny Girl twice. My first run-through I watched the entire show with a mindset of "this series is a blatant copy of Monogatari" and likewise ended up disliking it. It is, at the end of the day, rather obvious how much this series takes from Monogatari.. . I think I best described it to a friend as if the Monogatari series was run through a coffee filter about seven times. Everything is there, but it's all dumbed down. The main character cares more about his friends than himself (to a fault), the main heroine is a tsundere, ...
Soul Eater is blessed with a simply impeccable production, being very unique in the visual aspect.. Having a very unique aesthetic, a mega intelligent and creative visual/artistic direction that provides us with memorable scenes with beautiful takes, fantastic, consistent and very expressive animation, very good soundtracks and a very individual atmosphere, making Soul Eater a very nice to watch. It must be one of Bones' best productions, as the effort they put into characterizing the anime is clear, whether in the expressiveness of the animation or the approach to the scenes, bringing a very beautiful visual show due to its great artistic direction.. We also have a ...
Incredibly fun, with great lessons to enjoy life and some very addictive songs. It is the anime that I have laughed the most at, it has an excellent level of comedy. The characters are unique and each one contributes what is necessary, now my life purpose is to be very similar to Akira and Kencho in their life philosophy.. The animation is incredible and very beautiful, and together with the unique narrative it creates a very entertaining world that you feel part of, enjoying life in the apocalypse!. The final chapters added and concluded in a magnificent way the why and how to enjoy life, at first it ...
Uma adaptação bem boa,que me impressionou em certos momentos,com uns belos higlights,mostrou várias melhorias,comparando á primeira temporada,porém em relação á produção,ela chega a ser consistente e inconsistente ao mesmo tempo,acredito que um dos motivos seja a famosa situação da equipa do studio Mappa,os operários todos fudidos,a trabalhar e a acumular cansaço,na esperança de puderem ver as suas familias,mas enfim,a luta do Sukuna contra o Jogo foi cinema,o arco do passado do Gojo ficou bem interessante,fiquei até com o desejo de ver mais,mas o arco não é tão longo para isso obviamente e coloco destaque nos acontecimentos e cenário caótico do arco de shibuya,que gostei de ...
The subject of the story, Onizuka, is a former leader of a biker gang with an aspiration to become a teacher. He is not a conventional hero but his character transformation throughout the series is fascinating. His past reveals the transformation from the “bad boy” to a good man. The vagaries of the show leaves you craving for more to come. The style in which the writer writes makes it easier for viewers to guess.. . The animation is not the selling point of this anime. It depicts a traditional hand-drawn animation style similar to anime classics such as Trigun, Ruroni Kenshin, or the early Dragonball Z, ...
Dude, this was one of the best movies that I ever watched. I may sound childish but that was such a masterpiece. The story in my eyes is unique. The art style is perfect for this anime. The characters are so cute. it was a bit predictable but still mysterious at some points. I think a lot more people should watch this. It's such a comforting type of anime. I like how children's friendship is portrayed in this movie. Everything about this movie is so good. I can sit down and watch it for hours. It's just so beautiful and comforting type of anime. ...
yep, i'ts jojo what can i possibly say that it wasn't said already? One of the most influential anime of all time only losing to Fist of The NorthStar, One Piece and Dragonball, Great Animation, gorgeous artstyles, amazing fights scenes, and lets not forget The character designs that some fights games take inspiration from. Jotaro is a badass( althought he can get kinda angsty tbh) that still inside has a kind heart, Joseph is a gem (thought i wish he had more time to shine), Polnareff can go from very funny to badasss to having one of the best moments in the series, Kakyoin the ...
the masterpiece for excellence, as well as the most recognizable of Studio Ghibli's films, Howl's Moving Castle is certainly not a film without flaws, with an extremely slow first half and little character development, the film proves itself as an authentic surprise during the second part. The characters of Howl and Sophie acquire value and their love becomes credible and extremely human. the animations are fabulous, the soundtrack is the best I've ever heard in an animated film, and the direction is excellent as always. The action scenes, although not very numerous, are animated in a very fluid and complex way, as are the character ...
If you're looking for a sports anime that's so much more than just it's genre then definitely don't miss out on Haikyuu!!. . This really is an anime that can be enjoyed weather you're a fan of volleyball or not. The character interactions are both hilarious and full of developement, managing to keep the pace flowing and riveting even with the vast majority of the show taking place on the volleyball court. . Side characters are also well developed despite their short amount of screentime, giving a good sense of their personalities and how they'd react to different situations. . The passion each player shows for volleyball is awe inducing, so hey, ...
I'm going to say that this anime is a short and cute one.. . To begin with, the anime all together lasts only 50 minutes, it is very little for an anime, most animes have a duration of +4 hours, that is... Too much, So I decided to watch something quieter for a change and that wouldn't take so much time.. . It is so simple, short, concise and beautiful. Because I know what a relationship is like and this is one that feels very real, they have their imperfections and they still love each other, beautiful. . I hope there are more animes like this.... . ESP: Ok ok, este anime es ...
"I don't think mistakes or failures are a bad thing because they always end up helping with whatever happens next. I believe I'll only be the best version of me once I overcome it all." - Ai Mizuno. . Where have you been all my life?. . Zombie Land Saga is the first case in anime I find to be an underrated gem. When you first look at the name, you may be expecting this to be just another horror show, but then you jump into the first episode and see that the zombies are the protagonists of this anime.. . First, I really love the word play with this title. ...
SHOTARO ISHINOMORI MENTIONED!!!!!!!! GO, GO, LET'S GO!!!!!!!! KAGAYAKU MACHINEEEEE. . A incredibly short special episode released a year after the original first season of this show. Just a quick final (for now...) look at Honda-san's daily life, in three little stories. Expect the same peculiar animation and lovable writing that you got in season 1. The first story in particular was hilarious, and the third contains some cheeky references to other mangas.. . There is honestly not that much to say. I guess I'm just sad we haven't gotten more content other than this.. . This shit better get a season 2 or else I'm gonna turn someone into an actual ...
Starting off with the art of "Jibaku Shounen Hanako-kun" because, honestly, it's BEAUTIFUL! The vibrant color palette, the collage-style animation, and the eye-catching scenes are all so lovely (?). It's something I'd want to capture with a camera or have as a wallpaper on my phone ..going to Pinterest to find good ones... . The OST is another 10/10 in the anime. The opening is now one of my favourites.. . I also really enjoyed the humour in the show. Yes, the setting might feel a bit childish. No wonder, since it's high-school. But the jokes are absolutely at their peak. "Chotto eroi" made me giggle a lot of ...
This short anime is a real underrated gem. A fun journey that will make you learn a lot about how bookstores work and that will inform you of the general mood of the workers at such stores. I was so enamoured by the daily struggles of Honda and co-workers, as they deal with publishers, wholesalers, foreigners and obsessive manga fans. The animation is super good and original in the way it presents the story and the gags. The writing is hilarious, you can tell the author knows how to ironize his experiences properly.. . Maybe the one complaint i have is that the pacing is incredibly fast. ...
What can we say about this movie ... for starters, not everyone will understand it. People who tend to have experienced something similar will relate a lot, people who haven't might not understand the movie.. . The movie itself is very good! The story follows the MC and we get to see how he literally grows up with all these feelings he has since when he was a child. Going spoiler free, all I can say is, the movie is full with symbolism, so pay attention to scenes and/or details to be able to grasp what's happening and what is about to happen.. . What you can "steal" ...
I will try my best to evaluate without any spoilers at all. . This is an anime with the best masterpieces of music that I have ever seen so far. This is an anime that is really really good at music but unfortunately not popular.. . Just imagine, this anime has a lot of music and it has different themes, there are pop, electro, rock, rap, and others. That's crazy, really amazing. Every few episodes have different songs and genres, different genres, it's really amazing. Considering anime themed music, the songs are just the same, maybe there are anime with different songs, maybe on average idol anime is not ...
These short extension episodes continue what the anime started : they deliver on the concept, and they deliver well. Each about 4 minutes long, the stories are standalone comedy scenarios that occur in the daily lives of the strong Oota and listless Tanaka.. . Each scenario is nothing over-the-top - nothing in Tanaka's life is - but they are all short and interesting enough for the viewer to care. They provide nothing more than a look at what school life is like for someone of their calibre.. . The quality has not dropped. It is just as beautiful, just as good to watch. The art style is great as ...
Tanaka-kun is Always Listless is honestly very underrated. It is one of a kind : beautifully animated slice-of-life, but with a silent protagonist (because honestly, where do you find that?). This show is a sleeper-hit that would rather remain that way, just like its protagonist.. . Tanaka is a "lazy", or rather, energy efficient person. He eats less, speaks less, barely moves, and talks slowly. The definition of listless. His unexpected friendship with the soft Oota, who looks like a delinquent to any outsider, is also intriguing. Miyano, Shiraishi and Echizen are all lovely characters, all well-written and endearing.. . The antics of the daily lives of Tanaka and ...
While adapting a manga is no easy task, the Assassination Classroom anime was adapted very well. Unfortunately, a few chapters, deemed unnecessary by the crew, were left out. This short, eight-episode, series adapts some of those chapters as extra content.. . It was not needed, yes. Unwelcome, it was not. After season 2 of Assassination Classroom ended on a sombre, but optimistic, note, this was definitely what manga readers and anime watchers, alike, received with open arms.. . There is nothing exceptional in the stories told : they are merely slice-of-life episodes based on established characters' daily lives.. The animation and music is the same as previously seen, and ...
This episode of Assassination Classroom doesn't add much to the show apart from displaying the fact that Koro-sensei blows stories out of proportion, exaggerates to make himself look cool, but is more endearing than pretentious.. . The episode depicts the two sides of how Koro-sensei and Karasuma met - Karasuma tells it how it is, Koro-sensei tell it how he wishes it was. Koro-sensei's narration is humourous and engaging, albeit unrealistic.. . The animation is not as good as the actual show, but is still passable. There is no music to be noted especially. The two main voice actors (Jun Fukuyama and Sugita Tomokazu) perform well as they always ...
Assassination Classroom, as a show, is the perfect example on how to adapt a great manga into a great anime without changing much of the plot. The manga is one of the better ones of its time, with one of the most unique plots in the past few years, and has received a deserving adaptation.. . The plan is simple : Class 3-E has to kill their one and only teacher, who they have named Koro-sensei. They are provided an arsenal of mildly dangerous weapons, including pellet guns and grenades. By any means necessary, they must kill him by the end of the year, or the world ...
Shingeki no Kijin Season 3 Part 1 is a brain explosion, compared to season 2 if it's a flame, then Season 3 is a fire.. . Such a number of plot twists IN 12 EPISODES!!! People love spectacles. Get it!!!!. . All the characters have matured, gained experience, which is the most interesting anime in whose name there is the word titans, these very titans appear only at the end.. In fact, they reveal to us the ent of the people of the "land of three walls", but they also tell us a little about the Titans, intriguing us to watch part 2 of season ...
This is healing me soooo much , apart from me being a fujoshi, this heals me mentally too. And the ost also so good, i literally never skipped it. All the characters are so good! We all need that respective characters towards each other.. . The story is kinda not what you expected, but throughout the episodes, you'll see it reaching your expectation.. . I hope everyone can enjoy this as much as i am. And i have no comment on the artstyle, as it was soooo beautiful. Yes I am biased but you'll see that there's nothing to comment on the art itself. I'm no gourment or ...
Building off of the previous season, Alicization - War of Underworld tells a story just as good, possibly better, than Alicization. One of the major reasons why this season is good is that we actually see other characters display how powerful they can be, all because of one reason : Kirito is not the centre of attention anymore.. . Alice is a great character to witness the story from the point of view of : she is largely unbiased in her opinion towards Kirito apart from the fact that, for her, he is a childhood friend, and nothing more. She herself is a great warrior, but ...
Sword Art Online finally redeemed itself. It fixed every major problem the previous seasons had. Most of all, it provided the viewer a story that was actually good.. . Sword Art Online : Alicization starts with a completely different setting : we recognise Kirito, but he himself is unaware of the world he is in. The 45-minute long first episode provides the viewr a new experience; Kirito is not a powerful overlord, but merely a powerless child. He lives life normally, working and playing with his friends. Even the few minutes we see him in the real world are not too bad : they just serve to ...
The story is of a boy working hard in his corporate life and fed up of the way he is living where he barely gets any time for himself. Now Apocalypse strike as zombies start to appear from all around. But instead of being sad and disappointed about the state of the world he is thrilled and excited to complete his bucketlist as he has a lot of time in his hands now since their is no more work in his life now.. The anime started greatly, I had huge huge expectations of it for the first 6-7 episodes. Later on developed to be just a ...
From the start, "Hunter x Hunter" was an incredibly captivating anime. The unique characters,world, and intricate power system drew me in from the very beginning. And the ending of the anime was beautiful adventure. As a newcomer to the world of anime and weebs (no offense taken!), I can confidently say that this masterpiece will appeal to many. Kurapika stands out as an unforgettable character, and Gon's moments of rage were truly intense. "Hunter x Hunter" delivers an unforgettable journey as Gon seeks to find his dad, filled with mind-blowing adventures. The characters are exceptionally well-developed, and the plot twists kept me on the edge ...
Cardcaptor Sakura is a very good anime that has captivated me. This is the fasted that I've ever binged an anime. It sucked me into its world with its charming cast and writing.. . I've watched Kakuriyo before this. It's weird to bring up, but I always compare anime when writing something, and I have to compare these two because what Kakuriyo no Yadomeshi does wrong, Cardcaptor Sakura does right. Both of these are basically a merging of the normal world with the fantasy and supernatural. Though Kakuriyo does this WRONG. Mostly because they tried to put the girl into the ...
Review (short ver):. In a nutshell: I Am NoVIcE ALcheMIST. PROS. +Very relaxing and cute. +Cute girls doing cute stuff and Alchemy combination done right. +surprisingly good alchemy genre, if it remembers that part. ---. CONS. -wish they wouldn’t forget being alchemy genre at times. ---. ...
Review (short ver):. In a nutshell: Sussy idol stalking MC and more idols. ---. PROS. +A bit unique take on Idol genre with fun twist. +Music sequences aren't too dragged out. +Characters and their growth is fairly nicely paced and enjoyable. ---. CONS. -Music itself was pretty average. ...
Characters - 10/10 Unique (and good) designs for every character almost, you will remember their names from the first or second episode.. . Storyline - 10/10 It will give you a lot of emotions you didn't know you have, happiness, a ton of sadness, etc. . Animation - 10/10 The scenery in this anime is AMAZING and its one of the best looking animes i have ever seen. . Music/soundtracks - 10/10 I even saved some on my spotify they are just insanely good, especially the opening ost. . Side Note: You will cheer for the mc as he overcomes a ton of trauma in his life. This anime gave me a ...
Watching this anime for the first time ever, the more I kept going the more I wished it would never end. Those 2 hours felt like 5 seasons in a good way, the anime is really good and it gets you interested from the first couple minutes. This anime is a rollercoster of emotions, it will make you feel sad, happy, it will keep you in suspense, and on top of all that you might relate to the main character, he undergoes massive character development and when watching the anime you cant help but wish the best for him. You are taken on a journey, ...
Alright, let's dive deeper into the isekai wonder that is "The Saint's Magic is Omnipotent." I've gotta say, both Season 1 and Season 2 brought their A-game. The enchanting scenes and that sweet romance – absolute highlights. Now, I won't pretend it's flawless. There were moments, especially in Season 2, where things felt a bit rushed. But hey, show me a perfect anime – doesn't exist, right? Imperfections are part of the charm. I could overlook those speedy bits because the overall experience was a joyride. The emotional ending, the voice actors pouring their souls into it – kept me glued.. . So, yeah, it's not without ...
GOAT of 2023. . Reels you in with a banger right off the bat;. . Full of emotional, hilarious, and beautiful animations and VA.. With an incredible direction/writing that is easy to recognize what is being setup later in the line.... BUT keeps you suspenseful to see how it will all play out!. . Definitely an anime of its own with mixed elements of already establish genres.. Initially put off due to the hype surrounding it but gave it a try and couldnt stop myself after the first experience.. ...
Sousou no Frieren. . Sousou no Frieren is literally a work of art, the way they show us how irrelevant the time we humans have when we are alive compared to an elf is just beautiful. It makes us think about many things and reflect on our lives. It's beautiful.. . In Sousou no Frieren I really don't need to talk about how good the visuals are from the characters, the landscapes and the fluid animation. Everything is perfect.. . I like how the characters grow over time from maturity to strength level, it's all very balanced and enjoyable to watch.. . The story itself makes you ask many questions about the characters, ...
Consensus: 7/10. This was very interesting. I started this a while back and didn’t really get into it. Coming back to this I had a good time. I actually enjoyed the slower pace and the unique musical choices were very charming. Not to mention the art direction and animation were very satisfying.. . ***Breakdown below***. . Dialogue / Script ❌:. . Story / Plot ✅: This film has the most interesting narrative out of the digimon films I've seen at this point. It is a nice change of pace having such a small-scale story as well.. . Score ✅: The soundtrack by Takanori Arisawa creates a mysterious atmosphere which is accurately reflected when the ...
Two homies taking care of a child is one of my favourite troupes (Found Family!) so of course this anime warmed my heart!. . It's a very nice chilling anime with some action and drama, enough to make the story interesting. Also, taking care of this little gremlin will be chaotic so I find myself laughing with the scenarios and the daddies reactions.. . For me, the music is catchy, the animation is good enough, the main characters very lovable and the story is fine.. . If you're looking for a life-changing/epic/deep anime, this is NOT for that. Just enjoy some wholesome interactions and relax!
The story is about human feelings. It looks at the themes of revenge, sorrow, anger, pity and pain. Initially, the narrative is episodic. The story changes however when the Shibata family is introduced and it is now about a conflict between reason and emotion. Emotion ultimately wins. This anime focuses on the idea that morality is gray. It illustrates how human emotions obscure the mind. This is an important message that sometimes gets lost in the dynamics of the show.. . The animation is great. The visuals are great with large landscapes and a very multicolored cast. Often there are repetitive motif, e.g., the image of flowers ...
As someone who had never heard about Gokushufudou before, I can't say I was expecting too much from it when I decided to watch it. However, the show soon proved me wrong.. . Some of the strong points of this anime are the characters and the voice acting. There are not many characters, but each of them is memorable and plays a clear role in the story. The acting is superb, too. The jokes are well delivered and the final result is a short, cute comedy that you can watch in just one sitting.. . The main problem with the anime adaptation of Gokushufudou seems to be the ...
Zom 100 is an anime about a zombie apocalypse and, at the same time, isn't about a zombie apocalypse. As contradicting as it may be sound, it makes sense acknowledging that zombie apocalypse, at some point, turned from a genre into a formula every show seems to follow to the T. That formula has gotten so stale so choosing it as a premise is akin to admitting one's own unoriginality. Zom 100, on the other hand, straight up ignores all tropes and oozes with creativity in comparison to media of the same genre and even to anime in general.. . As every other show about zombies ...
Charlotte is an overall well-rounded, well-developed show that was unfortunately cut short. Despite the rushed ending, there is much to compliment in this show. Charlotte requires immersion in the plot and when you think you know where it is going, it throws a curveball. It is not for the faint of heart as Charlotte covers topics such as human trafficking, exploitation and mental disorders under the guise of the supernatural. Artistically speaking, Charlotte combined the worlds of animation and music to express thoughts beyond the limitations of words. It is a great watch for a bittersweet anime that will not take up much time.
"The 100 Girlfriends Who Really, Really, Really, Really, REALLY Love You" is so dumb and over the top crazy and I am all here for it.. I wasn't a mega-fan of this show starting out. It was fine, but nothing amazing, just a decent watch to come back to here and there for some stupidity and giggles.. BUT let me tell you, halfway thru this show it just got better and better with each episode.. I love the different personalities of the girlfriends and how they interact not just with Rentarou (MMC) but also with each other.. I have been laughing almost to the point of crying with ...
I watched it, and I'm satisfied, but I must say that what I encountered is a more complicated film than I thought. To the point that I don't think I'm ready to give a judgment.. . Miyazaki has changed. In this film, you can see techniques that Miyazaki has not usually used, to the extent that at certain points, an untrained eye might think the film is not Miyazaki's. Where Miyazaki had accustomed us to films that, even if complex when analyzed, still offered a basic, effective, and immediate interpretation, here we have a film that is at times even confusing.. . But you know what? It's a very ...
Haha i actually liked this one :D. . its based on the live actions Pikachu detective movie, only this time in cartoon :D. . Its very cute and adorable, and super fun to watch if you have younger kids to watch it with, has you can solve the puzzle together :D. . They are also short, so if you want something cute, wholesome and don't want to sit and watch 30 min episode, u recommend this strongly !. . The animation is not the same has in the live action movie, but i still like it. it's soft and cozy colored.. although, the characters are still recognizable from the movie, so ...
It was very random. The story kinda happens near Christmas time and I watched it during Christmas in Japan so it was just about the right time to watch the movie.. Alot of things just happened spontaneously.. The plot is pretty standard, the family gets introduced, they chill, a chance to get a star is given, the family tries to get it, goes through hard ship, family happy again.. It is a great movie and matches with the Spy x Family worlds energy perfectly. I'd definetly look forward to Anya doing the weirdest things possible in another possible future Spy x Family movie.. . In general 10/10, good ED songs ...
Jujutsu Kaisen is a weird case for me. The story, world-building and characters are all shonen-anime standard. It probably will be impressive if you haven´t seen much else of it before, but if you have seen more than Naruto or One Piece this feels way too base.. On the other hand, Mappa really made an awesome-looking show. 9 or even 10/10 when it comes to the animation. Kinda to be expected as they treat their workers as slaves but let´s not divulge into that.. . Jujutsu Kaisen 0 tells the prequel story of a character who hasn´t appeared in the first season. This movie doesn´t improve much on ...
Allow me to tell you the optimal way to watch this show:. . Watched the first episode in subs and was ready to mark it off as a 4/10 mediocre attempt at comedy, but wanted to give it another shot in dub because why not. Didn't expect it to save the show, but here we are. The jokes work WAY better when they're heard, not read. The comedic timing isn't god level or anything, but I underestimated how significant it was being hindered by watching it in sub. I have a hunch that a good chunk of the 1 - 2 star reviews are because of people ...
A recently discovered 8-min OVA that was apparently sold at a comic convention back in '97. Doesn't get much more obscure than that. I wonder how many animes like this one are currently lost media.. . At the moment, this has no subtitles so I don't have much to say about the story. Art was cute but animation looks really low budget. However, I feel like it fits the overall aesthetic considering the origin of this short video.. . I'd only recommend this to hardcore fans of obscure anime, even if it isn't translated yet. Maybe I'll update this review later if it does.
What seems to be a wacky comedy at first, becomes deep and serious after the prologue, dealing with heavy topics such as overworking to death, family issues, abandonment and depression. I think most viewers will shed a tear or two by the end.. . Even still, you really never know if this short film is taking itself seriously, because the scenes changes from telling stupid jokes to drama or boring work meetings, and straight-up sad problems. It's an interesting critique of a salary-man's life in Japan. It probably still holds true to this day.. . Animation and art were decent, nothing to write about, really. Still, the few ...
This show has an amazing cast of characters, each with unique backstories that are introduced well. It also manages to balance its comedy aspects with its action and serious moments excellently, making every episode enjoyable to watch. Furthermore, the show establishes itself as its own exceptionally well, with no other show being like it; it mixes together many elements in many other shows and movies in a way that gives it a very unique feel, especially with the character design style. Overall, there aren't many negatives to be noted, while the positives are very strong. While some character's traits are quite highly emphasised, it helps ...
Alright, pack members, gather around! It's your Alpha, Kiba Snowpaw, howling a review of the anime "Clannad" from the frosty realms of HowlStrom. Prepare for a whirlwind of drama, fur, and a bit of gaming spirit mixed into this anime escapade. Let’s dive into this icy adventure with our paws and claws!. . Setting the Scene in HowlStrom. Picture this: I'm lounging in my ice castle, surrounded by my loyal pack. The air is crisp, the snow is glistening, and we're all huddled up for a storytelling session. The topic? "Clannad." Now, you might think, "What's a wolf pack doing watching a high school drama?" Oh, my furry ...
"Fujin Monogatari" stands as an epitome of artistic brilliance within the realm of anime, captivating audiences through its unparalleled animation style and gripping storyline. Effortlessly transcending the boundaries of conventional narratives, this masterpiece defies description, leaving one in awe of its multifaceted allure.. At the core of "Fuujin Monogatari" lies an animation style that can only be characterized as a visual symphony. Each frame is meticulously crafted, elevating the art form to new heights. The vibrant palette and dynamic character designs seamlessly merge with fluid movements, creating an immersive experience that transcends the boundaries of traditional animation. The visual storytelling in "Fuujin Monogatari" becomes a language ...
A Quirky Transformation Twist. . Captivation: Stumbled upon a Twitch clip, I was instantly drawn to the bizarre and fascinating scenes in "Henkei Shoujo.". . Concept: The series brilliantly melds cuteness with chaos, showcasing anime girls transforming into powerful machines. This unexpected twist in character design is both thrilling and engaging.. . Length: The brevity of the series is a major plus. Each episode's concise duration makes it perfect for a quick yet memorable anime experience.. . Desire: Eager to consume the full-length series, its unique premise and short format have piqued my interest significantly.. . Overall: "Henkei Shoujo" offers a unique, fast-paced, and visually captivating experience, perfect for those who enjoy unconventional anime ...
Golden Kamui - Season 3. . . It's really rare to watch a show that starts relatively poorly and disappointingly but manages to improve significantly from season to season. Usually, the opposite is the case, but apparently not here. After thinking about dropping Golden Kamui so many times in the first season, I'm really glad I stuck with it. This one is a real goldmine, not because it's just good, but because it's a charismatic beast.. . In Golden Kamui, you have everything your heart desires. A decent main plot, bizarre humor, interesting characters, good pacing, and enough male chests, what more could you want?. Along the way, the series ...
*We've finally reached home base*. (Written last December 11, 2022). . ~~. . Fitting entry to be a concluding one, Major: World Series celebrates the end of Goro's story as the integral character of the franchise with a bang in the air, with character conclusions here and there, one most notable besides the protagonist is Toshi's as he channels his accumulated trauma into the OP godlike version of his character, giving two grand slams as a parting gift for his husband (real); and as he ties loose ends with his mother (I almost teared up here, Toshi finally faced his trauma and has fully healed), with different fates of characters ...
*Yet to be a homerun, but perhaps a successful two-bases-traversed at-bat*. (Written last November 26, 2022). . ~~. . What an absolutely major step-up from the past seasons. Finally, the package is starting to unravel the fresher parts of the storyline, a reward from settling down on rock bottom for 50+ episodes.. . In America (in Bandit Keith's voice) a new colosseum of dreams where sweaty baseball athletes equipped with balls and gloves on hand to seize and crush ambitions replace the gladiators of the past. All the same, the arena is a cornucopia feasted by the masses. That was one thing that struck to me this season: the sheer entertainment and ...
"Terror in Resonance" is an outstanding anime that goes beyond typical boundaries, leaving a lasting impact. With a compelling story, stunning animation, and a captivating soundtrack, it's a testament to the creators' brilliance. Easily earning a perfect 10/10, the series follows Nine and Twelve, masterminds behind Tokyo's terrorist attacks. The plot, rich with suspense and thought-provoking themes, grips you from the first episode, holding on until the powerful conclusion. Visually, the anime is breathtaking, courtesy of Studio MAPPA. The character designs and expressive animations, coupled with a haunting soundtrack by Yoko Kanno, create an immersive experience. It excels in storytelling, animation, and sparking meaningful discussions, ...
this anime is amazing.. . i cannot believe the level care and effort put into the animation, especially ep 17! mappa has done it again! i was beginning to doubt the mal userbase as they seem to give everything at least a 7, but man, even i have to admit, they were right about this one. one of the best adaptation of last year! once the second arc hits, man, it hits hard. some of the best animation since kingdom season 1, maybe even better!. . i dont know what else to say that hasn't already been said. all i can do is praise mappa for a truly ...
Before going to see this film, I was wary of the fact I had seen people online talking about how nonsensical and confusing the film was. With this in mind, I went into the theatre with a balanced view, neither sullied by these reviews or overly enthused simply because it is a new Ghibli film.. . Now that I have seen it, I can confidently say that this is a great movie. With references to historically influential pieces of art throughout the film and some gorgeous artistically invigorating scenes, I think this film is a fantastic sendoff for Hayao Miyazaki and feels like a satisfying goodbye to ...
Best action anime of all time! (my opinion). . Ok hear me out before you say I'm wrong. This anime is THE best action anime it even has a hint of romance in it too what you know you don't see a lot of straight away in these kinda animes! But anyway let me explain first off all the intro and outro's go hard like so hard its one of them that you instantly put in your Spotify playlist not to speak about the animation that goes with the songs its actually crazy good. Talking about animation this anime KNOWS how to do it without a doubt ...
< Concise review >. . Sekai Saikou no Ansatsusha is another controversial, although slightly less so, story from the maker of Redo of Healer. For many of the same reasons Redo of Healer has a much lower average score on MAL than it should have, so does this anime. Unfortunately, the anime fandom is filled with tons of easily triggered helicopter-parented adultchildren snowflakes who get irrationally buttblasted whenever a series doesn't cater to their childish sensibilities.. . The truth is this show is one of the better Isekai of its year and does a lot of things right that similar fantasy series gets wrong. . -The main characters previous ...
This show is awesome, but not many people will agree with me.. . I think the main reason I enjoyed the show as much as I have, is because I watched it at the perfect time, the time where I was also thinking about such things. I really love how the characters change a lot about their views and personalities over the span of the anime, and I don't understand why people call this an inconsistency in character. People change, they always have, and always will.. . This show is also incredibly unpredictable in a good way. You could never know what was gonna happen, how the ...
So much parodies in such a short film. The comedy and energy never runs short. How could people score this so low. This is such a hidden gem, the CGI was so good it had smooth transition, The animation is not butchered like some drawings today. the fight scenes aren't so bland like skipping with a few angles, like some of todays mainstream Anime. Every episode is so compact and full of details with good plot, even tho it's mostly cliche, you will feel refreshed by how they approach it. Overall this was such an enjoyable experience it will never leave you empty after ...
I don't like writing reviews because I have trouble expressing myself... but this movie I just love it so much from begin till the end of the credits/outro. The story plot, plot twist, comedy, action, characters and way more it's all incredible and at some point it put me to tears yet it still ended with me laughing my ass of. Of all the anime movies I've watched and that's allot trust me. This was one of the best comedy/action movies of all. I'm not saying number one but definitely in top 5. But hey everyone has their own opinion. Ha look at this I ...
The story is of a group of people known as “diclonius” who have telekinetic powers. They are chased by an organization, where they are forced to undergo horrendous experiments. One diclonius, Nyuu, manages to escape and loses her memory. She is found in a beach by Kouta and his cousin, then things unravel. The organization relentlessly hunts Nyuu. Other people with special abilities are used to track Nyuu down.. . The show blends violent and romantic elements. Along with the violence, the story delves into complicated relationships such as Kouta’s cousin having feelings against him and Nyuu lacking common sense which results in a lot of awkward ...
This anime hooked me since the first episode and being here to describe how amazing it is will never come close enough to how I feel about it.. I will start by saying that this anime's story and characters are so well-written that even a nitwit would be able to appreciate it!. The story begins with the end of a mission that lasted 10 years, during which the heroes defeated the demon king and therefore returned to continue with their daily lives.. One of them is Frieren, an immortal elf, who decides to leave again to find magic spells by herself. However, when she returnes after ...
Lesson XX is a cute 49mn long anime with a rather simple and straightforward plot.. ----------. Good points :. It's been spared from the biggest cliches you usually find in BL stories, that's pretty refreshing.. . The characters are interesting, even the side ones who don't get a lot of screen time (there's only so much you can do in a 49mn anime).. . The soundtrack is actually pretty good.. ----------. Bad points :. ...
It is a very good military anime as it combines elements of military strategies, tactics, doctrines, and moral aspects from our world to another world.. . The story revolves around a war between two sides—one that aims to exterminate humanity and another that wants to preserve it with certain conditions. Warriors, intellectual figures, political leaders, generals, and other personalities are summoned to another world to fight for each side of the story. Joining one side or the other depends on the character's personality or memories from their past life.. . The anime is visually appealing, and I like this style, similar to Hellsing Ultimate, which effectively emphasizes the physical ...
"she's literally me frfr" meme is pretty much explained frieren's personality. We humans always changed and evolved fast, we always want to do something quicker and always able to do it (if you think about it, that's what make short videos boomin) thanks to our short life that we have to spent 1/4 of it sleeping. . So what if you are blessed with pretty much immortality in an always growing society?. yes, you probably be a frieren and the most chill person ever and that's i think is the main theme of this show. . And that's the thing about it, don't watch this show WITH an ...
I really loved this anime; it was the 4th anime I watched and set up my standard for anime later on.. . Now for the review: the story isn't mind-blowing, to say the least, but it presents itself in a really beautiful and emotional way. It mostly focuses on Violet's development as a character, where we get to see how her character changes from episode to episode along with the stunning visuals, making everything just perfect. Yui Ishikawa really did a good job with Violet, and let's not forget all the soundtracks by Evan Call, which I still use as sleeping music..  . The only notable bad side is ...
Attack on titan is one of the most popular anime of all time and it definitely seems like it deserves to be.. . Attack on titans story is just amazing. Not only is it interesting and original, it is also unpredictable and you're almost guaranteed to be surprised by how things develop during the anime. It isn't unpredictable by doing stupid things though, everything that happens seems to make sense which is great. At its core the story is about humans fighting titans which of course is cool in its own right but the story goes deeper than you'd initially think.. . The characters all seem good. The ...
The producers made a MIRACLE in this anime.. Even though it is a very old anime and has visible period problems, it managed to be a very good audiovisual experience considering the time of production and a great adaptation of the manga's story.. The visual direction is very creative and knows how to use limitations to its advantage, it has a good soundtrack, very good animation at the necessary moments, the story is simply sensational, with an engaging plot, a very well developed narrative, great characters and a phenomenal protagonist.. The biggest success of the adaptation is the greater development of the characters and more humanization of them, ...
"A Returner's Magic Should Be Special" is an engaging adventure that breaks from the standard amidst a sea of animated stories. The narrative is compelling and maintains the viewer's interest throughout, which is a rare quality in and of itself. The tale is a breath of new air.. . ᴛʜᴇ ᴀɴɪᴍᴇ ʜᴀꜱ ᴀ ᴘᴏᴏʀ ᴊᴏʙ ᴀᴛ ᴀɴɪᴍᴀᴛɪɴɢ ᴀᴄᴛɪᴏɴ ꜱᴄᴇɴᴇꜱ, ᴅᴇꜱᴘɪᴛᴇ ɪᴛꜱ ꜱᴛʀᴏɴɢ ꜱᴛᴏʀʏᴛᴇʟʟɪɴɢ ᴀʙɪʟɪᴛɪᴇꜱ. ᴛʜᴇ ꜱʟɪɢʜᴛʟʏ ʟᴇꜱꜱ ᴘᴏʟɪꜱʜᴇᴅ ꜰɪɢʜᴛ ꜱᴄᴇɴᴇꜱ ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴀɴ ᴀɪʀ ᴏꜰ ɴᴏꜱᴛᴀʟɢɪᴀ, ᴄᴀʟʟɪɴɢ ᴛᴏ ᴍɪɴᴅ ᴇᴀʀʟɪᴇʀ ᴀɴɪᴍᴇ ɢᴇɴʀᴇꜱ ᴡʜᴇʀᴇ ᴄʜᴀʀᴀᴄᴛᴇʀꜱ ᴜꜱᴇᴅ ʟᴇꜱꜱ ᴀᴄᴄᴜʀᴀᴄʏ ᴀɴᴅ ʜᴀᴅ ᴇʀʀᴀᴛɪᴄ ᴘᴏᴡᴇʀ ꜱᴡɪɴɢꜱ. ᴡʜɪʟᴇ ꜱᴏᴍᴇ ᴡᴏᴜʟᴅ ᴘᴇʀᴄᴇɪᴠᴇ ᴛʜɪꜱ ᴛᴏ ʙᴇ ᴀ ɴᴇɢᴀᴛɪᴠᴇ ᴀꜱᴘᴇᴄᴛ, ᴏᴛʜᴇʀꜱ ᴄᴏᴜʟᴅ ʟɪᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇ ᴛʜʀᴏᴡʙᴀᴄᴋ ᴛᴏ ...
[Regress of writing quality compared to the Season 1 where a lot of the plot is gone, ignored, or jumped across, and is all the worse because of the complexity it set in the first place. Regardless, still very much a decent watch that finishes the story nicely and beautifully. 7/10]. . It is disappointing that it can not continue its ambition in writing which seems as if it was promised as we've seen in Season 1, where all the characters were full of personalities, motivations, inspirations, souls; yet in Season 2 a lot of characters lost their character, a lot of actions were without clear aspirations, ...
(ENG vers.). This anime is a breath of creativity and excellence, which brought a very unique and exciting story, where the plot ties up all the ends and grows more and more, until it reaches its climax, resulting in an exciting conclusion.. . Unlike other shonens, this one is very down to earth, with a power system that, even though it is complex, does not have absurd levels of skill, and also does not give the possibility of exponential and meaningless growth, like in other animes. Because of this, even people who don't use alchemy can shine in fights, using other means.. . It's worth noting that the world-building doesn't ...
If this was viewed purely as a shitpost, I'd give this a solid 8/10 for the humor, parodies, and references.. . But if I'm viewing this as an anime or anime-like product, this would be a 6/10. . The voice acting for most characters are rather bland,. . Although, you could chalk that up to me not being used to Chinese.. . But it was the animation that brought the score down for me.. . ...
It is a very refreshing movie. The script is quite new for the Macross series, taking into account that the love triangle has a much more complete ending. And the best thing is that the open plots of Frontier and the general twist of the series also have revelations that were much needed.. But it is a somewhat boring, linear movie and the surprise of the plot... I think the direction was bad in general. The script was good. Music was fine, the previus Macross series had much better music in general and this movie had very low quality in that reward. But was fine in ...
It had been some time that I wrote a positive review for anime but man the anime requires me to write a review for itself.. Normally I love Grand Theft Auto video games but after watching this I am trying to switch to cyberpunk.. The theme they show, the artwork, the storytelling, the character writing, trying to build a world, everything is superb.. And don't start me about the music “I Really Want to Stay At Your House” by Rosa Walton.. One of the best music I have ever heard in anime and I like it very much.. So I'm gladly proud to give it ...
Reviewing as someone who has never watched mecha animes before, let alone the Gundam universe:. [Unique, complex, yet fathomable storyline and world-building, characters with all unique personalities and backgrounds which are dived into, and main characters full of 'girlbosses' - inspirational yet humane. All comes together with top notch production and quality as an anime in general (again, not comparing with other mecha animes because I have not watched any other) with fantastic music, sfx, and vfx. 9/10]. . As a fantasy genre enjoyer, all I can say is Mobile Suit Gundam: The Witch from Mercury's world is totally unique and original, yet so complex which is why ...
At first, I didn't think that this series was going to be liked so much for me but while I watched the chapters I thought that this is really not bad, in fact ints nice, it is not a great story with a spectacular characters but even so this was good. . the plot at start is little stranger and not really attractive to watch another chapter, however, as I go watch more and more chapters I realized that the story is really good, has a good development and interesting things that can be nice, overall the plot is enjoying. . The characters are ok, they fulfill their function, ...
Overall, while never truly original in any of its components, I found that the many solid pieces of Heavenly Delusion largely came together to form a well-paced, engaging, cohesive whole despite ending on what is clearly a stopping point rather than a proper conclusion. Elements of mystery, adventure, horror, drama and even light comedy are thrown into the blender here and in this case the chef followed the recipe correctly and wound up with a product that works.. . Bits and pieces from other shows I've already seen- This paradise isn't as it seems and has something sinister behind it (From the New World), we're on a ...
This was beautiful. Maybe I needed it or maybe it's because I don't normally watch a lot of romance/drama anime, and I'm not someone who cries a lot, but I ended up crying at the end of it. It had just been sitting there on my desktop for me to watch for years now and I thought, I'll just watch it to finally remove it, but it ended up being a beautiful experience.. . The animation and the colors themselves already make you feel a lot, even without the story itself. Some reviewers said the story repeats itself and that they have mixed feelings about it. ...
The anime was pretty good if I am being honest. Even though I have a low as fuck attention span, I still enjoyed a lot of the movie. The soundtrack was absolutely beautiful and it matches with the movie so well. The animation, as expected was also fire. Though I removed 1 point since I got a bit confused with the plot at some point. The plot was really unique but like I said it was very confusing. The art style also matched so well with the movies setting and soundtrack. Overall I enjoyed watching ...
Many people think that the 2nd season of re:zero is when author Tappei Nagatsuki peaks in terms of plot writing, in the small corners of the anime industry. Hei Wei Dao X Re:Cong Ling Kaishi de Yi Shijie Shenghuo lurks to implictly inform viewers that peak fiction is always around the corner. These thrilling 3 min shorts will always have viewers itching to know who is going to try the popular one cup noodles next! The cliffhanger at the end always gets me, why can't we have more of this. I will be waiting for future characters to try this food.
I remember stumbling upon the manga a while ago, slightly intrigued by the premise after having read "Sore wa Rei no Shiwaza desu".. My thoughts back then were that it seemed interesting at first glance but potentially quite unpleasant if dragged out. I skimmed through the chapters and there were no hints of the heroine making any progress in overcoming her situation. I decided that I neither wanted to suffer through an endless "daily-horror" psychological torture myself, nor even cope with empathizing with a heroine suffering through that. So I dropped it.. . For the same reasons I didn't have high hopes for the anime as well. ...
Monster is, arguably, the magnum opus of mangaka Urasawa Naoki. Even from the first few episodes, the viewer starts to see exactly why the show is this highly acclaimed. The author portrays what is, essentially, a game of cat and mouse, but ties in multiple narratives that all contribute to the plot in their own way. While the first third of the show is a slow burn, it is one which is certainly worth sitting through.. . The first episode sets up the scenario really well; we follow a morally driven protagonist in a world deprived of morality. He is the fabled "perfect worker" : He follows ...
Show wasnt bad, went in thinking I'd like it and I did. First and a big thing is I love the art style of everything or the way everything is drawn idk I like the colors used and all that First episode introduction of alucard was pretty cool, and the second scene with him in the forest looked really cool, raw asf even. Also for first episode, the opening was pretty good, and the ending was pretty good too, I liked the song more than the visuals though. Kinda expected more ghouls to be in the show based off the opening lmao ...
This anime changed my life for the better. I watched it at a very vulnerable time in my life. Just graduated highschool, no direction no job and no clue what i wanted to do in life. Then i got covid, and I was shut up inside for a month. Mob psycho helped me drag myself out of that. Told me it's okay that i dont know what I want. And that doesn't matter how long it takes. its been nearly two years since i first watched the show. I still don't know what i want in life, but i know its gonna be okay. I ...
The Boy and the Heron is Hayao Miyazaki's worst movie, but greatest work of art.. . It’s certainly not a film for everyone, but those who are fans of Miyazaki's past work should appreciate it for what it is: a heartfelt treatise on the creative process, and a deep dive into the very soul of Miyakazi's creations.. . The Boy and the Heron bears many hallmarks of Miyazaki's best. It entertains with beautiful visuals and sound design, and its obsessive attention to detail bristles like crumbs beneath a bread knife, and sparks within the countless trails of a freshly-bursting firework.. . But its story, the bones to its cinematic meat, ...
Yeah, this is The Room of anime. To start, the narrative makes no goddamn sense. Character gets whisked away to another world because... well, a transdimensional space duck found its way to him and carried him off... except it didn't carry him off because he's also in the normal world still. So now he exists in two worlds simultaneously, and injuries/weakness translate between worlds. So now he's got to free a tribe from slavery in a world where people tame dinosaurs to fight for them and he wields the fabled Garzey's Wing, which is basically just wings on his shoes that allow him to fly ...
I so want to talk about the plot in detail but I can't other than say I love it. It is a very fun and at times silly story. A wonderful story of 4 adventurers and their story before they formed a party. Each one has a unique backstory that is both tragic but also makes them who they are when they meet. They get along, work, and have fun very well. I find the graphics to be really great and script to be also great. Unlike others, I watch these for the pure enjoyment. I am not looking for a novel from Shakespeare. If ...
It's a silly edutainment show about a team of designers to whom God (a fussy client we never see) has outsourced the creation of animals. The show both revels in design-focused humour (clients are the worst) and teaches you about the biology and physiology of various animals (in way more detail than I would have expected); it actually doesn't feel like it's aimed at kids?. . It's also very much a series of vignettes within and across episodes, where the continuity is mostly about the relationships between characters, who are really diverse and fun. There's some nice gender expression diversity (i.e., a super soft and sweet ...
To start off: Season 1 was great in its own right yet compared to season 2 - this season is on another level. Don't get me wrong I like season 1 yet it's pace and style is totally a set up for season 2 which is a masterpiece.. . It's made in a way that seems like a live action movie director had a camera in his hands with his presence in the editing room post-production. Understand; the magnitude of this season's delivery makes me question if other anime's will keep up. I know; it's quite the wrong thing to say in a ...
Pure fluff filled with trash tropes (VR video game world, OP MC), but done well and so very wholesome. The MC (a sweet and simple girl) hasn't played an MMO before, and proceeds to break the game by playing super atypically. Feels a bit like litrpg given progression, with more absurdity than usual - less 'progress,' more 'breaking' (going a bit too far sometimes, but mostly very fun). The core of the show is a series of female friendships - not often the focus of what otherwise comes across as some kind of shonen. And every episode ends with her fan club (veteran MMO ...
I've recently been hit in a car accident and have suffered from terminal mobility loss, but ever since watching this show, I've slowly been getting better a lot quickly as this show gives me a boost of motivation to go after the women on the streets. I really enjoy the show, and maybe it can cure someone else's disability as it has given me a huge boost of help.. . Really recommend watching if u like to chase women you will never get, but it's always worth a shot since they are roaming around the block.. . Keep on watching! With the metal rod floppin around, you can ...
Out of curiosity, I've wanted to see The Classroom of the Elite for a while, and I was not disappointed. In a simple setting, it shows the lives of students who are in the top school of Japan where the future elites of society are forged. Each grade is divided and ranked into Classes A to D. The main character Kiyotaka Ayanokoji, a stoic and unemotional secret genius in Class D who is trying to work and manipulate his way up to the top of the school. The animation and soundtrack were ok, but the characters and story are where it is really at. Especially ...
Dragon Ball is a timeless and creative franchise in the entertainment industry. The story tells of young Goku’s quest to gather mystic Dragon Balls. Along the way he meets many friends and foes resulting into great battles, laughters and a lot of emotions. The show is an amalgam of action, adventure, humor, and fantasy for all ages.. . Taking its age into account, the show is an impressive animation. 153 episodes remain consistent and delightful in style, appearance including character design is unique and full of energetic action.. . The soundtracks have memorable scores that contribute to the full experience. Voice acting brings these characters to life and is ...
I read some opinions about the anime series Samurai Champloo, and saw that a lot of people had already given their thoughts. So I’m writing this review because It can be a reflection to help me understand my feelings about the show.. . I can say, that the thing I enjoy about Samurai Champloo is that it is fashionable and the music fits very well. Watanabe, the director has selected hip-hop music well enough to be appreciated even by those who are not fans of this kind of music. I also enjoy how the show combines Edo period of Japan, with hip-hop and punk culture, an interesting ...
tl;dr: A very well written and pretty original time loop story that stumbles a bit in a few regards.. . Summer Time Rendering is an anime that adapts the entire manga in one straight shot, which works incredibly well because this is very much the type of story you want to experience quickly. The story is centered around Ajiro Shinpei returning to his home town on the island of Hitogashima in order to attend the funeral of his childhood friend, Ushio. Her death was deemed an accident, however he discovers that there are suspicious circumstances surrounding it so he begins to investigate. Things turn out to be ...
It's a profoundly insightful metaphor for depression:. The Medicine Seller is a therapist, the evil spirits tied to negative human emotions - AKA Mononokes - are consequences of the depression and the Sword of Exorcism is a form of treatment - which can only be used/prescribed if you understand the truth, form and reason of the problem. In similar fashion to reality is how a negative emotion can feel like a collective that affects multiple people and becomes contagious if not dealt with in time, almost like a disease.. . Alongside the message, the story arcs are carried out by a mysterious and intriguing protagonist, stunning ...
As of 2024, I have now seen a total of four anime based on Visual Arts/Key's properties: Air, Kanon (The 2006 version, not the Toei version), Clannad, and Planetarian: The Reverie of a Little Planet. I have no plans to watch Little Busters or Rewrite, nor play their visual novels at the moment. Planetarian is based on Key's kinetic novel of the same name. Unlike a regular visual novel, a kinetic novel offers little to no choices or branching paths that affect the plot in any way, and its narrative is completely linear, being more like a digital picture book with music and voice acting ...
Important Note!!!: This is not a review of Pluto but rather a general commentary on Naoki Urasawa's storytelling techniques and the qualities that make his work so captivating. I thought of these points while I was in the middle of watching Pluto and wanted to share them in a more organized format.. . Naoki Urasawa's masterful storytelling lies in his ability to seamlessly blend intricate character development with engrossing narratives. He immerses readers in the daily lives of his characters, allowing us to connect with them on a deeper level. But what truly sets his work apart is the profound connection between his characters and the overarching ...
If you want a feel good anime, where you can just relax for an afternoon and just watch some low stake adventure with a big dose of wholesome slice of life, but you also want it in an isekai and very light harem, because you have some undiscovered kins or I dont know, this is your anime.. The animation ranges from great to meeeeeehhhhh, but it is usually watchable, the voice acting is.pretty good for the main cast, it is less ideal for the side characters, but nothing immensely bad. The soundtrack with the intro and outro song is average, nothing extraordinary, but it fits well.. Thats ...
SKIP FILLERS! Enjoy main story.. SKIP all the fillers, no exceptions. Bleach is an excellent anime with immense potential, but unfortunately, that potential is squandered by the filler episodes. Bleach is almost on par with the original Naruto. But the animation studio, driven by greed and a lack of creativity, decided to exploit Bleach. The result? A whopping 50% of the series is filled with unnecessary low IQ filler episodes. These fillers not only make the characters seem less intelligent and useless, but also made storyline unatractive.. The filler stories are nothing short of garbage. Fillers backstab the essence of Bleach, turning the entire anime experience into ...
Title: "Reincarnated as a Sword: A Furry's In-Depth Analysis and Personal Journey". . As the Alpha Ice Wolf of the HowlStrom world, I, Kiba Snowpaw, have ventured through myriad realms and encountered countless tales. Among these, "Reincarnated as a Sword," known in the original vernacular as "Tensei shitara Ken deshita," stands out as a peculiar narrative that intertwines the fantastical elements of isekai with the tender companionship between a sword and a cat girl, Fran. My spirit, a blend of human and wolf, perceives this anime through a lens of gaming experience and a life deeply rooted in mystical adventures alongside my trusted companion, Hiro Blazeheart.. . Concept and ...
This anime was a interesting eecperience.. . At first, the atmosphere of the estory is really good, make a terror and mistery feel that help to increase a sense of the story.. . The plot and the way the history is told are awesome, it puts you in the history and make you feel like another student in the class experiencing every event genuinely makes you feel scared and nervous, make it in the series is so difficult and i like it really so much.. . The characters are ok, i like so much Mei but it is only mi tastes, and the production especially the animation with scared and dark ...
Let's just get to the point, no stalling arnd. Hidden Inventory Arc = 9.7/10. Possibly the best adaptation from JJk so far.. . We got animation, music, direction, and all of them. If only the pacing was better, it would be better. Some scenes are way too fast so we cannot fully process and confused what the hell is going on. Some scenes like monologues and inner thoughts are way to long until we got bored and confused what the hell is going on. Other than pacing, everything else is perfect.. The animation is very consistent. It's pretty stylish an exagerrated from jjk's previous season and movie. As an animator, ...
❗This review ONLY covers the first 5 episodes of this season / the "Hidden Inventory Arc" since it's the highlight of this season❗. . . Jujutsu Kaisen was supposed to be your typical formulaic shounen and the next "big 3" legatee, luring in gung-ho teenagers. It was animation-carried, predictable, and dormantly told. Not to mention the unhinged audience the media had accumulated over the years (white girls).. . . This arc delves into the background of Satoru Gojo and explores his mortality, along with the to-be antagonist Suguru Getou's frame of mind. Thanks to the combination of compelling narratives and well-crafted personas, contrary to the previous season with only one-dimensional archetypal ...
Title: "A Furry's Take on 'Tasogare Otome x Amnesia': An Engaging, Yet Flawed Ghost Story". . Introduction:. Hello, fellow travelers of the ethereal and the real. I am Kiba Snowpaw, the Alpha Ice Wolf of HowlStrom. As someone who has lived through the blend of human and wolf-like experiences, I found a peculiar resonance with the anime 'Tasogare Otome x Amnesia' (Dusk Maiden of Amnesia). This anime, with its blend of horror, mystery, and romance set in the spectral halls of Seikyou Private Academy, echoes the duality of my own existence.. . Story and Setting:. The anime spins a tale around Yuuko, a ghost with no memory of her past, and ...
Nana is a beautiful show full of complex, deeply humane characters and its worth a watch even if you're a lonely hateful incel in their late 30s.. . It's understandable to see a random adult man hate this show due to how many infuriating choices are made by the cast and how much romance and angst and “eek does he really love me?! <3” is thrown in their face but honestly that's the best part of it (but... If somebody feels that way… shoujo just wasn't isn't for them). The things these characters say and do make them among the most unique and relatable in all of ...
This anime is good, end of review.. Though, it disgusts me. Not because its bad, but because i relate to the MC to such a degree that it makes my heart ache. I cant really watch and enjoy (lol) this show for what it is when i constantly feel like I'm witnessing a documentary of an alternate reality where i was a freshman girl. The depictions of crippling social anxiety and overwhelming loneliness are incredible. Putting on ten different masks just to maybe start a conversation with someone, being too anxious to talk to others in critical situations, pretending that continuously spending time alone is ...
My appreciation for this side story is influenced by my seeing the theatrical movie, which was also a side story.. . This ONA and the movie have similar plots points, sickly female royal cursed by a shady court physician and a brotherly rivalry, stands out the most. However, my choice would be this three-episode ONA. It just has better pacing and tighter plotting, without the need to cast cameos from other series regulars who do not have a major role in the story and thus making for a clunky and overdone mess.. . For Tensura fans, this is something to tide you over waiting for the next full season ...
The show and music were so insanely hyped that I was constantly flexing my arm creating time under tension. Insane way to build up my triceps.. . Opening and Ending by Aimer also goes crazy that I listened to it in the gym and hit a new PR. I was at my last breathe when I thought to myself "What would Rengoku do?", the next moment I found my legs pushed up on the leg press machine.. . Throughout the show, I was sweating from anticipation giving me a good cardio workout as well.. . Moments in the show made my jaw drop from the sheer astonishment and excitement I felt ...
One Piece: Is it the most overrated anime of all? If this simple sentence was enough to insult me and provoke a 'confusing' reaction, you probably belong to the group I'm about to mention. The reason I say this is that, despite the incredible nature of this work, its community tends to overly praise it without any objectivity, portraying it as a perfect masterpiece. If you dare to say anything degrading about it, you are simply criticized and insulted. Personally, this significantly impacted my critical opinion when I decided to delve seriously into this work. It had been hyped up so much as a flawless ...
At the beginning, I self inserted as Bocchi. In the end, I looked up to Bocchi, she is what I want to be.. . Even though this anime is light hearted and funny, the themes of Bocchi's loneliness and strive to get out of it is the most REALISTIC portrayal I've ever seen (even if it is exaggerated for comedic effect). The difference of Ryou's 'loner personality' vs Bocchi's 'loneliness' is what really shocked me. I've never seen a distinction of the two types in anime and it's what sealed the deal for this anime. The character development is beautiful too, everything is a slow climb, taking one ...
Title: "Exploring Time and Emotion: A Furry's Perspective on 'Link Click'". . Introduction:. Greetings, denizens of HowlStrom and beyond. I am Kiba Snowpaw, the Alpha Ice Wolf of our icy realm, bringing to you my thoughts on an exceptional series that resonates deeply with me, both as a furry enthusiast and a seeker of profound storytelling. Today, I delve into the world of 'Link Click', a series that not only captivated my imagination but also echoed the echoes of my own life's journey.. . Personal Resonance:. 'Link Click' struck a chord with me, evoking memories of my late father, whom I lost on the 13th of September last year. The exploration ...
At first, I wasn't really interested in Bungo Stray Dogs as it didn't look that good to me and i'm not much of a fan of its genre.. However, I eventually decided to give it a chance after a close friend, who happens to be a huge BSD fan, recommended it to me. Throughout the entire season and even in future seasons, the show has its ups and downs.. . On the positive side, there are some interesting characters (with Dazai being a personal favourite of mine).. The show also includes good jokes and alot of funny/comedic moments, aswell as suspenseful drama that's actually quite entertaining at times. The ...
This season was full of spectacle but lacking in a lot of the emotional tension and strong character dynamics that made season 1 so enjoyable. In this action focused season we see some fam favorites pushed to their limits and some truly beloved characters die and even a member of the main trio nearly killed for good. But similarly to the junk movie it all felt to fast. All style but lacking substance. I think that long time JJK fans will love this but I think it will definitely need to catch up with the manga to grasp the full weight of the story narratively. ...
Shinkai Makoto, the fiercely idiosyncratic anime filmmaker whose long-simmering career exploded into legend when “Your Name” became an international phenomenon in 2016, has always been infatuated with the environment. The likes of “5 Centimeters per Second” and “Children Who Chase Lost Voices” may not express the same ecological concern that courses through Studio Ghibli’s work, but few movies of any kind have ever devoted more energy to — or divested more emotion from — the worlds around their characters. From unknown alien planets to rural Japanese footpaths, Shinkai’s backdrops are so lush, saturated, and ephemeral that the space between characters is best measured by heartache. ...
"Akhirnya, ada juga film one piece yang lebih bagus setelah strong world" Itu pikiran saya setelah nonton film ini. Film ini bakal terlalu panjang untuk direview karena terlalu banyak poin plus nya dan bahkan gaada poin minusnya sama sekali. Pokoknya, movie projek spesial anniversary 20th one piece yang ditulis langsung sama oda sensei ini jauh melebihi ekspektasi awal saya. Film ini mungkin bisa dibilang hadiah spesial fanservice dari oda untuk fans. Terharu bisa liat semua kru topi jerami bisa kumpul bareng lg selama 1 frame, dan worst generation bisa kumpul juga setelah 9tahun lama nya. Lagu"nya juga bikin merinding haru. Jujur, selama nonton film ini ...
This ended up being quite the interesting discover after randomly stumbling across it the other day.. . "Hello World" is a Sci-Fi movie with a core theme exploring how far one is willing to go for the person they love.. . The story will appear to be pretty standard, maybe even a little less than that on a surface level in the first half of the film. At this point, it's just the beginnings of a love story for the main characters, Naomi Katagaki and Ruri Ichigyou with the caveat that there's a "guide" for Naomi Katagaki that comes from someone in the form of himself 10 years in ...
Aah, the first 9 episodes are worth the watch for art and whimsy alone! This could have been more than a 7/10 anime but the plot sort of imploded on itself and lost it's way around epiosde 9. I didn't finish for a long time after watching episode 9 but came back to finish the last 4 episodes at 1.5 x speed just to say I finished it. The last four episodes were as dissapointing as I was expecting them to be, and really lacked the whimsical elements of the first 9 that had me hooked at first.. Best thing about this anime was ...
Note: I don't usually do reviews and this is my first one since I feel like this anime is underrated and wanted to present my opinion towards it.. . Overall: Most factors of the anime were enjoyable, the only 2 points that were lacking are the character development and slightly confusing system. The idea was extremely well done and in my opinion, the positives greatly outweigh the negatives. Definitely worth a try :). . Story: The story and plot itself is substantial, I feel like they could've made it more clear with how things are calculated however the idea of a Financial District and its effect on the real ...
SO CUTE-started watching bc i love the art style, kept watching cus velonica is so cute. i recommended this to my friend and she also loved it's definitely worth more than 6 stars. genuinely one of my favorites and id recommend if u like unique art styles and cute girls it's genuinely so underrated and i consider this a gem. lighthearted not serious and i have to write more but im only reviewing cus there's no reviews if u a Girl not a Woman or a Boy or a Man tht likes cute unique anime i'd recommend 10000000% if u need a typical anime structure ...
I have never written a review on this platform before but I felt compelled to write one for this absolute masterpiece of a show.. . Cowboy Bebop is one of those anime that just never gets boring. Every time I revisit the series I am met with new undertakings behind the show's plot and characters. Not only is Cowboy Bebop entertaining in itself, but the characters in the series make the show all that more interesting, likable, and memorable.. . Set in the year 2071 in a dystopian galaxy, the show follows a group of bounty hunters as they make their way across space, collecting bounties, fighting ...
I stayed up watching this anime a whole night and did not sleep, this is one of the greatest anime ever made. The mc of this anime is LITERALLY me.. . Please watch this anime it's SO good, everyone who said they couldn't sleep after watching it is a troll. It's really funny and there's a cute demon girl so it's definitely worth a watch.. . The story is so unbelievably unique, I wish there was more anime like this. All the characters are wonderful, the writing is perfect.. . The reactions of each characters are unbelievably realistic, I can confirm that the way they reacted in those situations are 100% ...
The player spent time and resources building one of the most powerful characters, based on his two favorite movie wizards, in a VRMMO that allows users to affect the world. He plays a very venerable and dignified summoner, and stays in character as much as possible. Just to use it before he losses it, he plays with an online vanity box and changes his avatar to a cute little girl. Then he falls asleep before he can change it back.. . The player wakes up to find he is his character with the new vanity changes and 30 years in the future ...
tl;dr: A comedy anime about corporate exploitation in a fantasy world with a great protagonist that pendulums between lame and awesome.. . In the modern era, most everyone is running the rat race of life. Working long hours at jobs they don’t particular like in order to pay for things that at best make them happy short term. However, Ninomiya Kinji was determined to escape such a life at all costs. And he did, taking crazy risks but quickly becoming rich enough to do whatever he wants as an Uber NEET. But then he got isekai’d to a fantasy world. And unfortunately the fantasy world is very ...
Love Hina is an enjoyable anime that is true to its type. It is a sweet comedy that is simple, comprehensible and entertaining. I found the opening credits to be fun and entertaining, which sets the mood for the show. While the humor is somewhat predictable, it still has its moments of amusement and entertainment.. . The characters are not complicated, but they remain constant and this makes them poignant. The male lead, Keitaro, is a likable character who strives to surmount faults and at the same time propels that romance. Female characters are not complex, when interacting with Keitaro their behavior is predictable but still entertaining ...
This anime is basically a mixed of comedy that tries to use stereotypes about gender for entertainment purposes. However, the show may not be suitable for people sensitive to stereotypes. Dita has some annoying traits, such as her high pitched voice and how she repeatedly calls Hibiki Mr Alien despite his protests. Hibiki’s ridiculous and self centered attitude towards fighting, combined with his insecure need to be considered masculine can also be annoying. The enemies in the show are not visually good looking, and it could be an issue to some people.. . The show touches upon LGBT themes, those are dealt with quite well and it ...
To start off I don’t do many reviews, so this will not be very detailed.. Girlfriend girlfriend, season two is an absolute banger of a show.. After a solid season one they followed up with this hidden gem of a season. Consistently good artwork, and overall the story for season two focusing a lot around Shino, who is absolutely the BEST GIRL.. Overall, I give this season 9/10 From the good artwork, occasional Ecchi(I appreciate art ), and just lovable characters.. This is a harem anime and if you just remember not to take it too seriously and then just enjoy the story, the characters, and ...
A bit on the older side and obviously filled with cliches. Of course it is an OVA based off the Visual Novel Game. I saw the drama tag, but there isn't any drama in these episodes at all. This anime clearly attempts to create an emotionally driven show with the main theme of cherishing your important memories because you'll never be able to relive them again with also the hinted love between the male main character and his obvious love interest. While that's nice, everything falls short because of the small episode count. This honestly could have been a really good if it had ...
"Shy, a magical girl disguised as a superhero show!?. . Shy takes a different approach to the superhero genre. It has an almost opposite approach to the point where it feels more like a magical girl show than a traditional superhero series, and that's where it shines.. . Having a lead character with a unique background and personality adds depth to the show. This diversity in character representation contributes to a more emotional and relatable storytelling experience. It's refreshing to see different perspectives and approaches to dealing with challenges, which enhances the overall richness of the narrative. In a genre where representation can be limited, the show's commitment to ...
I LOVE JOJO, every characther is iconic in their own way and very memorable, the backstories of every characther are well written, the voice actors put so much emotions in their characthers, it's amazing, the music is awesome, the story is incredible and full of surprises, the art style fits the story SO WELL, it's a bizarre story, therefore, it needs a bizarre art style, i love every jojo and every main villain, i really recomend it, you won't regret it, you will enjoy it if you like shonens with a lot of lore, you will love this anime for the rest of your life, ...
amazing anime, one of the best comedy anime ever made, watch it, it's good and if you like stupid humor, you are gonna have a blast, the art style is also pretty silly, fitting the anime asthetic and story, and about the story, there isn't much so it's easy to watch without paying attention, the characters are also funny and have wacky backstories that only make sense in the anime, and, even if i find her a little annoying, the protagonist is really good, she is pretty funny and silly, i forgive her annoying traits because she is literally a kid so it makes sense
Sword Art Online is mistaken for fan fiction. This isn't a post on Tumblr or reddit. Sword Art Online is about a video gamer named Kirito. Who is a beta tester, that is trapped in virtual reality. If a character dies for real. The character would die for real. Kirito isn't a Mary Sue or a Gary Stu. He fails to save people, and people end up dead because of him. Kirito doesn't dress up as a gimp, and fights crime like Batman. Kirito hasn't mastered all forms of martial arts, and isn't greatest detective. The video gamer doesn't have any superpowers outside virtual reality. ...
Elfen Lied is a true cult classic that explores various themes which includes abuse, discrimination, and the dark side of humanity. Elfen Lied shows the dark side of human nature. There is a scene where a boy beats a puppy to death, and another a teenage girl that got sexually abused by her step father. This is very heavy stuff. This isn't for snowflakes. Elfen Lied does have flaws, but is still a very flawed masterpiece. This isn't for the faint of heart.. . The story was very heavy to get thru. It deals with mature topics, and forces the audience to think. It brings you out ...
dude this needs an anime show or even a movie will suffice, the design is perfect, the story although short there is so much behind it. This would get so much traction even as a movie. please we need more of this.. . idky but the review "needs more info" like i just want to share my opinion let me do that mal. . dude how many words do i need to type before it lets me publish my freedom of speech. . im still continuing just trying to publish this comment and share to the creators that this needs to be a show or movie because this is so worth ...
Legend Of The Galactic Heroes is the King. George RR Martin is struggling to finish his awful Anti-Tolkien book series known as A Song Of Ice & Fire (Game Of Thrones books). Legend Of Galactic Heroes makes A Song Of Ice & Fire written by infants. A Song Of Ice & Fire fails to an anti-war story, because Georgie made everyone pro-war, and not anti-war. When you have dragon lords riding dragons, and burning down castles. You think people would be anti-war? Legend Of The Galactic Heroes is anti-war. It depicts hyperrealistic space warfare. An example would be soldiers during a space battle had ...
Evangelion is a unique film that delves into the realm of psychology. It asks important questions about the human psychology. How would teenagers that pilot giant robots would realistically save the world? The film is character driven story. Shinji is a hyperrealistic protagonist. He isn't this Gary Stu type character. Shinji isn't the world's greatest detective. Shinji hasn't mastered all forms of martial arts, and doesn't beat up criminals wearing a gimp outfit. Shinji isn't Batman. Shinji is a geek. He isn't a rich gimp that fights criminals, and beats up the poor.. . Shinji is an average teenager with an average intellect that is ...
I'm a simple man with simple tastes - if I see a generic romance/comedy in the season, I'll watch it. Even if it's the same copy and pasted show that I've seen a million times before. I'll watch it. As for why... well that's a whole can of worms. But when I saw this airing I thought "well, guess this another one of those". I read the synopsis, saw a tall girl and a goofy looking edgy MC and thought, "okay, this is gonna be a another gag comedy with only one overused joke and appealing to people with a tall girl fetish.". . I had it all figured out.  . . So I ...
I really enjoyed this, give it a very solid 9.5-10. If you enjoy iyashikei, healing type media then I highly recommend Cool Doji Danshi. The voice acting, animation and especially characters are all great, they grow slowly over the series as they all meet and get to know each other.. . The age range of the main characters, from 17 - 27 is a great choice giving them all slightly different situations in life from student, vocational college, traditional university to office job they still all interact with each other in a very natural way. I wouldn't really accuse it of queer baiting but if you are ...
The anime is well-written, with a balance of humor, drama, and adventure. The characters are likable and memorable, each with their own personality and backstory. The animation is stunning, with vivid colors and fluid movements. The soundtrack is fitting, with a mix of orchestral and folk music. The voice acting is superb, with a cast of talented seiyuus who bring the characters to life.. . Sousou no Frieren is a rare gem that touches the heart and soul of the viewers. It is a masterpiece that deserves to be watched by anyone who loves fantasy, adventure, and emotional stories. I highly recommend it to anyone who is ...
To begin with, this anime has one of the most beautiful animations and music I have ever seen, audiovisually it has many beautiful details in the setting and the atmosphere is simply magical.. . Talking about other things... the characters and the story itself are good, each character is nice and the development of the chapters and themes is very enjoyable, it is not excellent or perfect, but for a "Slice of life ". "It fits well.. . In narrative terms this really doesn't have much, but it's still okay because the story doesn't try to make a spectacular world with such complex characters, it just tries to ...
This was more or less a trip down memory lane to me, a popcorn session with nostalgia by my side so that may or may not have clouded my judgment.. . I came into this anime not expecting a lot, to be honest. I had prepared my phone and all in the possibility that it gets tedious and easily boring. It's funny, really. Yamada-kun to Lv999 no Koi wo Suru was one of the first shoujo manga I genuinely fell in love with, and it was also one of my first heartbreaks. The manga was fun at first but I soon found it a chore to read, ...
Everything is good, animation, characters, music, story...etc.. . The only thing I think I need to mention is the large amount of text, probably someone who has no interest in the world of entertainment or who doesn't like reading that much won't like this, the story is very focused on explaining everything about this topic and use a good amount of text to explain it, which could be a bit heavy. . The story focused on the other side of the entertainment world, I think this anime does it very well, with nice characters and a nice development of the story, this season was very short and I think ...
It's just a 10, honestly. I'm sure I could sit here and find things to critique if I wanted, but does it matter when enjoyment is 10/10? The visuals/fight sequences are incredible in the series, but the movie takes it up a level. It far exceeds anything else we've seen in anime in that regard. This coupled with powerful voice acting and music makes for some truly magnificent scenes. Elsewhere, the protagonists are loveable, villains are menacing and story is compelling (especially if you've watched the anime beforehand so have an understanding of the world, characters and journey they're on). If you like fast-paced action ...
THIS IS A SPOILER-FREE REVIEW. . By complete chance, i found out that this movie is now out on streaming plattforms. As a big fan of the "Sword Art Online" - franchise, watching this movie was of course mandatory. I had high expectations, because this is a retelling of the original "Aincrad" Arc from season 1.. . Story - 7/10. . The story moves with a comfortable pace. It manages to recapture the energy of the original Aincrad arc perfectly. I also noticed that this movie fixed my biggest personal criticism i had about the arc before in the sense that, it never felt truly dangerous or frightening in SAO. The ...
Man the first time I watched this anime I was blown away by the animation.. It might not have one the best story but GODDAMN does it make it worth it with some the best animated fight scenes i freaking love how the art style changes specifically for saitama when he goes from bored to serious lol.. . The author knows that it would be boring if saitama was the only focus so they made the side characters have a lot of focus with lots of backstory (which was a pretty good move).. . For newbies I would heavily recommend this anime since the animation are pretty great and the ...
Hello fellow gamers, and welcome to the greatest show on earth - wait, game on earth.. . Anyways, coming in fresh from S1 and S1.5 we now have S2! (and a prequel!) S3 is soon on the way, and a amazing 41episode drama adaption was made! Wow! (If they ever get a season 2 it would be fantastic T.T). . Having seen the drama, I had some idea of what was to come with S2 here ;). . As some have noted, the art style is a bit more matte than S1, but the animation itself is carried out well. I have no real complaints there.. . The score was ...
I dont remember when was the last time I cried in a happy ending. But this one made water droplets to flow from my eyes.. . I am truly happy on how this ended and I love how the whole thing played out. Just like the first season I enjoyed it to the fullest. The dialogues the reactions its so perfectly played out that it almost felt real. These days anime quality is going down a lot but this is something else. I love the romance between them, its so accurate that it lines up after Violet and Sawako's love story.. . Simple yet so beautiful that I ...
I haven't felt this much connection to an anime in years. The story and characters are softly unravelled in such a beautiful way, you really see the MC changing her perspectives on what is important in life. This is already a sentimental classic for me even though it has not finished airing. I could watch this on repeat and just enjoy getting lost in the easy flow of the story and texture of the characters.. Let's give it the support it needs to continue.. . For some reason this tells me I need to write more in order to publish the review, so I'm just going ...
I believe this is better defined as a comedy drama crime, following a group of con artists as they pull off various heists and scams around the world while dealing with their life issues. It's a unique and original show that impressed me with its cleverness. There are still some issues that make it imperfect but still a solid experience.. The show uses a multi-arc structure, with each arc focusing on a different heist and different characters. Its cards are given early on, but the expectations and some unexpected ones still keep it engaging. The character's morals are very questionable, though, and that's one disappointing aspect, ...
Title: Nichijou - My Ordinary Life. . Rating: 9/10. . Introduction:. . "Nichijou - My Ordinary Life" transcends the ordinary in the anime landscape, crafting a whimsical universe where the absurd seamlessly intertwines with the everyday. Adapted from Keiichi Arawi's manga, this slice-of-life series showcases a delightful blend of comedy, surrealism, and heartfelt moments. As an avid anime enthusiast, I delve into the enchanting world of "Nichijou," detailing its unique charm and explaining why it unequivocally deserves a stellar 9/10 rating.. . A Quirky and Refreshing Slice of Life:. . At its core, "Nichijou" is a celebration of the peculiarities found in the mundane. The series introduces us to a trio of high school girls ...
Why a full 10? Because I haven't had this much fun watching anime in a long time and unapologetically cool shows make me very happy.. . It's a break-neck paced medieval mecha anime that doesn't waste any time in getting to the fun and it feels refreshing.. Don't look for any character development or complicated sub-plots, this is entirely a 'what if' scenario of what could happen if a gunpla nerd got isekai'd into a fantasy world where magic mecha technology has stagnated for hundreds of years.. . The story has plenty of developments and never gets boring. You have your friends, your highly entertaining 'you'll rue the day' ...
The second season of the eminence in shadow is quite similar to the first one, which considering the first season was enjoyable is a good thing.. . The story starts off a bit slower and is a bit more boring for a while but afterwards it picks up again and is fun to watch. The main conflict is still between shadow garden and the cult. It's fun to see how the world changes based on what shadow says but it also manages to change in ways to mess with shadow himself which is quite fun to see.. . The characters are the same as in the first ...
the protagonist is not OP like other isekais, if you consider going back to the past one of his abilities, you are wrong. dying for no one is satisfying. and you see with the gestures, with his face, that he is not having a good time. personally i like the soundtrack when everything is already lost. Everything he does wrong and right is because you can't think straight after dying so many times, the guy is human and certainly all of us at some point in our lives get to break down like Subaru. That drives his bad choices and playing the victim at times.
One of the greatest comedies of the modern generation.. In an era overrun by stagnant Isekai anime tropes and overworked MAPPA shows, Eminence season 1 and 2 proves it can stand and be unique on its own two feet while relieving all the classic isekai tropes in its own lovable way.. . Comedy is subjective is a commonly used term for this show. People who take this show seriously will find it extremely unfunny but if you embrace the cringe and autism the show offers, you will find a diamond in the rough.. . Since this is a review for the second season, you most likely already enjoy the ...
This is one of my favourite individual seasons of anime ever. This season is essentially what pushed Vinland saga into my favourites.. . The first thing about this season is that the tone is extremely different from season one. While season one had a lot of fighting, season two starts off way slower. This season doesn’t have as much fighting as the first, it‘s a lot more character focussed. There’s way more dialouge and less action, and that’s exactly what I enjoyed.. . Thorfinn is an amazing anime mc. Slowly over the course of the season, he starts to change and develops. It’s so satisfying seeing his growth ...
Even though this anime is highly controversial, I am actually happy it isn't as popular as could be, because it feels more special.. . Previous season, well 2 parts, was interesting, however I personally didn't like some ecchi aspects and part of the storytelling. I thought this will be another generic ecchi focused mainly around ecchi genre and 2nd season will be bad. Well, it's not the case.. . Despite this anime being labeled as isekai ecchi as one of the main flags, 2nd season went very well ahead and was, at least for me, more enjoyable than the first season. Anime got rid of annoying parts I didn't ...
Campfire Cooking is a nice, cozy isekai story. You can simply turn off your brain, sit back and relax.. . Like so many other isekai series, the main character (Mukouda) is very powerful. In this case it is more by proxy considering he himself is weak, but the Fenrir who joins him is extremely strong. Either way, Campfire Cooking is not about how powerful he and his familiars are, it is about the main character’s adventures in this new world.. . How does he adapt to this new world? What struggles does he face along the way? How does he deal with having a special skill that seems ...
This review will first tackle a little bit of season 1 and season 2 before entering into season 3, sharing a bit of my thoughts regarding 1 and 2.. . Season 1's plot was very nice, particularly how the author portrayed Naofumi's pain, betrayal, relationships, and changes etccc, as a viewer it really felt realistic and emotionally engaging. Especially Naofumi's growth it can be clearly seen and fun to watch. However, as it entered into Season 2 the pacing of the plot felt strange, its really not about the skipping of plot, but somehow its impact its greatly lessen as compared to Season 1, I know ...
A Silent Voice ... a true masterpiece! Now, going into this, you should know that this anime contains a lot of sensitive topics, such as : bullying people with disability, manipulation and even suicide - so tread carefully!. . During the movie you will be introduced to many different characters, some you will absolutely love and others you will absolutely despise because of all the horrible things they do.. The story starts with this shy girl joining her new class in school, with the twist - she is deaf. As we all know, kids can be absolutely cruel and direct, having no sense of how much their ...
Well what can I say ... at some point in my life, music became something I couldn't go a day without. Now, I don't really listen to classical music but I have a huge appreciation to the people who created all those masterpieces. In this anime, we can hear A LOT of different classical music pieces that suit incredibly well in the scenes they are played at!. . I love how many scenes, just as "Titan's finale", Lenny starts playing 4th/Final movement of the 1st symphony of Gustav Mahler - which funnily enough, this symphony has the nickname "Titan" - how cool is that?. Obviously there are ...
Kuuchuu Buranko, also known as "Trapeze" or "Welcome to Irabu's Office", quite ironically doesn't have much to do with the circus act of trapeze as the name and the first episode would initially suggest. In this series, we follow the work of Dr. Irabu, a mysterious psychologist with a rapidly changing personality and a huge injection fetish.. . The whole series is an episodic one and takes place inside the Christmas week or so. Because it's episodic and it's the same week every episode, the series also is a little achronological. Sometimes during the episodes we see other weird things happening in the background and then later ...
First of all, I would like to point out that the movie skips the first few volumes of the manga, which means the characterization of the main character. It's a shame, because I really wanted to know more about him, even if the movie reveals some of his life. Despite being a jazz deity when the story begins, he still retains a charismatic and endearing presence.. Musicals with good music and visuals are a blessing, like an extended music video. I loved Hiromi Uehara's compositions and the more abstract animations were beautiful. This was originally a manga, so a big part of it is on the ...
Wow, no spoilers. Just wow. Reminds me of the time when you know you have a masterpiece after 2 episodes and just binge watch the whole thing.. . This intro is one I never skipped. The scenery that comprised the intro was actually pretty amazing. It wasnt a huge spoiler or showing characters to come, it was just its own thing with graphics that take you on a short journey everytime.. . Where to begin, the end is just the beginning. This series is sort of a mix of a lot. A Monogatari Darling in the franxx, apocalyptic super power wielding ghost story type of anime.. . To begin ...
Not a lot of people know about this series, and it's a real shame. Girls' Last Tour is, in my opinion, the best and most fascinating post-apocalyptic world ever. While it is extremely simple and seems to have no deeper substance lore-wise to delve into on the surface, it actually benefits from that simplicity and gives this somewhat jokey, light-hearted series a permanent undertone of mystery, intrigue, and a fear of the abyss.. . Seeing these two girls, who may just be the last humans alive, rediscover Earth and its last civilizations is excessively interesting to read/watch. You get to learn more about this distant future as ...
This show is engaging for a variety of reasons. It actively engaged me with the various mysteries of its characters, from their motives to their backgrounds to their powers. The ability to juggle more than two "sides" already makes this show impressive, but to then have most of them compelling and entertaining to see play off of each other is simply great. It's a curious case of sort of rooting for everyone but also not wanting anyone to win, whatever "winning" means.. . So, yeah, the characters and story are this show's best features. Visually it's pretty great as well, and the soundtrack is serviceable. The ending ...
tl;dr: A pretty generic filler film that’s decent enough.. . This is a filler film that takes place after the second season of Tensura. As is generally the case with filler films, most everything it introduces will never be seen again after this film. Surprisingly, there was a pretty major exception to that in that this film is the anime debut of Violet, a character that’s pretty important. And I guess this film also somewhat fleshed out Diablo in ways that hadn’t been gone into in the anime yet. However, at the end of the day, the writing has to be careful not to do anything that ...
Phosphophyllite is a Lustrous looking for a purpose, but fail due to their own incompetence. But still tries and matures from the experiences through the series. It's no different than us humans. We look for something we want, we may fail or strive. Sometimes we claim to be talented, sometimes we feel like we are useless, marching on until we find our own place to belong to. Many people can relate to this situation.. Lustrous are very human, with obvious physiological differences, but our minds are similar. It's a futuristic setting with no humans, but there are Lunarians who hunt the Lustrous from time to ...
It's your typical/generic reincarnation anime with a way too OP character that literally gives Saitama a run for his money. And there's nothing wrong with that.. . What gives it a little bump in rating is that it does well in bringing up the other characters and the lore/world building. The animation and color grading is solid for a full season, and has its moments of pretty decent during fights.. . 7-8 is a good rating. I gave it an 8 because I still remember it and the plot, which is more than I can say about other generic reincarnations/isekai even if I enjoyed them (thinking ...
A lesser known work from Kazunori Ito, more popularly known for his work on Ghost in the Shell, among many others, this is a straightforward crime thriller about an average Joe getting caught up in a criminal conspiracy. Personally, I love these kinds of movies, so. I was already inclined to be generous, but this is just a really nice little movie. It moves along at a brisk pace, the animation is solid, the soundtrack is filled with bitchin' 80s guitar solos, and the action scenes are appropriately ridiculous and fun for the genre.. . There are certainly some bits and pieces here that you can nitpick. ...
Step away,whiny otaku males , this shounen is for the girlies.. . I usually dont write reviews to anime,despite being on this site since 09.. But I feel like this anime deserves more positive reviews and many of the *cough* male *cough* reviewers just didnt get it.. . this anime is a BLAST. from the first episode to the last one,you WILL have fun.. Its lewd,it's crass,it's morbid - but its done in such a charming way , nothing comes out distateful.. it's also quite romantic , but not in a super annoying shoujo manner , which makes it even better.. . I would consider this anime a feel good anime [for adults,ofc] ...
Dude, 4 years have passed and there is no new season. Imagine a kid going to college and I was watching anime before that kid was born. And this is the only thing I've been stuck on for all these years that I never want to end. Please release a new season. My damn heart can't handle this anymore, I need to at least know the end of the story. And I don't want anyone in the harem to end up with anyone other than Araragi, especially if you make my Shinobu and Hanekawa unhappy, I will haunt you in hell.
Comentários desorganizados pra fromar uma review apropriada posteriormente já que vou precisar reassistir com muito mais calma pra finalmente poder botar tds meus pensamentos em ordem e formular algo que seja digno de todas as ideias apresentadas aqui. . The art is impressive in all its aspects. General songs are wonderful, especially the Ending, but the Opening isn't far behind (even if the styles are quite different). I can't enjoy Biwa's traditional songs, but the artistry is appreciated. You might get a little lost. Very good character work and the portrayal of the supernatural powers some have. VISUAL: 7,85. º animation 8. º character design 8. ...
The Twelve Kingdoms is something that always resonated with me. This is a fantasy series that towers above all others with a feeling of power and majesty. Despite all the obstacles of converting this large epic novel into an anime series though less perfect, but it still remains a leader of its kind regardless.. . The Twelve Kingdoms is not a regular anime but an intriguing world full of layers lore. Not only does it plunge viewers into the complexity of Twelve Kingdoms, but it also grants us a glimpse at the fates of mystical creatures and immortality bargains between beloved entities. The narrative is elegant and ...
Imagine a tale of two orphans navigating a delinquent adolescence, facing dramatic losses, and having their fates intertwined with the mafia, ultimately recruited as future executives of one of the underworld's major organizations. This is the essence of Gungrave, an anime spanning a single season, not adapted from a manga but rather inspired by a video game title.. . The story kicks off with Brandon Heat and Harry McDowell, longtime friends with distinct personalities and goals. Brandon takes on the role of an introspective protagonist harboring an eternal, platonic love for Maria. Meanwhile, Maria grows under the care of an adoptive guardian, a close friend of Big ...
Honestly it was better than i thought it would be. I kept seeing Chainsaw Man edits on TikTok and the amount of them made me think that this anime is overrated and weird. But a few days ago i gave it a shot and started watching it, because why not you know. Now i know that it wasn't overrated at all. It was amazing and i loved it. One thing that i like about Chainsaw Man is that they were able to tell the whole story in 12 episodes, it was quick and easy. I understood everything and nothing was overcomplicated, it was simple and ...
As others had said, being weary of Chinese Anime, but seriously, this might change my opinion on their side of the industry. It has been a LONG time since I have seen a good investigative thriller like something of Death Note. Now add wonderful animation, good music, a solid plot, and boy - a great twist. If this the new material coming from Chinese production, Japanese production is in trouble. If there isn't an end to the mediocrity on the other side of the sea, China is coming for the top. I cant wait to watch the second season. At this stage in anime, I ...
I found out this show when I was searching for something with action and comedy. Turns out that it has more than just good fighting and funny lines, because there's a philosophical sense between the lines that boost up the feelings you feel while watching it. And maybe that's why I was caught up by the story, but it wasn't immediatily, since i strugled to go any futher after I watched the first episode. However, the characters are very intriguing and that's very good, because I think that might be the reason why I forced myself to continue watching the show, and I'm grateful for ...
So in short.. . I think this is the best anime in the history of all anime, so I give my vote to it.. . I've been watching Fullmetal Alchemist since the 2003 adaptation and it was great! And even the 2007 adaptation isn't that bad. So yes, there is an obvious top ten.. I don’t even know what to think about here.. . Like Kamon, name me at least one anime with such deep characters. And the characters’ emotions were simply perfectly conveyed. Is it possible that I still liked the 2003 adaptation more due to the greater gloom and atmosphere. And the music there is much better. ...
I am moved. Kyousougiga emulates so many works that I am deeply fond of. From Eva's unconventional character build-ups to FLCL's signature humour, adding in bits of Gainax's flair and even hints of Shaftism. But perhaps the most noticeable analogue is Ikuhara's Penguindrum. Not just in the way Kyousougiga swaps background characters with literal cardboard cutouts, but mainly in the themes it shares surrounding family and how, in the face of inexplicable ideas like fate or, in this case, divinity, that familial bond triumphs over all else. It's a confounding and conceptual but ultimately an immensely profound journey.. . Kyousougiga firmly follows the idea that "rules are ...
"Life is suffering. It is hard. The world is cursed. But still, you find reasons to keep living.". . Grim, long, and an utterly complex epic. This is arguably Miyazaki's most striking work both visually and thematically and for someone who's mainly known for creating soft, comfy films it's understandable to see why.. . It's easy to look at Princess Mononoke as an allegory of naturalism vs industrialism, and to an extent it seems that is what Miyazaki had in his mind while he was creating the film. But I'd like to think that Miyazaki rather wanted this to explicitly be a film about how human beings collectively look ...
Sometimes you don't need a big budget to create a hilarious and heart-warming film. All you need is vision and a good understanding of the cinematic tools at hand (and a lot of time and dedication). This is a 71-minute film that took seven years to complete with a crowdfunded microbudget of nearly 40,000 dollars. Kenji Iwaisawa drew over 40,000 frames on his own. The minimalist art style, oddball characters, and deadpan humour grew so quickly on me that by the end I was craving for more and more. It did make me yearnful for the idyllic days of the past, even though it wasn't ...
“The work, which becomes a new genre itself, will be called.… COWBOY BEBOP.”. . “I think it's time we blow this scene, get everybody and the stuff together... okay, three, two, one, let's jam.”. . I can't even begin to try and put into words what Cowboy Bebop as an experience means to me. It's legitimately above almost every show I've ever seen. Every character here is so human and organic that they don't even belong to any archetypes. The show breaks every trope and flushes it down the drain like it's nothing. It's unfathomable just how unique and masterful every episode is. Every minute detail is given attention. ...
What happens when you create a story about storytellers?. . Rakugo is a dying art form in the face of modern entertainment. This is a story about how it struggles through the ages. Most of the series takes place in the past as a backstory. In a drama that plays out like a novel, you watch the absolute worst and best come out of the characters. You cheer for them, you reject them, but ultimately there's a feeling of bitterness and despair that always follows them around, despite never being a "dark" show. Yota, Konatsu, Bon/Kikuhiko (later known as Yakumo), Hatsutaro (later known as Sukeroku), Miyokichi all ...
Nichijou is a big package of comedy skits with cute and crazy school girls, sometimes boys, and their teachers doing cute and crazy things, as well as an android and their genius 8 y/o creator, a talking cat, any many more.. KyoAni did a fantastic job with both the animation and art style, being pretty much flawless. Everyone is cute and distinctive. One of the main aspects of Nichijou is in it's absurdity. It takes the advantage of being an anime/manga to do, in my opinion, beautiful surrealist punchlines, and I love that craziness. It is a prominent characteristic since the beginning. And a little of ...
I Really enjoyed this show. There are so many lovable charachters and also one of my favourite charachters of all time Obi. Of course there are many better romance anime than this, but I feel like snowhite with red hair was a really calming and nice show to watch. Although the ending is not the best I really liked both seasons and I feel like it was most deferently worth watching, and I deferently recommend this show. The art style is also great, there is a lot more they could've done but this show will still have a place in my heart. I feel like ...
Rosario to Vampire. A classic anime that somehow really feels the originality of the story even though the plot is not much different from other harem animes. This anime is interesting to watch because it feels like the story that is presented is not boring and can still be enjoyed.. . Talking about the story, like an ordinary school boy where he has to be able to solve the problems that will await him and make new friends, for some reason the majority are all girls. Because in reality it's not as easy as shown hahahahaaahaa. The story is packaged in a structured manner and is not very ...
This short OVA summarises all of the low-effort romance movies currently in the world.. . . Girl meets boy, they fall in love, bunch of random things happen and they live happily ever after, but I have no complains with this one. The animation and art style is decent enough for its time though they could've put a little more effort. The voice acting is kinda choppy and feels as if it was not timed properly. The story is what you find in most romance movies these days but this one is a little bit unique. The characters are fine and all of them helped the story go ...
あいしてる. . A beautiful reflection on the complexities and beauties of life,. the show is filled with happiness and uncertainty, friendliness and hardship. From the moment Bon gets his first real feeling of comfort the show had me in its grasp, the truth that life is so much better to get through with a friend.. . Bon’s discovery of jazz and love go hand in hand, both in time and in feeling. Both matters are not those of fact, of wrong or right, but a matter of spirit, of feeling, and to share that feeling with another to reach a beautiful harmony.
This movie probably had the best use of a plot device for a Romance genre with inexplicable supernatural elements.. . No real big issues with the movie other than it was a little rushed and I was not the biggest fan of the male lead voice actor but these are not the fault of the original material. It's a shame that I watched the movie first because I have a feeling I would had thoroughly enjoyed the original. The movie felt like a sparknotes version of the entire story in a way, and given the foundation and overall plot, I can see the LN being a masterpiece.. . Haven't ...
I've honestly never seen such mixed opinions on an anime before. I completely understand why people aren't a fan of DITF. The very interesting mech riding position and several other ecchi references can be a turn off. I'll admit that the show also waifu baited hard with 02 but honestly I feel that past all that there is a pretty good plot that can evoke emotion.. . I enjoy the overall plot of the show maybe because I really like dystopian plots but it definitely peaked my interest. The other kids besides from 02 and Hiro were definitely slow to develop but I found myself interested in ...
Kanojo, Okarishimasu 3rd Season was a really great continuation from the previous two seasons, there were so many touching moments and generally the plot felt a lot more focused. I really did get emotional a lot throughout this season, without going into spoilers there were some really tragic topics covered and the serious scenes were tackled really well with lots of genuine moments from the characters. I do really love the main cast, it's been cool to see the progression of their development and relationships as the show has gone on and it's always great to learn more about them which we did a lot ...
WE NEED A SEASON 2!!!!. AMAZING! EVERYTHING I COULD HAVE EVER ASKED FOR! Beautiful animation and color choices. Great characters. Great like SpyxFamily. I can already tell you this is going to be one of my go-to shows to have on in the background when cleaning, studying, or anything else! I absolutely love anime as a medium, but one thing I've struggled to find is anime I can have on all the time on any episode throughout the day just to relax, AND THIS IS ONE OF THEM! It's just so wholesome. I love to see men who love their daughters represented! It's Just so cute.. . Listen, ...
Unless you are one of those few people that do their research before deciding to watch a show, you just like me came into this anime with very different expectations taking into account the anime's title and cover. You most likely came into the movie expecting a generic magic world type anime and got hit with something completely different, however in my opinion the story and setting of the anime is much better compared to a generic fantasy power type anime and the surprise subverting all your expectations actually enhances the overall experience of the show.. (P.S. I was made aware that many people recently gravitating ...
A moving crying hero and epic gangs. At first it seemed generic to me, however the more I saw it the more I loved it.. The whole aesthetic and concept of the gangs, their code, friendship, fights, clothing, hairstyles and styles is simply cool.. The fights are not only meaningless fights, they have a purpose, a background and that is why watching them is meaningful and very exciting, definitely my favorite chapters are those related to bloody Halloween, the plot around that arc is very interesting and intriguing, even more because of the way it develops and even has tragic moments like Baji's death.. I hope to have that ...
After finishing watching Najica, the only word I could use to describe what I saw was: Wow!. . I remember when Najica appeared and so-called "specialized" media (that had nothing to do with specialization), they called it a copy of Aika. As I was very young back then, and it wasn't as easy for me to access Najica as it is now, I simply let it go.. . Now, several years later (many years later), I was able to see this great Najica. What's it about?. . Najica takes us to a world of a secret agent whose goal is to unravel the mystery behind some artificial humans called "Humanrritt". These ...
This gets a solid 7.5 from me. If you like Cute Girls Doing Cute Things and Slice of Life you will probably enjoy this, they never come up against a challenge that's too big for them to deal with as a high school club and they succeed while making friendships on the way. Some of the characters are kind of out there for real life but lets be real Juliet Queen Elizabeth VIII isn't too weird of a name in anime i guess. I particularly enjoy the relationship between Takumi and the Club President whose bonding over the same shoujo manga and light novel series ...
Time to review a Winter 2011 Classic! Puella Magi Madoka Magica is known for completely changing our perception of the Magical Girl genre. Looking at the cute artwork and the cute characters, it does seem at first to be a standard for the genre. As the episodes progressed, the tone drastically changes and it catches the viewers off guard. However, that is only partially why Madoka Magica is so famous. This anime is most well known for being a tale of friendship. It is a friendship unlike any other. Madoka Magica is a story about a person who wants to save someone they care for ...
This show isn't some big thing with complex characters and incredible well-written plot points—because that's not the point of this series, and I feel like that's one thing people in the community generally never seem to get. Some things are not meant to be a thought-provoking adventure. If you want something super exciting, this anime won't be for you.. . Yes, this is mostly a simple but generally wholesome story. The point of the anime is that the viewer has something cozy to watch without having to think too much of what's going in it. You could even call this a cheer-up anime. The characters and ...
Who doesn't love a crossover between their favorite isekai.. . I like how they mixed opening songs of both anime towards the end and drew parallels between the characters. (like how Epislon & Shaltear are both jealous). . It was funny how Ainz roleplayed as a chunni to fit in as shadow, while Shadow being Shadow just let the situation play out. Everyone reacted in the way we expected them to.. . Honestly, I was expecting something like this to happen at some point because they were way too similar. And are both by Kadokawa. Hopefully this means we can hope to see shadow in the Isekai Quartet ...
What if someone tries to survive Hogwarts from Harry Potter with just raw, unbelievable, super-hero level strength?. Well this anime is the answer to this question.. . Basically gives the feeling, as other people have also described it, of Saitama in Hogwarts.. . The anime is done well when it comes to slap-stick, non-vulgar humor which is quite refreshing actually.. I enjoyed the quips between the characters and the cast actually feels like they add to the story rather than just being one character with a bunch of unnecessary side characters.. The characters stick to the script enough to reflect what they are supposed to do, but show just enough ...
Tbh, this is a solid 7/8 out of 10 for me. But since Laputa means "the whore" in Spanish and I find it pretty funny because I have the mental capacity of a five-year-old (even funnier when the Spanish dub had to constantly say "Laputa" without laughing), I'll give it a 10.. . Peak comedy.. . Still pretty good, though. If you aren't as biased as I am and you also love Studio Ghibli, you're definitely gonna enjoy this one.. It's a classic and a must watch for any Hayao Miyazaki fan, pretty meh in my opinion (At least compared to the rest of his movies), but still quite enjoyable.. . Story: ...
If you love Rozen Maiden , then it’s probably already known to you that Traumend is a sequel of the series, and things continue exactly where they finished off in its previous run. Traumend is an almost direct continuation of the first series. If you haven’t seen that, this one probably isn’ t worth bothering with at all. Trust me, you'll be lost.. . While Rozen Maiden was more about evolving characters, Traumend makes the jump right into action and keeps things moving at a fast pace throughout. There are still some fights between the dolls, however, it is more related to drama and action rather than ...
Please, please do NOT listen to any of the angry westerners in these reviews. This anime, while being peak fiction, at the same time helps explore the morals of the Aum Shinrikyo religion and its positive impacts on the human psyche, and how joining said church can help you find true meaning in life.. . Brother Shoko Asahara guides you through your spirituality crisis and helps you find true meaning. Common topics within the religion such as levitation and how to carefully achieve said practice are touched on, debunking any western/japanese government lies that were used to attack Aum Shinrikyo.. . The characters well rounded, with the protagonist, Shoko ...
Do I recommend Nadesico? Yes, but kinda.. . Nadesico is a classic mecha anima based a lot on other even more classic mecha anime, but it doesn't stand up to those inspirations, it traies to do too much at the same time and in the end it doesn't do any of those things really right, it has charming aspects but overall it feels like a jumbled mix of a lot of ideas that don't function that well together.. . When the series tries to do it's story seriously it's actually great, but every time it pivots to something else it crumbles imensely.. . So overall, Nadesico is great at a few ...
Short and to the point: if you like Fantasy, Magic, Elves or anything D&D, then watch this.. . The love and attention to detail put into every aspect of this is heartwarming, it stands as a true statement to what great anime can be, and what other creators should strive for.. . Frieren is probably the best fantasy anime ever made. Every aspect of this is incredible:. - storytelling: slow paced story, and at the same time some of the best action scenes I've ever seen.. - world building: increadible world, attention to detail in politics, relationships, personalities, even the naming of the cities, characters etc is consistent (german).. - characters: have ...
Eng: I will have to say something, this anime along with Samurai Champloo, Serial Experiments Lain, Evangelion and FLCL, was one of the first ones I saw in its entirety last year, until recently I finished watching it, and I will have to say that it is a damn masterpiece.. . To begin with, from the first chapter it gives you a preview of what you will see, and it is a memory of the protagonist, Spike Spiegel, who is very melancholic and then you have one of the best anime openings.. . Later, in the 90s, who the hell was going to think of making an anime with ...
This Anime i consider as "The Greatest Anime Ever Made" From the Very Start to The Ending everything is Perfectly Written ... it gives Me Star Wars Vibes and It's as Good As Star Wars .. In some cases it even surpass Star Wars .. the Dynamic B/w Reinhard & Yang is Easily the Best Dynamic in all of Animanga . Yang & Reinhard are one of the Finest Written Animanga Characters I had ever Witnessed ... The Animation is an issue with this Anime but We all know it is very old so you have to compromise with Animation.. The Philosophical & Psychological Depth ...
I like to start off my reviews with a stupid joke and a bad summary, but I don’t think that will do this short 40-minute heartwarming story any justice. Hotarubi no Mori e or Into the Forest of the Fireflies’ Light tells us the story of a Young Girl and her mysterious friend Gin and how their relationship grows over a span of around 10 years. If by the time the film ends you feel like crying – I don’t blame you, even in the one shot, you can get attached to these characters very quickly.. . Plot – 9/10. It’s short, concise and well executed – everything ...
Hayao Miyazaki, the man, the myth, the legend, the movie he's worked on for apparently 7 years, so much so that people in Ghibli got bored of waiting and made the abomination known as Earwig and the Witch (though, that movie has merits for Studio Ghibli's first attempt at a full CG/3D animated film), How Do You Live? is the renowned director's final magic trick.. . In a world post-Covid, in the advent of what I call, the "Sakuga Renaissance" of Anime, that boomed in 2021, how does a master like Miyazaki compare to his younger peers in the anime industry? I ask you this, no answers ...
Fiquei satisfeito,acho que melhoraram esses primeiros arcos do manga,com uma animação boa e que impressionou muitas vez,coreografias muito boas em certas lutas,bons designs,não estragaram os momentos mais expressivos e exagerados e vi a consistencia na adaptação até ao final.Notei que foi feito com gosto e olhando para o seu resultado final,trabalharam bem.Mas acho que em relação ás músicas (tirando as openings e as endings) e aos cenários,podiam ter feito melhor,de resto,satisfação.. . I was satisfied, I think they improved these first arcs of the manga, with good animation that was often impressive, very good choreography in certain fights, good designs, they didn't ruin the most expressive and ...
In my memory it's one of the most expensive and diverse anime.. The first season was the beginning and was tied to the disclosure of characters and the display of their personality, as well as the first story arc of the second, when the rest of the season is the culmination of what we were shown in the first season, however, due to this fact, people who watched the first season have long forgotten what was in the first season, because of this, there are negative reviews in which people complain that the characters are empty, the only reasonable claim is a claim to the ...
Uma adaptação que superou o manga,sem dúvida,porém a história que foi adaptada no filme não deixa de ser mediocre contando com tudo.A animação e as coreografias destacaram-se positivamente,inclusive a última luta ficou uma maravilha,sinceramente essa luta meio que carregou esse filme,not gonna lie.,Como de costume a equipa que trabalha com a adaptação para animação da obra consegue nos apresentar um trabalho bem feito e com bom desempenho.Diria que a adaptação fez com que valesse a pena assistir ao filme,mas realmente ainda há muita coisa ignorável no filme,até chega ser overrated.. . An adaptation that surpassed the manga, without a doubt, however the story that was adapted into ...
Love Hina is one of the classic harem animes. A guy dreams of attending Todai university, but can't get in. When he gets the chance to become the manager of an apartment building he takes it in order to support himself while he studies. What his grandmother, who left the position to him, didn't tell him was that it's an all-girls apartment building. Since he is hopelessly clumsy and unlucky he gets into a bunch of compromising situations with the various girls. It's laden with tropes and archetypes, but still quite enjoyable to watch. So how does this title rise above the trappings of mediocracy? ...
If Armitage as a series has a flaw it's that it leaves you wanting more. The moments between Ross & Armitage are way too short.. . Sure, the animation is clunky, the details might look dated, but on it's own Armitage the 3rd is really an action romance show hiding under the cyberpunk aesthetic. It definitely can't hold a candle to ghost in the shell in terms of pure visual quality, but it actually displays a bit of the casual fun present in the GiTS manga / SAC or say battle angel alita. It is one of the predecessors of the whole 2000s - 2010s series ...
Trigun, like lots of anime before the worldwide boom in anime we currently enjoy, is kinda a mixed bag.. . The voice acting has some fun character to it, if a bit corny sometimes. The art is strong with nice designs and still shots, but the animation is stilted enough to feel old even next to older series of the time (Neon Genesis: Evangelion, Yuu Yuu Hakusho, etc...). The story feels resonant, mostly due to a well realized main character, in spite of a bit of an annoying amount of technobabble throughout the plot.. . Oh yeah, Trigun also has some of the best direction the industry ...
This is a masterpiece that gets snoozed on. Don't let that be you!. . WARNING: By the end of the anime, the desire to attempt long-distance running is almost guaranteed. Proceed at your own risk.. . The animation can seem a bit goofy off of the poster for it, but don't let that stop you. It has solid animation throughout and fits the vibe of the anime. It is enjoyable for those who love the sports genre and even for those who aren't much of a fan. (None of the inner monologues are cringe with the "get on with it already" effect.). This anime is all about creating real ...
I'm so glad Instagram Reels existed. Without Reels, I would've never discovered the existence of Zom 100.. . What hooked me in was the carefree-ness of the protagonist, Akira, despite living in an apocalypse. However, it's not Akira that kept me hooked, it was the social commentary embedded into this unconventional setting.. . In a zombie apocalypse, people are worried about one thing: Survival. How do you manage your resources? How can you stay safe? How do you know who to trust?. . The theme of survival is thrown out the window. Instead, it presents a new theme: Freedom. After a zombie invasion debilitates the functionality of a government, there are ...
The new journey has started with an awesome Starter episode, let's talk about this episode 😁!!. . First of all the OP and ED was Too good with new art style and animation, it was perfect and the transition of luffy whole journey with his nakama joining him one by one and other major character scems was top notch loved it. 10/10. Now some episode review points.... . 1. The way they showed whole Sabo involved scene along with the Eradication of the Island, it was breath taking!! Loved how they made it and how IMO's imposing held us on our seat with the danger beating sound and Island Leaving ...
Each Arc’s Rating. . Hunter Exam 9: great start of the series. Zoldyck Family 6: introduces some interesting characters but overall the most forgettable part of the show. Heaven’s Arena 7: does a good job of introducing nen. Yorknew City 10: the phantom troupe is the best part of the show. Greed Island 5: so boring and felt like such a drag to get through. Chimera Ant 7: had a good ending but as a whole the arc felt boring at times and was pretty disappointing to me. Election 8: didn’t care much for Alluka but loved the rest. . ...
[An isekai anime of the OP MC trope with quite an original storyline yet with lots of clichés of its genre, rather slow yet still enjoyable pacing, less elaborated yet simple writing/world-building/character-building, and minimum yet enough-to-keep-you-curious conflict/dynamic. Decent quality, an enjoyable light watch. 8/10]. . The overall story is an original, novel, and refreshing touch of the overpopulated genre which is isekai, but still with so many clichés of the genre nevertheless. It tells a story of a salaryman reborn as a young healer, which unexpectedly is rare in this new world. What sets him apart (and what makes the world consider him as 'odd', told in ...
The use of cinematographic language in this season was truly splendid, to the extent that I feel it was a waste to use it on the plot of Jujutsu Kaisen.. . The Kaigyoku part was particularly noteworthy, with nuanced storytelling and thrilling action scenes. Almost every episode had its merit. Ep.25 (Kaigyoku) featured mini "haunted house" exploration, effortlessly created a suspenseful atmosphere with clever camera transitions. The battles in ep.28 (Kaigyoku: Shi), whether intense or ethereal, are all superbly executed. Ep.29 (Gyokusetsu) flawlessly matched camera and sound to reflect the shift in character mindset (Recall the transition from the sound of a shower to rain to applause? ...
Truth is. This anime is GOOD, including the ending sequence.. What people (more likely famboys) tent do dislike is the accepting that Eren had to do something that he hasn't had the consequence to have before in the anime. He had to make a choice for the sake of his contry and everyone he loved in it, and he didn't have any other better choice that wouldn't go against his previous personal beiefs, not one that Ymir would accept.. . It's something not everyone will be able to cope with, for it varies very strongly even among the characters themselves. Even Eren has mixed feelings with what he ...
I was rewatching it right now and I decided to write a review recommending and telling how was the experience when I watched it for the first time during christmas. Well, I remember how I felt like it was yesterday, It was on december 24th 2019 and I was alone at home cause I wasn't feeling good, got flu and my family went to buy some stuff for the christmas party and suddenly, for no reason at all, I decided to watch the movie. I felt so bad, sad, destroyed, depressed when the climax began I couldn't stop crying during the rest of the day. ...
There's a great deal to love about this series. The CGI on this one really is great, partly because the characters themselves aren't human, making the sometimes strange movements feel normal for them. As usual for Studio Orange, it's at its best when these models are in motion, with some of the sakuga standing out as very impressive. I think for the most part the characters are interesting, with each type of crystal having its own distinct nature and, in several cases, fighting style. Not all of them get the kind of attention that I would want, but in a 12 episode run, some characters ...
It's alright, the story was pretty barebones but I'm not exactly going to get shakespeare from what is essentially a high quality ad. Speaking of quality, the animation was probably the only highlight of this anime. In fact, it was so good that I genuinely find it baffling that something like this was given so much effort, but then again, what did I expect from Ufotable other than top tier animation.. . What particularly struck me about this show, however, was it's thought provoking critique of capitalism through the CEO who has gone mad with power, corruption and greed, and how the workers class have to fight ...
It is literally “Anime Girls: The Show”. You’re not gonna tell me that this wouldn’t be perfection at least in my eyes to some degree. Obviously this review is for the series as a whole right now like…it’s just a fun show. Loved it in middle school and I still love it now as just a fun thing. If you just want a simpler show with waifus then this is *the* show for it, no doubt about that at all. It doesn’t have to be this hyper-deep thing or whatever. It’s got any girl you want in it. I’m confident you won’t be disappointed.
Probably one of the best shounen to come out in a while. It’s very intense and is absolutely visually amazing. The characters feel like real, genuine people. All the action feels fun, cinematic, and brings me back to 2013-2015 when clipping certain anime fights for YouTube was the hypest shit ever. Using MAPPA as the studio for Chainsaw Man was definitely the best move you could make. I don’t see anyone else doing it better than them with how this thing looks. I very much came into it purely because of Makima, but everything else really sold me. I even moved on to the manga ...
Mid-Season short reviews of each episode. . [7]A class in video-game anime, and building stuff for posterity. [7]Super fun, makes me wanna play. [8]Cool way to do bosses. [7]Wish the girl had + stuff beyond romance, but MC's part is great. [6]Fun fight, but very unecessary exposition. Cool situation w the leaked photo tho. [7]What a fast ep, many good fights and world growing. I don't know much but it feels pretty accurate and fun. [7]I liked the on screen fights, but the length limitations are starting to show. The girls advancement was good, gimme more. [7]Cool fight but nothing much. ...
If you love stories filled with action and easy power growth as well main shonen themes, then Naruto Shippuden can be right up your alley. Some people might criticize filler episodes and flashbacks but the series provides an inspiring story about personal growth and determination, which appeals to many.. . The main storyline of the original Naruto series is about a boy who works hard to become Hokage… In Shippuden, Naruto turns out to be the embodiment of a super ninja and was destined from a prophecy where he is to save the world. This unique twist makes the story so exciting as it gives an unexpected ...
Bleach was one of the first animes that I watched along with Dragon Ball Z, One Piece and Naruto. I suppose many people can identify with that. As soon as I started watching it, this anime immediately captured my instant liking.. . I liked the interesting and likeable cast of characters in Bleach. While not all characters were the brightest, such a large case had me looking forward to meeting even more people in this series. the visuals and music were cool, as well as the unique powers. My favorite one was the Soul Society arc in which Ichigo saves Rukia and fights Byakuya. After that followed ...
Visions of Coleus is a short story that happens between the first and second season of 'That time I reincarnated as a slime'. It's not crucial to the main story but it does give a bit more information on some elusive characters and explore another nation so it is worth watching in the main series.. . The story is about Rimuru going to another nation to attempt to gather information about a possible civil war. The story isn't super impressive or anything but it's fun to watch regardless.. . The characters are mainly just rimuru and and locally relevant characters with actual significant characters occasionally coming up. ...
The story is extremely unique and the art style fits the show well. So far, I can't find a single thing wrong with this show. I love how they connect the stories with the past heroes with the cast now. The animation is beautiful. No inconsistencies. The cast is enjoyable and the adventures they go on are entertaining. Seeing time pass in Frieren's perspective is awesome because for her she lives such a long life so it's interesting. I really like Frieren, Stark, Himmel, and Fern. The character development is great as well because at first you could tell Stark was not confident in his ...
The show was pretty good. The characters were quite wacky and interesting. This was mostly a slice of life about the evil inherent in unregulated capitalist healthcare dressed up as an isekai but was enjoyable.. There really wasn't much plot so it didn't have a huge amount of action however the comedy was reasonable and the art style and animation was of standard quality.. The MC was a standard isekai character and wasn't unique but the side characters made the show a lot better due to comedic elements. The show was not realistic but then it's an isekai so what were you really expecting.. Good for if you're ...
Bocchi The Rock! is a refreshing and entertaining slice-of-life anime that deserves a 9 star rating for its enjoyable and relatable stories and characters, its clever and engaging plot, and its engaging cast of characters. The stories are often relatable and comical, showing a unique and endearing side of daily life. The characters are very entertaining and have good character development and growth. The animation is top-notch and the soundtrack is memorable and fun. Bocchi The Rock! deserves a 9 star rating for its refreshing and enjoyable content and its wonderful cast of characters.. . Bocchi The Rock! is an entertaining and endearing slice-of-life anime that deserves ...
Portuguese Review Below. ----------------------------. . A simple adventure and a little cute: 6.3/10 ✪. . I discovered the work through the manga, I only read the beginning a while ago, at the time I thought it was cute, and I expected more from the story now that I've seen it all, but it was fun.. . From what I've seen, the manga continues, unfortunately you can't even find it in PT-BR in the scans, so I don't know what their future will be like.... . But at least it was fun, when I saw that there was animation for this simple work, right from the start I realized that it would be a very ...
Later edit: finished the season and I have to say this anime is breathtaking. If you would ask me to describe it in one single word it would be just this: emotion.. . Frieren is an adventure, literally. It feels like a combination of the hobbit and lord of the rings, but after evil was defeated and new heroes appear...there is still evil, and luckily there are still heroes.. . I don't know how good the manga is, I just know that up until this point it's a masterpiece for me, madhouse really gave it all, this is their best work and I know I'm hyping this anime to ...
Look, let’s face it: NOTHING is ever going to be FLCL… but since we already have it, do we really need anything else to do that again? FLCL is an original masterpiece, so by definition, any attempt to repeat it would be… unoriginal. With that, I dare you to take off the nostalgia goggles and see FLCL Grunge for what it is: a fun - and surprisingly touching - story set in our favorite universe, complete with all the neon-psychedelic absurdity that is FLCL! The same (apocalyptic) events are told in three coming-of-age stories featuring a set of friends trying to find their place ...
What would you do if one of your kind, loving (and 20 million yen in debt) friends threw you into a mysterious game testing how far you’d go for friends and how little for money? Well, you don’t have any friends - but in Tomodachi Game or Friends Game you can find out the answer to this completely bizarre situation! Combining a little bit of mystery, a whole lot of mind games and a dash of an ending begging for a continuation; Tomodachi Game aims to present how close bonds between friends can really get.. . Plot – 7/10 - Close 8, a few major plot holes ...
Konosuba absolutely hit its stride in season 2. It's like a twisted version of Friends or the anime version of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. I have never laughed out loud this much from an anime. There's so much subtle humor in the character's facial expressions and witty, often outrageous dialogues/monologues, which I found on par with Love is War.. . It's a refreshing satire on the Isekai genre (imagine a romcom parody version of Mushoku Tensei). There is a solidified plot and it does honor the genre, but the true gem is witnessing the protagonist's shenanigans and character development. There is a gratuitous amount of ...
This changed how many dark tones can be shown in an anime. The 2nd half is also very dark toned. I never knew how much extreme thriller can exist in anime besides HxH, until saw this. I love this show way too much and the visual novel as well. This is one of the few shows that are better than HxH and the only show released after the HxH remake, that is better than HxH. Can't wait for Season 5, hope more epic magnificence occurs. Now, the dark tones of this show are so spectacular that it really works well with the story of this ...
Overall, this anime was actually interesting to watch. I'm in love with animes that mix comedy, action and drama together and this one did it with perfection!. . At first, the main character seemed to be so annoying for his alarming ignorance, but as time goes by, he starts to understand and becomes very sweet with others. The main and supporting characters are also visibly unusual since they have their own personality in a world where every student is extremely unbothered about the situation they're in. Each episode really feels like we're going to discover something important about one of the characters. Despite the context, it's crazy ...
Okay, so originally, I was going to put this under "mixed feelings" or even "not recommended," because the anime is flat out weird, and the multiple plots points it tries to tackle in the first few episodes destroy the pacing. Fortunately! I can say with quite proudness that I would recommend this to someone. Once you get over the hurdle which is the beginning, the show becomes really engaging. I mean, it's ninjas fighting ninjas, what's not to love?. . This anime is definitely a fever dream. As someone who plays Kingdom Hearts, Under Ninja is likewise hard to follow along, and is something one has ...
So, "Dr. Stone" isn't typically my go-to genre in anime, but I was looking for something new and decided to give it a try. To my surprise, it turned out to be quite a good watch!. . I was super surprised by how many sweet and heartfelt stories are in this anime (I expected a lot of fights and drama). It's cool how it connects our modern world to this new Stone Age they're living in. I got into the characters and their growth. And honestly, I can't wait to see what happens between Senkuu and Tsukasa.. . Initially, I found the pace of the show a bit slow ...
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure: Stardust Crusaders is a masterpiece in every sense of the word. The characters are all incredibly charming and entertaining, and the action is fast-paced and exciting. The plot is unpredictable with a good mix of humor and drama, and the animation and music is top-notch. The fights are beautifully animated with clever and unique tactics that make each encounter memorable and engaging. The humor is also top-notch, with a good balance of wit and irreverence. Overall, it's a must-watch anime for anyone looking for something that appeals to all sensibilities.. . I would definitely recommend Jojo's Bizarre Adventure: Stardust Crusaders to those looking for ...
It's my first review so I apologize for any error.. Boy if I loved this anime.. Unlike the usual harem-fanserviced, trying-to-be serious shows out there, Kimi No Koto Ga Daidai (eh, I'm not typing the whole name), knows it's an overused genre, and it makes fun of itself for it.. The main girls aren't some twats who only want to make out with the main character for some random reasons. Well, actually they do, but unlike other animes, we actually get to know more about the girls each episode, and we learn to love their different and unique personalities.. The main boy isn't the usual shy, whiny, ...
premises is great, like who the hell can ever imagine about Zhuge Liang got reborn in a modern Japan?. . the 1st episode really hooked me up because light everywhere, loud music, and stuff and it carry on till the end of 1st half.. the 2nd half really slow the paced down which i don't mind at all but after that fast paced 1st half, the 2nd half makes it kinda underwhelming. don't get me wrong, it's still good but it deducted a point from me.. . Music is really great! 96neko really fits EIKO personality when singing. and Kabe rap is really good too! opening and ending song really ...
After having watching it a year ago I keep saying that it is the best thing I have seen in my entire life, NANA will always have a place in my heart (someone pay me therapy). I highly recommend this anime just like I recommend Paradise Kiss, it's just as much a masterpiece. Well-written characters, realistic behaviors, identifiable traits (not every of them) and with a bitter reality.. . I think that anyone who has not known a good, very realistic anime, with romance, without the need to sexualize each female character in all episodes, with a development of history, interesting and real backgrounds, loves and will love ...
Lycoris Recoil is an exhilarating and fast-paced action-packed anime. It has an incredible storyline that keeps viewers hooked and engaged, and the characters are all very appealing and well-developed. The action scenes are intense and entertaining, and the animation and soundtrack are also top-notch. Plus, the plot is full of twists and turns, keeping viewers on the edge of their seats.. . Lycoris Recoil is an exciting and entertaining anime that is sure to keep viewers engaged. It has a compelling story, well-written and complex characters, and thrilling action scenes. The animation and soundtrack are also excellent, adding to its overall appeal. If you're looking for something ...
Looking through the gender-bender anime options I found this one and wasn't expecting too much, but I was pleasantly surprised and the short run of four episodes makes it easy for me to recommend it to people. But what makes it good? Well.... . - Story & Theme. The story is simple. A spacecop accidentally kills someone, which is a big no-no, and the only way to save him is to merge their bodies together. Hijinx can ensue, right? Sure, too a degree, but the story actually comes off as surprisingly serious and the theme is more sci-fi action mystery then gender-bender rom com. There is a romantic ...
"Blend S" is a quirky and funny anime. It has an interesting and diverse cast of characters who all blend together in entertaining and comedic ways. The plot is witty and creative, keeping viewers engaged and entertained. The animation is top-notch, and the music is playful and immersive. Overall, "Blend S" is a well-rounded and entertaining anime that deserves a solid 8-star rating.. . It has a great mixture of humor and heart, and the characters are all very unique and charismatic. It's a fun and playful anime that will keep you entertained and engaged. Plus, the animation and music are top-notch, making it an overall enjoyable ...
A Silent Voice is a powerful and emotive story about overcoming adversity, discovering one's self-worth, and the importance of kindness. It tackles important themes such as bullying, disability, and the effects of cruelty on individuals. The characters in A Silent Voice are well-developed and complex, making the story even more relatable and poignant. The animation is stunning and the soundtrack is superb, allowing the viewers to get fully immersed in the experience. Overall, A Silent Voice is a stunning anime that will leave you speechless and moved by its sheer brilliance.. . A Silent Voice is a must-watch. It tackles important issues in a beautiful and moving ...
Angel Beats! is a heartbreaking yet beautiful story of redemption and loss. The characters in Angel Beats! are incredibly human and relatable, as they deal with the difficult task of confronting their pasts and finding forgiveness and closure. The emotional storyline of Angel Beats! is sure to touch the heart of even the most hardened viewer. It also has amazing animation, music, and voice acting.. . I would definitely recommend Angel Beats! It is heart-wrenching, heartwarming, emotional, and thought-provoking. It is a beautiful story that deals with deep and complex issues in an engaging and entertaining way. Plus, the animation, music, and voice acting are all top-notch, ...
This is a relatively informal review, but I don't understand why it needs to be formal because it's someone's personal feelings about the show. So as an upheaval, i'm going to keep this review relatively informal because I love One Piece.. . There are a lot of preconceived opinions about One Piece; "It's too long, the art style is too weird, the pacing is horrendous or that One Piece is just not good". Whether or not these things are true, when asking someone if they want to watch One Piece one of these things (or other comments) will pop up in their head and they'll comment ...
I rarely give 10 stars on fantasy genre, but this really takes the cake, i really appreciate that they include some characters and after a few episode they seperate. There will be times yeah some episodes aren't the best and some scenes can be boring and just plain, but, that's what make the show beautiful on it's own, it executes the journey of the story, because adventure isn't always a fight scene.. . Animation. - The animation was so pleasing especially when they animate the clothes or when the characters are wearing their clothes, the fight scene is so beautiful they really put their effort on making the ...
Man, I did not expect Sket Dance to be this good—honestly, it's one of, if not the best Comedy animes of all time. Words cannot describe how much I laughed at this.. . Sket Dance is about a group of 3 high schools part of the Sket-Dan club that is aimed to help people with various tasks. The premise reminded me of Violet Evergarden's way of storytelling, in that it isn't solely about the main character but in-depth telling of many supporting characters. It is like that for Sket Dance as well, I know a lot about the supporting characters too.. . The 3 characters are amazing. Bossun, Onihime, ...
This is a day I'm sure we've all been waiting for: Horimiya finally got a second season. Now, there's a few things to know before getting into this show. This doesn't serve as a prequel or an epilogue to the original show, but rather wrapping up the original story; hence the name "Horimiya: The Missing Pieces". I personally thought they did an excellent job of this. I rewatched the original show before this just to give my brain a refresher, and that is something I would recommend. I know some might not like this, but I feel like the show didn't really focus on Miyamura ...
I don't tend to write reviews on this website, because taste is so subjective. But I really enjoyed this anime and it seems to have a pretty small audience that paid attention to it, so if additional praise gets one or two more people to watch this then great.. . Story:9. The general plot is that there is a hidden world of ninjas in modern Japan that were cultivated as a result of WWII. The reality though is that at some point there was schism in the ninja organization leading to factions who are in conflict with one another, how this conflict unfolds is the main drive ...
Okay, as one of the biggest shonen anime I was not unimpressed, I love the world and especially the characters (Shanks Supremacy), really love a lot of things about it and dislike a few things it’s not okay anime or a masterpiece, it’s an anime I can see why people would like and an anime I think that does a good job with characters and world building , but god is it slow paced, it’s so long and slow I honestly prefer just to watch a other anime instead, I’ll probably watch a synopsis one day or so but I just can’t get into it. ...
Looking Up At The Half-Moon is a story about love between two teenagers Yuichi and Rika both patients of the hospital because health issues. Yuichi has liver disease and Rika suffers from a heart condition that had already killed her father. Rika never knew about the concept of school life and Yuichi is lagging behind in his studies and needs to make up.. . Yuichi visits his high school clandestinely and even goes out of its way to purchase a school outfit for Rika. They teach one another, and they begin to fall in love with each other. However, the tension increases as Rika is convinced that ...
Que filme bizarro,passou-me certos sentimentos enquanto e após assistir ao filme,visualmente é bem bonito,em termos de designs,cenários,a utilização das cores e entre outros.Gostei da produção e da estética,trabalha muito bem os momentos e a atmosfera da história,com momentos bem feitos e bem representados,como por exemplo nas reações e expressões faciais dos personagens.Poderia até ter sido mais longo,esse meu desejo demonstra o meu interesse pela obra,porém fiquei pouco satisfeito com o final,houve uma sequencia dramática e cativante mais pro final que podia ter sido um pouco mais utilizada e aproveitada.. . What a bizarre film, it gave me certain feelings while and after watching the film, visually it ...
I am not one to give a high score to most anime. This one gets a 10. It gratifies me that the score average at the time of my writing this is at a 9.14.. . There are other reviews that perfectly capture how wonderful this show is. They explain this show's brilliance far better than I ever could. So let me just point out one thing: This is the first time I've seen a series perfectly portray a hero. The titular character, 'Himmel', embodies an adult's understanding of perfect - virtue, dedication, bravery, wisdom, patience, and an EQ of 10. ...
This donghua is a masterpiece compared to the anime made today.. . I have to say that I´m deeply disappointed with the course that Japanese animation is following, where only children and loud girls come out, the style is horrible, with just a lot of colors and fantasy, with childish and unsophisticated stories. A lot of anime is for children, I know, but not even Naruto was that childish. Anime is no longer made for an older age range. It's very sad.. . Having said that, I hope that Chinese animation develops and finally offers us something more interesting. This anime is perfectly executed, good music, a ...
General review: 9/10. I have read all the negative reviews and watched so many YouTube videos about why the story is disappointing and the animation is terrible. In my opinion this movie was great! I laughed so much. I loved the direction Ghibli took with this movie's animation it looks incredibly detailed very heartwarming, clean and pure. I can feel the texture of everything and also the smell. I will never understand the harsh criticism. Please consider the hard work which is going into these type of things. I think this was amazing. I enjoyed so much.. . Art: 10/10. Call me mad for this but one of the ...
First, let me start with something that may be the reason why you won't like the anime.. . "Fan service" and generally perverted scenes involving children are really unnecessary in this anime, I don't want to see a scene in every episode where a 12-year-old girl is naked or hear another mention of a little boy's penis, I don't know what it's for, but this anime would be for I find it much more enjoyable without these types of scenes.. . The atmosphere of mystery and adventure plus the dissonance between cute characters and a really brutal world is very good. . The charming appearance of the ...
I generally dont write reviews but seeing the lack of helpful reviews and low scores, i just had to intervene. This anime is just an electrifying blend of dark comedy, yakuza drama, and Quentin Tarantino-esque influences that sets it apart in the anime realm. The witty humor intertwined with the intriguing world of maids portrayed as yakuza creates a captivating viewing experience.. . It truly feels like watching a Yakuza movie but with Maids in them and the absurdity of the situation makes it more enjoyable.. . The show's bold storytelling and stylish execution make it a must-watch for fans seeking something refreshingly different in the anime universe.
Season 2 of "The Devil is a Part-Timer", is a series that really needed to have been made a long time ago.. . Because of the cultural impact that the first season had back ten years ago, it has been put on a pedestal of being a "Classic". If anything the first season, while good, failed to really deliver any sense of continuity in a meaningful way. Yes, it was fun and quirky, and was a herald of the reverse isekai as a genre; but beyond that what did it actually deliver? Nothing of any real substance that couldn't be delivered in one season, while leaving ...
One moment. Lemme get this straight. I am a Hyouka FANATIC. I've watched the anime seven times over now, read the light novel twice, and I'm currently reading the manga for the third time. My point is, my rating may be a lil skewed, but I still think this show deserves more attention. First off, I'm a bit of a mystery fanatic too, so that aspect of the show was fun too. Sure, the mysteries may be relatively easy to solve, but it's always fun whenever I watch the show through again and pick up on more little details that have to do with the ...
Let's skip the synopsis. The Godzilla franchise has been one of the most popular and successful Tokusatsu franchise in the world, starting from the 1954 film, which has proven to be a hit by the Japanese audience. While it has experienced falls, it is still growing strong today, with Hollywood stepping their feet into the franchise with the success of Godzilla 2014, and the masssive box office hit of the very recent Godzilla Minus One. Few years past, Netflix have also tried to enter their feet into this massive franchise... But it seems it is proven to be difficult.. . STORY. Story is pretty straightforward, it is ...
Magipoka was one of the very first anime I watched, and having recently rewatched it 15 years later, I think I actually like it even more than I did back then! Or at least I found new things to appreciate.. . Good: It really has a unique vibe, and the surrealist elements make it stand out. The characters are super charming of course, and I also love how this show isn't afraid to have attractive male side-characters that the girls actively fawn over. Despite ostensibly being an ecchi comedy, they are depicted with genuine agency and they're allowed to be silly or stupid or unattractive sometimes!. . Bad: There's ...
peak fiction. . A lone, wandering Bolívarian Perro who spent much of her lifetime traveling across Terra in search for the origins of her first weapon, a Minoan axe with her name carved on it, Ceobe, affectionately referred to as "Kay," contracted Oripathy during her journey which made her obsessed in collecting every single weapon she could find and adopt the "shoot first, ask questions later" approach through her latent Originium Arts she often infuses to her arsenal of weapons. While in Leithanien, Ceobe encountered Rhodes Island operators who mistaken her as a bandit. She was later taken into R.I.'s custody before being enlisted as their member ...
I have no interest in badminton nor in sales, and I still watched this and enjoyed it.. . This show was an interesting watch because it has both the spokkon characteristics, surrounding the badminton team and competitions, but also the more slice of life, adults at work kind of stuff.. . There is nothing very surprising here, but it’s an easy watch with some uncommon touches here and there. Both the company stuff and the sport and personal trauma of the characters are enjoyable.. . The “action” is good enough, with very decent animation and art. The characters have distinct personalities. A nice watch overall.
This season lifted up muy enjoyment of the show quite a lot after a quite bland second season. The problems of the show are still there, the main character is still the worst character ever, for no reason everyone else takes him seriously for no apparent reason, and the main villain is smarter than everyone else. But the new characters and some of the events happening here are quite interesting.. . Lets say that this season is more similar to the first one than to the seconds one. Still a lot of nonsense, but it’s entertaining and the characters are somehow interesting to watch.. . The ending ...
12 Kingdoms is an antidote for the current wave of generic and uninspired isekai anime. The kind of series that shows that the narrative potential of this genre greatly exceeds what we're getting from anime with paragraph-long light novel titles about an "S-Rank cheat skill" or whatever.. . It's not a perfect series of course, there are some fairly significant issues with pace, and an unfortunate early cancellation that leaves several storylines unresolved. However, if you can power through some of those difficulties, you'll find a richly rewarding story; a unique and fully-realized low-magic fantasy world to explore; and deep, satisfying character arcs. The series also looks ...
I try and be as spoiler free in my reviews as possible;. . I have now finished watching this as Season 2 is looming on the horizon; quite honestly, I don't get some of the extremely negative reviews this has.. No, it doesn't try to reinvent the wheel and, well, going simply on the title, it also isn't some run-of-the-mill edgy teenage protag power fantasy - despite the very overdone "demon lord threatens world" plot-thread that does exist here.. . The thing is though, is that this is more a slice-of-life, self-discovery and romance story, with bits of action here and there and the whole "demon lord" thread is what ...
A story about maneuvering through the complicated world of the entertainment industry, revenge, friendship and passion.. . The plot is unique and refreshing, albeit being based around the familiar reincarnation trope, adding a unique twist to the trope through its plot. Even though the story has a really strong start, I personally think that the events that pushed the story were too convenient and maybe even a bit predictable. I still enjoyed the story, but I think that the meat of the anime is rooted in addressing modern issues and topics of the Japanese entertainment industry collectively, as well as the Japanese idol industry in particular. It ...
I've been an avid watcher of iyashikei genre for years, and i fully understand how polarizing this genre is. The iyashikei aspect is what create this huge animosity toward the show. It's boring, slow, and doesn't have that much of depth and complexity as people hyped it to be.. . In that regard, you are completely right. I've never seen anime fans who watched Mushishi or Natsume and call those anime deep and thought provoking. Those same rules apply to Frieren as well. Iyashikei were not meant to be complex and require critical thinking. They are essentially a subset of slice-of-life anime that mainly focus on worldbuilding ...
(from NovelUpdate). Chu Yang, the Ninth Master of the Nine Tribulations Sword, sacrificed almost everything he had for the sake of improving his martial arts, including the love of his life. After spending three years locating the fifth fragment of the Nine Tribulations Sword, he was ambushed by all sides at that very place. Mortally injured with no means of escape, Chu Yang executed a sacrificial technique by plunging the Nine Tribulations Sword into his very own heart. “With the blood of my heart, ten thousand tribulations will collapse!”. . After witnessing the death of all his ambushers, Chu Yang’s vision began to darken. At a distance, moments ...
Surprisingly, I know some people who DO NOT like jjk?! So I guess the anime is not for everyone but I still think the people who didn’t like this are lying haha. Anyway, if you’re reading this review you’re probably not trying to figure out whether you should watch this, since this is a review for the 2nd season so you had to have watched season 1 and loved it! Yes yes this has many deaths but I loved them all! All great anime ought to have some significant deaths or else it’s no fun.. . That’s pretty much all I wanted to say, if you’re ...
Just finished re-watching this anime season 1 and season 2 for 2 days and yes this anime motivates me and makes me dream of becoming an animator or animation designer making anime or making games. but it looks very difficult, it requires hard work and never giving up like our MC Aoba did. This is the positive impact of slice of life genre anime which focuses on hobbies or professions, which usually anime with this genre would feel boring but by adding the spice of comedy and competition it feels fun, and there are several ecchi scenes which are not excessive, making the ...
I'm a simple man. I see kitty, I click on kitty, I fawn over kitty. Cute kitty. Cute kitty doing kitty things. It cute. Even if it scratches and bites, it cute. Want to pet and scritch its floof. It cuuuuuuuuuuuuute :3. . I absolutely adore this anime. The unique animation, the realistic yet super cute-looking cat, the typical things cats do. I love it. My only gripe is that the sketches are just a little too short and the theme song is just a little too long, especially since each episode is two and a half minutes long. But still, even though my gripe over the ...
This is probably the best looking anime from back in the day. The animation is smooth, geurgus. The effects are quit amazing too. The characters are wuit likable, and as stated before, really beautifully animated. Sadly there's agin no sound, which is a bit of step back from the Usagi to Kame, whivh at least had singing in it. The story is shor, but quit easy to follow, might be based or Fairytail, but I might be wrong. It really is a hidden gem. So if you have the oportunity to find it online I do recomend to watch it. And there also is a ...
Watched it at double speed and enjoyed it👍. Cool dad.. . If you watch a lot of isekai/fantasy anime and enjoy them, this is a good slot holder for when you are waiting for your favorite title to get a second season. The main plot with demon king and daughter doesn't concern me. But dad HAS to reunite with his old friends >:(. All the young people in this anime are kinda annoying but that help the older characters be that much more interesting and enjoyable. I just with to see more of the dad.. . And still waiting for that second fight with an S-rank dude.
i'm one of those kino no tabi original OG'S. meaning i was litterly obsessed with the original series and watched it many times, and i always thought to myself, why its only 12 episodes? because i felt with this kind of quality writing i wish there was more of it (still wasent aware of the manga back then). anyway, its 2017 and what do i hear? a new kino no tabi series. so i was really passionate about it.. . and then i watched it week by week. first off. the animation is absolutly amazing in this version. but besides that. yes. the original kino no tabi ...
The first season of Mob Psycho 100 is a true gem in the world of anime, setting a standard of excellence that few series manage to achieve. The captivating narrative, skillfully guided by ONE, offers an engaging exploration of Shigeo Kageyama's journey of self-discovery, also known as Mob.. . The brilliance of the soundtrack, especially the impactful contribution of Mob Choir, elevates each scene to a deeper emotional level. The unique fusion of sonic elements with the narrative intensifies the viewer's experience, creating unforgettable moments that resonate far beyond the screen.. . The animation is a spectacle in itself. Studio Bones showcased mastery in translating ONE's distinctive artistic style ...
so much happens only 3 episodes and you feel like you watched a whole season it is so peak. i experience so much pleasure in the three episodes i watched that if i watched another i think i would explode. i must watch to anyone out there in the world. with a plot twist so great you will be in awe that yes they really did that. the character are there and that's all you need to know about them just look at the photo and chose which one looks the cutest and that's your girl to defend with your life.
Dance Dance Danseur is an anime that challenges toxic masculinity getting in the way of pursuing dreams. Junpei is a kid that watched his sister's ballet recital, and fell in love with it when a particularly talented dancer came out. Sparks went off for Junpei, and he fell in love. Unfortunately, ballet isn't considered very masculine, so Junpei feels pressured into taking Jeet Kune Do (martial arts) as a way to show off his masculinity. Eventually, he decides that the most masculine thing that a man can do is not give a flying F about what other think, and to follow ...
I got the urge to rewatch this now classic title and put in the discs today while the boys destroyed the living room. Ah, parenting. Anyway, Macross!. . Since the licensing nightmare behind Robotech has basically been figured out, I (im)patiently await a huge box set of EVERY Macross title we've never seen in the states. But until then, Plus will remain my favorite in the franchise. I credit this to the creative trio of Shouji Kawamori, Shinichiro Watanabe and Yoko Kanno.. . Not a massively butchered cut and paste like Robotech, nor seldom recalled sequel film like Macross II (we ...
This anime is great mostly due to the fact that it goes about a different way of developing the main characters relationship and that is why I love it so much. I don't get why people hate on Runa's character- that's the whole point of her development and also the revelation of several parts of her background. Nonetheless though, I still love this anime. I will admit, the episodes closer to the end get a bit slower and I am not the biggest fan of them but it does a good job of wrapping up in the end.. Love it, would recommend.
To start off, Zom 100's first episode has to be one of the best starts to an anime ive seen yet, caught me by surprise. If it was a one-off i would've giving it a 10, watching it will make you at least give this series a chance.. Continuing, Zom 100 goes from crazy to serious a lot of times. It's all over the place, especially at the start, but most of the time they do it nicely. The suspense complemented with the smooth animation makes you feel like you’re in a movie, i haven't even mentioned the best part of this series yet, which would ...
Kakuriyo is pure comfort food to me, a warm and cozy anime about preparing food to form bonds and soothe the pains of life. The first half feels like something I could watch while laid up sick on the couch, while the second half ups the stakes just a little while still being very relaxing to watch. The basic plot is the main character Aoi, a human girl transported to a world of ayakashi, makes food for ayakashi and usually produces some other good as a result. I would say it fits the slice-of-life genre above any other. It has hints of romance, but this ...
The problem here was the hiatus, otherwise than that, this show is a masterpiece. The famous theme of "taking adavantage of being alive" is super relatable. The show has a pretty unique take on that topic and about a lot more. The other best one is the explotation of companies and how they literally make you forget you have a life other than working.. I repit, if it wasn't for the hiatus, this would have been a 10/10. For those who are going to watch it from the start at this point, I highly recommend to anyone who likesa good comedy-drama-postapocalyptic anime.. pd: the main characters ...
Note: This is a review for part 1 and part 2 of season 2.. . tl;dr: A more intense sequel that stays true to the spirit of the original but that very much feels like the series is really hitting it’s stride.. . The second season of Tensura is a continuation of the first, though the bridge between the first and second season is kind of messy. The last episode of the first season was a completely disconnected flashback centered around establishing a character that becomes more important in season 2. The episode before that ends with Rimuru on his way back to Tempest, but here’s a good amount ...
I thought Stardust Crusaders was my favorite Jojo arc, but it wasn’t until I watched Golden Wind that I was completely swayed! I can’t decide what I liked about it the most: the storyline? The characters and their motivations? The clever new stands and creative ways they’re used? I couldn’t get enough of it! I felt such a deep connection to these characters and how much they meant to each other. Their convictions were so strong and their desire to see things all the way through was so endearing to me. When the group succeeded I was happy for them, when they failed or suffered ...
Hmm, I think it was decent. I think it was a nice decent filler show that you watch between bigger shows. Or just a little bite sized nibble to wean you back into anime if you’ve been gone for a while. I enjoyed it, but I couldn’t help but feel as though I’d enjoy it more if I watched the 1990s version before it. You don’t HAVE to watch its predecessor, but the original had 42 episodes whereas this series only has 12. I can’t help but feel as though there’s a lot of useful backstory, specifically with the previous ...
Elemental Gelade was a fun journey to watch, this show has many unique concepts and story elements which will keep you engaged for most of the show.. . Elemental Gelade is about a guy named Coud, a pirate of the sky in a world called Guardia who discovers a mysterious girl within a compartment of his ship. This isn't just a normal girl as she is what is called an "Edel Raid." These Edel Raids possess a jewel and the ability to allow the user a unique power that is mainly used to aid in battle and combat. The show really takes you on a journey throughout ...
Honestly this went completely different than what I was expecting. I think from episode 12 when Helck is talking about his past this became a much better anime and the next 6 episodes literally flew by. Idk what some people’s deal is, did they really want to see more of episode 1 and 2? Of Helck competing to be a demon lord? This plot adds sooo many more elements to the anime. It’s actually makes this a much deeper anime. It makes you feel the rage inside of Helck and it makes you understand why Anne was warned about what’s deep inside of Helck. At ...
This anime persuaded me to read all the manga. The characters are cool and I love the friendship the characters have. There is so many plot twist and there is so much mystery of whats going to happen, and pursades you to wath next. Its still very organized and simple and you don't get lost what is going on. You can not predict what is going to happen. The characters are very unique and has balancfed screen time for each character too. I highly recommend this anime because the main character knows what is going to happen (because he can time travel) but doesn't know why it ...
Good Anime don't know why everyone is complaining.. Yeah it could be better but what can you do about it. A majority of animes could do better but yet you don't really care because thats what makes the anime special but unique in its own way no matter how many flaws it has.. . Art 10/10 (The art is unique, fresh, clean, new, detailed). . Story 7.5/10 (The story could do better but who cares just be grateful). . Acting 9/10. . Don't blame the hard working people who spent their blood, sweat, and tears into this project trying to keep you happy as well as sacrificing there precious time for ...
The show Mobile Suit Gundam: The 08th MS Team (here after to be referred to as "The 8th MS Team") has received critical and fan praise and is oftentimes referred to as one of the better if not the best of the Gundam series. At the time of writing this series has a average score on MAL of 8.01 and is bested only by Gundam 00 and Iron-Blooded-Orphans among the Gundam series. But does the 8th MS Team deserve such praise?. . Taking place during the universal century timeline, like most other Gundam shows this deals with the conflict between the Earth Federation and their Mobile Suits ...
This is just a great story, to the point it is really mind-boggling why is it so unpopular. Among all of the of muck called. ,,Good Fantasy Anime with good protagonist 👌", this show is one of the very few that shines brightly and makes one still believe, that watching an adventure / fantasy anime, can still be an enjoyable experience.. . . The show follows a story of Lute Ryner, a guy that's cursed with Alpha Stigma, a power that takes over sanity of the user and obliterates everything around it's owner. MC despite wanting to be 'just a normal guy' is constantly exposed to use said powers, ...
It's really good much better than season 1 had everything cranked up a level from story, action, and more but you definitely should watch this after the prequel movie, the only thing I didn't like was how bad the soundtrack was I've heard much better soundtracks on animes with a fraction of the budget it really killed some moments and makes the scenes less memorable IMO other than that its really good and one thing I hate was how easily it is they kill characters, they give us a memory sequence, and rest of the characters brush it off like ok after minute or 2 ...
Although the still widely unfamiliar language is certainly a barrier, this little chineese show does a great job with pacing.. . Despite episodes being shorter by good 5 minutes from the standard format, the storytelling feels neither rushed, omitted or overly lenghty and boring. The story is compacted well enough to feel like I saw 2 episodes worth of story in 15 minutes.. . This season focuses on assembling the main cast, and sketching the overall panorama of the world presented, not heavily touching upon the main plot just yet.. . As for flaws, the use of 3dcg shows a bit too obviously, and the characters, while quirky and free ...
It's a funny anime. I didn't exactly like it in the beginning because I thought it was boring, but watching more episodes.. it's good. I hope for a season 2. I liked it. What can I say?. . The story is a complex one I think. It is funny, sure, but complex because sometimes things don't go as well as the protagonist thinks it should go. And I think, in this world, homosexuality is illegal? And she says she loved her. It's complex.. . The art and animation is average I think. I mean, sure, it could be better, but it gets the job done I guess.. . The character development ...
It is such a cute and wholesome anime! Like my gosh. I loved it. I've started reading the manga now whenever I'm free. I really loved it. I was excited when it came up on my Crunchyroll list every week!!!. . The story was fantastic. Just great. It has great pace. It was just great.. . The character development of the anime... Is amazing. I can't explain because of spoilers, but it's just great! Amazing! Wow.. . The art and animation is stunning. I'm not going to lie. It is. Really good. It was so good.. . I recommend this anime so much! I hope we get season 2!
"Death Note" is a hallmark anime known for its gripping narrative, psychological depth, and moral dilemmas. The series tells the story of Light Yagami, a high school student who discovers a supernatural notebook that grants the power to kill anyone whose name is written in it.. . What sets The Notebook of Death apart is the complex cat-and-mouse game between Light, who becomes increasingly intoxicated with power, and the enigmatic detective known only as "L." Their intellectual battles and strategic maneuvers create a thrilling atmosphere that keeps viewers in suspense.. . The anime delves deeply into moral ambiguity, exploring themes of justice, morality, and the consequences of absolute power. ...
Season 2 has just started so here's a take for whether you'll enjoy season 1:. Slice of life with a subdued romance plot in favor of focusing on how to approach social interaction.. There are no misunderstandings or pervert scenes, the story is played entirely straight and down to earth. One of the genres is attributed as 'drama' but there's not a lot of it and it's certainly not a focus. It's a bit closer to a comedy. If you like shows where there's positive progression without forced drama and out-of-nowhere spanners being thrown into the machinery, then this is for you.. . Our loner protagonist Tomozaki Fumiya doesn't ...
I'm not into anime that comprises of mostly dialogue lines and less action, but damn, this anime really got me hooked up like crazy, maybe it's the background music or the animation itself or how the author writes the story, still, it got me going on and on. I cannot stop watching it. I love how the storyline revolves around Frieren's journey with her companions and reminisce it while having a journey of a lifetime with Fren, this anime really deserves the number 1 spot on MAL. It was unique (for me, though). I enjoyed it a lot, waiting for the remaining episodes to air. ...
This final season is a continuation of the second season, which means you'll have to watch the previous season in order to understand the context of this one. I am a little disappointed that they decided to use the opening and ending from the second season up until the last few episodes. It's also got similar wacky stuff that honestly make more sense than in the first two seasons. Or maybe it's because I've become used to it at this point. I'm not exactly sure anymore.. . There really isn't much to say. I feel like I don't like this season as much as the previous season ...
A beautiful story of a woman who lost her happiness and purpose to live to a tragic childhood and home environment, slowly regaining the life in her eyes as the story progresses. It's set in the 19th-century Meiji Restoration era of Japan.. . My initial anticipation of the series was that it was going to be another wholesome, light-hearted watch as you would find in many other romance anime. This belief was dismayed in the tragic introduction of female protagonist Miyo Saimori, and the pale sadness that continued all throughout the episodes. The balance between the heart-rending dynamics of the emotional repercussions of Miyo's upbringing and wholesome ...
Twi-Yaba is a series of little shorts presented as one episode. Each short is cute in its own way and sometimes a little demented, but that's how the series is in general. Nothing overly complicated happens and nothing really moves the plot forward either. It's just little day to day snippets that could have easily fit into episodes from the first season. I wasn't a super fan of some of the shorts but that's mostly because two of them fell into a subgenre I don't really enjoy, but they were not bad shorts if you don't mind that subgenre and weren't anything that threw me ...
This show is the embodiment of "so sweet it gave me diabetes". The brothers (oldest to youngest) are: Hayato, Mikoto, Minato, and of course Gakuto. Hayato is the one who takes care of the three other brothers. Holding down a full time job along with taking care of three children by yourself in your 20s is crazy and takes some serious willpower that I don't have. Mikoto is the more mature one who doesn't talk too much. I honestly didn't know what to make of him at first, but further in it felt like I got to know his character better. Minato is the one ...
this is really good movie... but just lack of "omae wa mou shinderu " line.... this movie can short my time from watching all episode to understand what Hokuto no ken all about.... after watching this movie you can jump to movie the remake...(raoh verse ) .... i enjoy the story.... the fight is cool... the chatacter is cool too... if you never watch hokuto no ken.. this can be a good first try... but remember.. some scene in this movie is different with manga/ anime series. . mmmmmm mmnnwjsjsjsmnmmmm mmmmmmmmmnnwjsjsjsmnmmmmm. mmmmmmmmnnwjsjsjsmnmmm mmmmmmmmmmnnwjsjsjsmnmmmmm. ...
As a person who watched a lot of anime since 2010s and play a lot of games and also want to make true games, I really like this anime. I think people like me, or people want to understand more about moe culture in the past will like this anime as well.. The two main characters are really cute couple, though the anime does not focus on romance, people enjoy romance can surely enjoy this anime as well since the anime have some minimum hints at the end.. Even it seems like only Konoha is protagonist, but actually both Konoha and Mamoru are protagonists, it's just Konoha ...
Welp, I ended up watching more knock-off Miku, and I'm surprised how much better this is than the first season. I think it helps that the story focuses more on the business side of becoming an idol. Plus, the length of the episode has nearly doubled! This definitely feels like the animation studio has gotten the hang of things when it comes to this franchise. They even fixed mistakes that were in the earlier episodes, like how in the first episode the robot vacuum suddenly talks but then they remove that in the next episode. It also helps with their experiments using a play on ...
The anime is a yuri romance anime about a salaryman named "Rae" who falls in love with the villainess character "Claire" in a female-oriented game. In the game, Claire is a cold-hearted and arrogant noblewoman, but Rae finds her to be very cute. One day, Rae suddenly reincarnates into the world of the game. She is surprised to find that the villainess character Claire is standing in front of her in the flesh.. . The theme of the anime is "love." Rae's love for Claire is the main storyline. Rae's love for Claire in the game drives her to work hard to get close to Claire. The ...
You see a lot of lower scores about this movie. That’s by proxy of people not being able to appreciate what this movie is trying to be. They talk about the adaption or how it’s connected to the first movie but in my opinion it stands in its own. It’s a story of a man who at the beginning of the film find the courage to face his fears. It’s this fear that drives the rest of the plot. The action is amazing and it’s very much proves it’s self as a fate story through its animation. I think if you focus To much on ...
Look, I'm just going to say it: I like Venus Wars more than Akira.. . Let's get two things out of the way.. . 1) Reasons to compare the two movies. One came out only a year after the other. They're both about rebellious youth living in a cyberpunk landscape who are thrust into an apocalyptic conflict that is drawn painstakingly well in that 80s anime way.. . 2) I wrote a 4000 word dissertation on Akira at university, so I am not what you would call a 'hater'. It was one of the first anime I ever saw, so it holds a special place in my ...
A melancholic yet lovely story portrayed in 1h 48mins.. . Before writing this review, I read a few reviews of other people to remember the story LoL (I watched the movie two days ago) and I saw many people mentioning how it's quite cliché, and how Haruki, doesn't have much of a personality in the movie besides being a boring and lame classmate who keeps reading books, and how both of the MC's strangely got along, and kept talking about death all the time. Yeah, many flaws to be noted but c'mon it's not a series to get the characters developed that well. I believe the ...
To the people who didn't enjoy season 1 or the movie, this season made everything so much better. Season 1 did a great job of setting up characters same with the movie. Season 2 was heart wrenching, amazing, and beautiful at the same time. The animation was great (besides some episodes, lets praise the animators with this one not MAPPA). . I haven't read manga before, but after season 2 I had to read it and get ahead. I"m excited for season 3 and to the people who didn't like season 1... please please give season 2 a chance and it'll change your POV of the ...
dear god i love that movie so much. what words will work with me when so much visual is put into something such as that? the sounds of the universe, the words written into a single scene, the flowers that bloom, the city streets, the lights that loom over the world… human life, not just that, but the life of everything. the life and breath of stories and myths and otherworldly things that no, do not have life, but were given a superficial, supernatural *life* from humans— their living being is engraved into the movie. i feel as if im the one going on the ...
+ Simple, easy-to-follow story concept: a bucket list in a zombie apocalypse!. + Like a cross between My Name is Earl and Zombieland, making a bucket list is inherently fun. It provides a thematic throughline for the whole show, and gives viewers something to look forward to in future episodes.. + Easily the most joyful expression of zombie fiction, tied with maybe Shaun of the Dead.. + Colourful, zany, explosive animation!. + I love the sharp use of literary devices! For instance, I like how Shizuka's pragmatism serves as a foil to Akira's blissful hedonism. I also like how the bucket list naturally serves as foreshadowing for future episodes.. ~ ...
This is one of my favorite anime but overall it depends what you're looking for, I see other reviews comparing it to samurai champloo saying this is boring if that's the same vibe you're expecting you're going to be disappointed because there's not much action but I think constant fighting scenes and action fighting focused anime are so boring so I really appreciate a good nostalgic story like this one. People need to realize that anime can't be judged solely on action... there are other genres too, just because the plot is about samurai doesn't mean it's going to be all about fighting.. . The character ...
Zom 100: Zombie ni Naru made ni Shitai 100 no Koto was an incredibly fun show from start to finish, the opening episode alone left such a huge impact and I'd say the quality remained high throughout. I really loved the animation and art direction in this show, it was so colourful and vibrant or dark and gloomy when it needed to be which made for really fun and immersive scenes. I loved the main cast a lot in this anime, was really cool to see them progress along with the story and I love how they all compliment each other both in craziness and ...
The style and jokes are very similar to those of One Punch Man, with the main character acting similarly to Saitama. It's overall a really funny series with amazing music and an interesting premise, and I'm looking forward to season 2. It is another anime that is heavily inspired by Harry Potter, with there being a school of magic, separate dorms, and even some characters that I believe are jokes on Harry Potter. The choice of music they used is absolutely great—not just the Op and Ed, but the music used during fights and jokes. The fights were entertaining—not too long, not too short—but definitely ...
This is one of the weirdest anime I've ever seen... and it's right up my alley. This show gives dry and unexpected comedy while simultaneously telling a story of mystery, terror, and... individuality? This is a "found family" type beat but focuses on two twin brothers. I laughed out loud and shed a few tears watching this. It doesn't earn a 10/10 because there are some... questionable.... interactions that occur between the brothers. It's only 13 episodes long and doesn't leave you on a cliffhanger (season 1 is the completed story), so it's perfect for someone who wants to watch something quick. I do not ...
If you want a nice and unusual anime that is also sweet, then Kamichu might be worth seeing. The story is about Yurie Hitotsubashi, a normal high school girl who all of a sudden becomes God. With Matsuri, her friend who works at a local shrine as a priestess, Yurie and others learn about their new powers. They meet up with gods or deities while doing this.. . What makes Kamichu different from other anime is its normal way of looking at Yurie being a god. Her new powers aren't a solution to every problem, but it becomes part-time work with its own difficulties. The show shows ...
The plot is pointless. Not pointless because it lacks coherency, but because the viewer should view this anime as the main character does: a tornado of nonsense happening in all directions without any purpose. If you try to burn your head with theories and explanations of events, you'll miss what really matters: the adventure.. . From a scifi adventure point of view, this anime is a solid 10/10. A masterpiece of reality altering stories.. . It's a 9/10 for one reason: it could be told in 5-6 episodes. Making it 12 just increases headache for no reason.. . Please, watch the world as it unfolds, without trying to fit every piece ...
This anime is ridiculous, it hits basically almost every fetish anyone has at the same time.. The only problem is that you are not RENTARO, and you have to watch this muderf****r have the perfect harem, and there is 94 more girls to go!. . The story as you guessed it very unique, the characters are amazing, basically any waifu you can think of present in this show.. Not to mention that the ROMANCE here move FAST fast af i would even say, it very close to being a H.. But whatever.. 9/10.. . . BOBOBO i need to write more stuff.... ...
The second season of "Kage no Jitsuryokusha ni Naritakute!" may have its differences from the first, but it still manages to captivate with its unique charm and narrative twists. The first season was a hit, dazzling us with its brilliant animation and thrilling action sequences. It also cleverly balanced intense drama with a touch of campy humour while also embracing classic shounen tropes without compromising its edge. Season two takes a different turn. The sophomore season seems to lean more into its campy side, giving off the vibe of a production constrained by budgetary limitations. The action scenes are notably fewer, replaced by a reliance ...
Kanon (2002) is an anime that tells a great story surrounding our main character, Aizawa, Yuuichi going back to a cold little northern town with his aunt and cousin where he used to visit frequently. The story is pretty well done as well as the music aspect of the show, though I can't really say the same thing about the character designs.... . . Story - 8. . The story in this show is a beautiful yet sad one. It tells the tale of Aizawa Yuuichi and his new life living in a wintry small town up in the north. The story mainly revolves around our main character making new ...
As an autistic girl, Umika's social struggles and pervasive sense of alienation are EXTREMELY relatable. It's really common for autistic people to feel like we're aliens waiting to be taken back home or eternal observers, who never really are a part of any social group. Like our words and feelings can't reach other people, because we tend to communicate differently. Still, we do our best to never lose hope that someday. somewhere we'll find our tribe.. . I know she's just supposed to have a stutter, but I do get strong autistic vibes from Umika. Her being relatively immature for a high schooler and having a special ...
Now, since Hetalia is about personified countries and contains a couple of stereotypes, perhaps it's not for everyone, but that doesn't automatically mean it's bad!. . 1. Characters: (almost) Every character in this is a country represented by a human, and it's what you'd expect. But they're really likeable and their individual quirks are too silly not to end up loving. Plus, some of the comedy moments are really funny and well executed. It's very easy to end up with a favorite character or two. 9/10. . 2. Art & Animation: Hidekaz Himaruya's art style can be a bit unappealing the very first time one watches this, but you ...
If you're a fan of 2000s slice of life, this is definitely a good watch. Ultra maniac sets itself apart from other shoujo anime (especially at the time) by having the protagonist, Ayu, be smarter and a bit more realistic than the average shoujo protag. It really makes you root for her and her friends. The animal companions in this are realy cute, too (especially rio! but maybe im biased towards cat boys). This series has some really funny moments too, and it never drags out the conflict. The best thing is that the characters ACTUALLY communicate and solve their problems!. . 1. Characters: As said, Ayu ...
Cute little show, does not do anything new with the story but it oozes cuteness. . The relationships depicted in the show are quite exagerated, more so than most shows of its type, but the writers certainly had a way to go about it to make it all feel fun.. . Not much else to say honestly, animation is pretty alright, characters are fun.. . One gripe I do have with it is that the side characters hardly get explored, while the two main characters are a tiny bit too bland to really make you trully care about them, if the main couple was a bit less cliché or the side ...
Well this was an interesting experience for me. Mainly because for 90% of this arc I felt like I was struggling to give this anything less than a high 7. This ended up becoming a 9 following completion and I'll explain below.. . I'll still with animation which I think is Demon Slayer's weakest so far. Its still an 8/10 but only just. Everything is all a little bit uninspired. Yes we get to see the Infinity Castle at the beginning, which is always a treat, something that blew my tiny mind when I first saw it at the end of season 1 and here it ...
Its been quite some time since I last watched any Demon Slayer. I believe it was Oct 2020 with the Mugen Train film in fact so it's been quite some time. The time away from this series had made me realise how much I missed it, mainly because it's nice to be back with Inosuke.... anyway here's my review of Entertainment District.. . Starting with the story and I was a little surprised at the approach from an episode total perspective. The first season was built on multiple mini arcs and demon encounters: Becoming a demon slayer, Ball Demon, Drum Demon etc. Here, we have an ...
The anime is good. 7/10.. . Many might have dropped it due to the silly premise or even the animation. I agree, at first, it's just another isekai like any other in the season, a silly premise, and below-average animation. However, there's something different about this one. The storyline, at first glance, is simple – just a pig helping his new friend on a journey with some mysteries. But as it progresses, the weight of this work grows, becoming noticeably heavier and slightly more complex. Each episode after the halfway mark becomes intriguing in a good way, more mysteries, more world-building, and discoveries. Here I am, about ...
This one is interesting, punching well above its weight class given how short it is. It's not exactly breaking new ground, but what it does is impressive, showcasing some excellent visuals that evoke storybooks and providing a mental space for its characters to work through issues relating to acceptance, whether that includes acceptance of life events, of others and their choices, or of yourself in the face of rejection. And they're handled with appropriate depth and breadth as Yoru walks with varying ages of girls and women as they go through what are often difficult stages in their lives. Yoru is just kind of there ...
Go For IT!!!! It's highly highly worth watching now that it is finished. It had gotten 7.96/10 as of this review right now but trust me its much higher than that I would give it a solid 9.4/10 overall (Absolutely solid in every department from voice actors to the OP/ED to the animation itself). It's just that it got delayed so much that its rating was effected a lil bit. Now that it has ended its absolutely amazing! I will be waiting or season 2!!!!!!. . You will definitely enjoy this!~. . Especially want to talk about it's art.. . Unique and refreshing: Zom 100 stands out from other zombie ...
This forms a split cour with its followup movie, so I'll 'forgive' it the aprupt end one got watching this at release.. First off, yes, its 3d, no, you should watch it anyway, you'll get used to it before they finished their first exposition dump. This series greatest strength is its world building, instead of its characters, in fact, I'd like to call the world itself the main character. A higher suspension of disbelief will be required of you than of a hardcover book, but it does not rise to to the all too comnon level of continuing to fight with a stomach stab wound through the ...
This finishes the story of the main anime, its a direct continuation.. The world building continues to be as interesting as before, although the heightened suspension of disbelief continues to stay necessary.. I dont think this is a problem with the writing, as anime is a medium not unfamiliar with such over dramatization of what's physically possible.. Without spoiling the plot, this movie will confirm your theories about the state of the world and it's likely purpose if you have been paying careful attention until now, there isnt some huge trigger esk plot twist coming here.. Overall, decent show, greatly held back by its unusual look, although I must ...
The second season adapts the divisive Farmland arc, which mutates the plot from a manly war drama to mostly an introspective slice of life drama in a farm. The change is huge and it’s understandable why many don’t like it, myself included, I found it to be a very dull season for the most part, at most I liked 2 out of 24 episodes, and I don’t really intend to watch anymore from this franchise, since the next arc is infamous as the worst, even among the fans of the manga.. . In fact, this season is the reason why I dropped the manga in the ...
Back in 2019 I remember starting two big titles within the medium at the same time. I began watching Legend of the Galactic Heroes and reading Vinland Saga and switch between them two whenever I didn’t find one of them fun, so after some point in the “second season” of LOGH I would focus entirely on the prologue of the manga because of how fun it was, before I dropped it for three years after I reached that divisive Farmland arc.. . Anyways, since I clearly liked that first arc of the manga I had to watch the anime, which begins with an extended beginning of the ...
This isn’t the kind of anime that will blow you away. Not immediately at least. And definitely not in the way you’re used to. In fact there may be quite a few times where you ask yourself “why is this even an anime?”. The show seems to preface that the good part is already over. We’re watching what happens after the climax of a heroes journey.. . Why should such a story exist? When you ask yourself what it could be about in the first episodes, it’s either a story of self discovery or another half baked enemy that need be taken down.. . What made my ...
Watched it in one day, really enjoyed it. This anime has a fitting short story format, besides the 2-3 larger arcs being fully connected. The anime has a very fun group of 4 along with several comrades and acquaintances chiming in occasionally. Saito is a simple isekai character who does his best to be useful, and as a handyman with his tools from Earth, he is really damn good at being handy in a fantasy sword/armor/magic setting. Saito is a really satisfying protagonist in all cases despite having no combat talent, as his brains and assistance to the team are more than essential. In the ...
Death Note is considered one of the best anime series for several reasons.. ✳️Which is the best anime for beginners?. → Death Note. The high quality of the anime consists of strong visuals, unique character designs and the high animation quality.. . ✳️What is the main point of Death Note?. ▶ The story follows Light Yagami, a genius high school student who discovers a mysterious notebook: the "Death Note", which belonged to the shinigami Ryuk, and grants the user the supernatural ability to kill anyone whose name is written in its pages. . ✳️The "Death Note" is so tremendous !!! It's so suspenseful that it will keep you thinking what ...
It has an interesting story and a good plot line. The action is exciting, the comedy is great, the characters are likable (except Sakura perhaps), the plot develops quite well and everything is very well performed. But then again, there's also something a lot of anime succumb to. The wonderful world of fillers.. ✳️Is Naruto good for beginners?. While long anime series like One Piece, Naruto or Attack on Titan, are fantastic and have a huge following, they may not be the best starting point for someone who's new to the anime world.. . ✅In Which Order Should I Watch Naruto?. Naruto Episodes 1–105. Naruto the Movie: Ninja Clash in the ...
One Piece is a long-running anime series that follows the adventures of Monkey D. Luffy and his crew of pirates as they search for the ultimate treasure, One Piece. The show is known for its unique art style, which some viewers may find off-putting, but it’s also one of the things that makes it stand out from other anime series. The story is well-written and engaging, with plenty of action, humor, and heart. The characters are all well-developed and likable, and the voice acting is top-notch.. . One of the things that sets One Piece apart from other anime series is its world-building. The show takes place ...
As a lifelong Detective Conan fan, this TOPS Conan!. . Apothecary Diaries marries the intrigue that we get from detective-type shows and combines it with the imperial court drama that is so rarely seen in anime, and does so beautifully! The plot points are well foreshadowed and well explained, which gives us viewers great pleasure as we deduce alongside Mao Mao (the main character).. . The artstyle is also delightful: colorful, vibrant, and "alive". It perfectly conveys the bustling atmosphere of the ancient city, and all the characters are beautifully drawn, with fine details down to motifs on the hairpins being relevant!. . I highly recommend everyone gives it ...
This is a pretty cool take on the classic Orpheus story. It combines it well with the teenage run away/spirited away stories. I appreciate that Studio CLAP's works are short and well told. Without spoilers, I think the art direction, music, and scene selection are done very well. The story telling motifs aren't ground breaking, but a very good implementation on how a story should be told. I think it does a great job at tackling the problems that matter, and leaves the unimportant points open to interpretation. Personally, Touno and Hanashiro feel super relatable. They both really boil down how I felt as a ...
I always thought the sports anime genre lacked a good football show and i'm glad i found Ao Ashi. Sure we have Blue Lock but i think this show really shows what football is and what is really all about.. Ao Ashi has it all when we talk about sports anime. Good plot, funny moments, good drama moments, excellent characters and perfect football knowledge. This is a show you actually hear about the tactics used, why something work and something doesn't, how moral affects the athletes performances. Even in trainings, they will do something and explain to the viewer why they are doing it, what's ...
tl;dr: A gag spin off that’s comfy and decently funny.. . Tensura Nikki, AKA The Slime Diaries, is a spin off of TenSura that takes place roughly in between stopping the orc invasion and the the attack by Charybdis. This would put it chronologically in the middle of the first season of TenSura, though it was released in between the first and second parts of the second season. It’s a gag spin off with essentially no connection to the plot though, even going so far as to change up the plot of the events that it shares with the main series in order to make them more ...
if you like cute girl anime and rock band anime you'll like this one.. its very calm slice of life and the progress is slow but not snails pace.. you actually here songs being played pretty early on and not just the very last episode of the season.. and the songs they do play are good ones.. . its a very warm anime, tensions never get to high and the lows are never dramatically low. the tension in each episode more so comes form the main character trying to get over her anxiety and most of the comedy is that too.. . you wont be on the edge of your seat with ...
So... Helck turned out to be a pleasant surprise for me. Fantasy is kinda dead nowadays since pretty much 95% of the fantasy genre are isekais. That said, Helck was actually a pretty good experience for a fantasy lover like me. They slowly worked the story up, making it serious and more serious along the way and i really enjoyed that. They managed to world build a little bit, which i always appreciate, have solid character development and fun moments all along the way.. Helck is sold as a comedy but it actually is a tragedy. Was not expecting the series to get such a ...
this is like if evangelion's budget was spent on illegal substances instead of actual stuff, it has it's funny moments but despite being a comedy it's mostly from how absurd it is or the kinda low quality of the models. . if they made this but in the style of the art used to promote it and had a larger budget (if that's the reason behind how it looks), the show would be much better. . still recommending since from my knowledge of evangelion (which is almost entirely from memes), this is both the most wholesome and child friendly piece of evangelion media, so if you either don't want ...
Why do people hate this? It was fun and very entertaining to watch!. The jokes were corny, but I think that makes it funnier. I do wish we got to see a few more characters in this OVA, but I can still consider it a masterpiece. It was funny and I would like to see more like this. It was fun to see the voice actors dubbing their hearts out. I watched in english dub, but I skimmed the episode subbed as well.. Anyway, the squad captains, Asta, and Yuno are on a type of game show and they have to answer some goofy questions ...
Yu Yu Hakusho is a classic Shonen anime that established high standards for its category. This anime has a really good story, and each part is more fun than the one before. The heroes in the series grow and change realistically, from start to finish. Every person has their own special trait that makes them good. Even if you don't like some characters at first, they might start to grow on you too.. . The action scenes are filled with excitement and will keep you watching for a long time. The final part of the series seemed a bit forced, but it still gave us more information ...
The first seven episodes are really good, and the next six episodes start to feel less cozy and wholesome, although the throughline of the series is positive.. . The creators likely wanted to add surprising elements, so even two thirds of the way through I would not have been able to predict where the series was going. This is mostly good, because the series doesn't follow a single formula, and it tends to have a lot of cozy plot elements.. . The main criticism is the ending feels like it is rewritten, which makes the story feel less cohesive. Viewers like me came for a cozy low-stakes atmosphere, and ...
Love Hina is not an extraordinary anime, but it is not bad either, it is a fair work.. . In 24 episodes we follow a slice of life that has its comedic moments, some weak episodes and even fillers, which for me is a defect.. . However, it has a charismatic main core, with the exception of the character Motoko who is unbearable, but gets better. There is also development, even if minimal, of each character, which adds to the anime's narrative.. . Meanwhile, even though it's an old work, the animation is good and has a charming design that I like. Furthermore, it is important to praise how ...
-Backstory-. Grew up watching Digimon Adventure 01/02, Tamers and recently decided to rewatch them PROPERLY in original Japanese, since I knew the Finnish and especially the English dub messed up many things. Adventure 01/02, Tamers and the 01 movies were all as good or better than i remembered and this was one of last things remaining on my rewatch. In Finland the release of the movies was based on the American "Digimon the movie" and thus was complete garbage but even then on this rewatch I expected the 02 movies to be pretty bad since unlike Bokura no Wargame, very little of this movie stuck ...
Amazing Storywriting, very interesting and well written characters. I especially liked Perkins and Botasky they have a wonderful Chemistry.. Detailed action choreography and beautiful VFX. Serene sound Design and Music. The voice Acting brings out the best of these characters, very emotional. The Ending is very cathartic, while being a bit cliche it still worked wonderfully in the context. The only problem I have with it, is that I could not find a higher fidelity version with better sound and a higher resolution of it, I hope there will be a remaster of this gem. Military Rabbits forever. 10/10 would recommend to any animal lover.
Don't call yourself an otaku if you haven't yet watched Lucky☆Star.. . This anime really gives a true insight into what anime is supposed to be with super unique characters with a variety of different personalities, adorable characters designs and humour! Alot of people who say lucky star is " boring " can't go 5 seconds without pantie shots or fanservice..but in all seriousness watching lucky star was the best decision I've ever made from the 1st time I watched lucky star I became hooked and still am to this day with a collection of various figures and merchandise from this anime and I'm ...
I bumbled into this anime while searching for a vampire anime. What I found instead was simply... fun. . Don't expect a great (or even coherent) story. I still don't understand much of the logic! Plot holes are simply filled with great music, and ambiguous characters are covered in plot armour. Some scenes are spoiled a bit by the occasional use of 3D, which I felt didn't blend well. There is much that one can criticize about this anime... and yet... it's still fun.. . Visually this anime is eye candy with sexy vampire musicians and homo-erotic subtext. The voice acting and singing is stellar, and characters look great ...
The perfect complement to its calming environment is the exquisite OST, which enhances the overall experience. Frieren's distinctive narrative, coupled with its evocative soundtrack, makes it my favorite of the season thus far.. The show's extensive focus on traveling brings to mind the serene ambiance of Mushishi. The episodes, with their bittersweet and heartwarming essence, resonate deeply with me. Frieren that has truly captured my heart this season, offering a unique journey brimming with emotions.. . (+) The unique storytelling of Frieren is a standout feature for me.. (+) The characters in Frieren are well-rounded, each possessing a balance of flaws and strengths.. (+) While I find ...
FLCL: Shoegaze is great in spite of it all. To get it out of the way, no it's not the original, and that's ok. Once you get past that and judge the show on its own merits and as a sequel not trying to do the same thing again, that's when you get to the heart. Just because you've had the best $300 steak, doesn't mean you can't enjoy a great $30 steak after.. . Shoegaze feels like it actually has something to say in comparison to the other seasons. Maybe even more than the original. Not to say it's better, but the ideas of not meeting ...
For an anime made in early 2000's Galaxy Angel is far superior than many and I mean many modern anime in 2020's and that just shows how modern anime doesn't try.. . Not much plot but plot doesn't matter to me as much.. . Development, hit or miss with character development as I focus more on a character personality than anything else but Galaxy Angel has some decent development in certain episodes for its characters.. . Characters are Hella great, each character is written as funny jokes but likable and unlike modern anime they use good characteristics and pacing to make the characters seem like actual characters and not just ...
*Animation acrobatics and a pair of tarnished stellar twins*. . ~~. . Picture this:. For accommodations on shelter in your humble travels, you decided to spend a couple nights in a motel as a brief stop to prepare for the bustling city located northeast the local area. The receptionist informs you that only Room 26 is currently available. He tells you it's free-of-charge, and after momentarily singing internal praises, you realize that of course there's a catch. You ask the man in front of you the downsides of the stay. He gives you the key and tells you to go discover for yourself.. . As a seasoned wayfarer across various lands, you've ...
This anime stands out as one of the finest I've encountered. Its narrative presents a unique storyline following Frieren and her companions after their initial adventure. The portrayal of Frieren's desire to revisit the memories shared with her fallen comrades resonates deeply with me, as it mirrors a sentiment I strongly relate to.. . The art style employed in this anime is truly remarkable, distinguishing it as a visual masterpiece. Its aesthetic brilliance sets it apart from many other anime productions.. . Additionally, the involvement of Yaosobi in creating the opening song further reinforces the quality of this anime. Their association typically signifies a high standard, indicative of the ...
The art is unusual, that's obvious. The story itself is... more or less regular, especially if one watches anime for longer than combined ages of two protagonists and, obviously, seen more than one or two titles dedicated to subjects of school, paranormal, Seven Wonders, puberty, 8th grader syndrome, and teenage angst, in any combination.. . Yet there is a certain appeal that makes me wait for the supposed second season, and even recommend the thing, especially if you are partial to school, paranormal, and specifically Seven Wonders. Pity there is no half-marks between 7 and 8 here on MAL. This is definitely more than 7/10, if not ...
I enjoyed this!. . The characters are mostly very likeable, the humor was great, a little meta and tongue in cheek. The animation was crazy and a couple of the fights and powers looked REALLY cool.. . Story wise, this is a pretty generic battle Shonen. I'm ok with that and didn't really expect anything different. I enjoy the horror elements a lot as well, and the character designs in general are pretty great (especially for the antagonists).. . My biggest problem with this first season lies with the pacing, I think. It just jumps around between different plots and groups of characters a lot, without developing them naturally. It's a ...
This series will make you blush the whole time.. Momokuri is a romcom anime about two lovebuds falling in love and they are together from the start.. One thing I like about this anime is it has no dramas,breakups,love triangle and other tropes we see in most romance anime.. It is pure wholesome stuff.the description may be a little misleading.it's not about some girl stalking over a boy shamelessly.. It's only seen in first episode and later in the series is acknowledged as a bad thing.So no yandere-bullshit tbh.. . Story-9/10 the story is wholesome and seems relatable.the story also focuses on couple's insecurities about their relationship which is such a ...
Honestly, I've rarely seen a work that made me feel such deep emotions. Its story is really captivating, the characters are perfectly well developed and very engaging, the world building, mystery and plot are masterfully constructed and the animation is of good quality, in my opinion this anime has more than enough conditions to be qualified as a masterpiece.. . You may not get hooked, but if you put a little effort into it, the story becomes gripping. To tell you the truth, I'd watched one or two episodes a long time ago but I didn't get hooked (which is very bad - you should always watch ...
Honestly, I've rarely seen a work that made me feel such deep emotions. Its story is really captivating, the characters are perfectly well developed and very engaging, the world building, mystery and plot are masterfully constructed and the animation is of good quality, in my opinion this anime has more than enough conditions to be qualified as a masterpiece.. . You may not get hooked, but if you put a little effort into it, the story becomes gripping. To tell you the truth, I'd watched one or two episodes a long time ago but I didn't get hooked (which is very bad - you should always ...
For all those hack Hollywood writers that desperately try to portray a Strong Independent Womyn Who Don't Need No Man by writing them as Adamantine Plot Armored characters with no flaws, I suggest watching this as an example of what being truly strong is.. . Kusuriya no Hitorigoto (literal translation is Pharmacist's Soliloquies, but they went with Apothecary Diaries, just as good) is the story of the daughter of a pharmacist, raised in a pleasure quarter in medieval China, also known as the brothels quarter, who gets kidnapped and sold out to the Imperial Palace.. . Through the knowledge she acquired from her father, and a lot of wit ...
Well, this anime has my heart. Cuz this is a epic anime to watch and I recommend everyone out their to watch this anime once in their lifetime. The only think is it only has one season, would love to have at-least 1 more more season or a movie. The twists in this anime is very interesting, characters of this anime anime are lovable and their designs are unique.. This has fantasy/action scenes with many twists in it and might even get confused sometime as I also got a few times when I started watching this. The way the characters react is so real ...
This show is laid-back, entertaining and fun. It delivers a steady dose of comedy throughout, enough to keep a smile a going, dotted with random hilariousness. (Especially if you pay attention to what's going on in the background too).. I found this to be very refreshing compared to the turn anime has taken in recent years.. . I love the silly or stupid comedy in this. It reminds me of old school animes like Host Club and Fruits Basket and not just because it's a reverse harem. Comedy like this is hard to find anymore. I feel as if they aren't as concerned with all the hyper ...
The premise is simple: Rentarou has 100 soulmates, who gradually get introduced with each episode... And he has to date all of them, or else they are going to die!. . Personally I am not that well-versed in the anime-universe, I can count all animes I've watched on both hands and when I see a review throwing terms around like "shonen" "tsundere" "harem" and what not, I have to actually google what those terms mean - In any case, despite that I am able to tell that this anime could be considered satire as it seems to poke fun at a lot of common stereotypes. It's comedy ...
A great season, it improved a lot and surpasses the second season by far, the action scenes are the best of this one, they feel very fluid as if it were a fighting shonen, something to highlight is the sound section, it is exquisite to listen to, both openings and endings, it mixes well with the action scenes, now with the visual, it's okay, you can see some slight animation errors, but that doesn't mean it's bad, quite the opposite, it's good, it feels alive, that is the lighting, the colors, make you feel as if you were there, very few isekais achieve that, obviously ...
First season came out in 2017 and the second season has unfortunately been canceled for a while. You'll have to read the light novels (or manga, if they exist, I don't know).. . 'A Sister's All You Need' starts out as a full blown ecchi siscon anime and about halfway through turns into a board game advertisement show with slice of life elements and occasional ecchi moments, which vary from light perverse humor to a full on yuri groping session.. Despite what the title promises, there is no little sister, only a protagonist who is obsessed with his ideal fantasies of them.. . Hashima Itsuki is a young 20-something year ...
Here is a draft review of the anime Monster (2004) rating it 9/10:. . Monster is a dark psychological thriller anime that deserves its reputation as a masterpiece. With 74 episodes, it has the space to develop its complex plot and multilayered characters.. . The story follows Dr. Kenzo Tenma, a Japanese neurosurgeon working in Germany. When he has to choose between operating on a young boy or a town mayor, he picks the boy, starting a chain of events that radically alters his life. The boy, Johan Liebert, later becomes a cunning serial killer that Tenma feels compelled to stop.. . What makes Monster stand out is how realistically ...
The first season of the best anime yet to exist. Most of us can relate to putting our emotions aside for the sake of others, and that's the main concept of the anime. Deeper than that, it's about growing up, and the impacts that people can have on each other. The worst thing about this anime is that not enough people have watched it. The art style is deceptively simple, while the animation and action scenes are unbelievably dynamic. The story is complex, but easily understood. The humour is childishly absurd, while the character moments are deeply emotionally serious. If you want to watch something ...
The movie is excellent. Definitely better than Suzume or The Boy and The Heron. Chinese animation has recently improve, but it is often underrated and poorly promoted. This year, there has been a lot of attention on Hayao's The Boy and The Heron, causing other great works to be overlooked.. . However, we are non-Chinese, we may face difficulty with the subtitles due to the presence of many beautiful poems. And may struggle to understand the map with only a few titles or dialogues. It would be better to have a scene that is long enough for the audience to visualize the map. Beside, the character ...
I think this show is one of the closest to perfect. . In my opinion the story telling was definitely the best part of the show, often times a show can have an amazing plot characters etc etc but they always fail to express or explain them without completely forgetting about one, this show however does it perfectly. You see the world building expands with each episode explaining the history while the characters grow so naturally and just feel so real. It does it so perfectly, there are no plot holes at all.. . The production quality of the show was also top notch. With sawano hiroyuki I ...
Overall:. Ah yes, a girl played a VR game and is having fun in an immersive VR game. As an isekai junkie, I am set to watch all isekai. This is one of those that explore the trope. And I would say, this exceeded my expectations a little bit. I put this in a "Pretty good" tier. It is a spin-off from the granddad of isekai afterall. . Short conclusion: 8/10. . . Driving deeper. Art: Nice to some degree, not breathtaking by any means. The effects are nice and flashy, it served its purpose. Pretty good, 8/10. . Character: Nice development, with some decent twists, and some decent backstory. not much to say, ...
Overall:. Ah yes, a guy was stabbed and rebirthed into another world. As an isekai junkie, I am set to watch all isekai. This is one of those that explore the trope. Gotta be honest, it is very cliche, but great execution. I put this in a "great" tier. There's a reason for why it is mainstream.. . Short conclusion: 9/10. . . Driving deeper. Art: really good, it is on the higher end of the anime production. the effects are gorgeous in multiple schene, and the fight scenes are awesome and satisfying 9.5/10. . Character: Really solid development, some with interesting twists, and some with pretty good backstory. not much to say, ...
Just don't listen to the comments of babies who can't see a bit of blood, it's because of these people that animes have become increasingly childish and sometimes even spoil masterpieces with childishness. In short, this anime is not a 10/10, but it has a well-developed plot, the characters have an interesting chemistry and you feel like continuing to watch and moving forward to see how the work unfolds. For those who like less cliché anime, it's a good choice and I would really like to see a second season. for me this anime easily get a 07/10 or more.
SUMMARY: Very good season, better tha first one in every aspect.. Before you watch this season i need to give you a warning, keep low your expectations. Before i saw jujutsu kaisen, a lot of persons said me that shibuya arc were one of the best arcs of all the shonen demography, sincerly, i think is a great arc, but no as good as they told me. Now im going to talk about other things like the animation that is extraordinary with some crazy moments thanks to the art style that decide to not be detailed to be more fluent. The ost (soundtrack) was undoubtedly a ...
Overall:. So, an overworked doctor ended up on the other world? Yes. As an isekai junkie, I am set to watch all isekai. This is one of those that explore the trope. I would say, it is one of the better one on the list, but the plot is relatively generic, there's no "wow" moment. Just a lot of things that are rather cliche.. Bonus point as it reminds me of COVID. and are immersive in that aspect.. . Short conclusion: 7.5/10. . . Driving deeper. Art: pretty good, it is probably on the higher end of the anime production. The effect are beautiful to some degree, however, not breathtaking. 8.5/10. . Character: Honestly, ...
"I have no idea what is going on". That is what you're going to be saying to yourself around the 10-minute mark of episode 1. Zoku has a very elaborate and complex story, which is great and all, except the writer uses ambiguous metaphors to explain things and nonchalantly breaks the fourth wall.. "If you gaze into the abyss, the abyss will gaze into you.". "If you can't be the medicine, be the poison; otherwise you're just plain water". Those are two examples of complicated quotes from the anime that you can, stop, and spend hours trying to interpret just one of the quotes. I promise you that all ...
A fun and short pilot-OVA, which people just seem to hate here on MAL. Low reviews and less than 800 members at the moment which is really undeserving. Doesn't deserve an R rating either. They only show a pair of tits for one second during the magical-girl transformation. This is a promotional episode for a SNES game called "Kendo Rage".. . Maybe the problem is people get upset that the series didn't continue, and as such it doesn't deserve a good score... but pilots are pilots. The series didn't get picked up at the time, and that was it.. . The animation and art are on ...
I was hesitant to give this 8 stars at first, thinking maybe it was a 7 star show just because very little of the season has to do with any actual romance between Elias and Chise and the title/genre suggests it would have more to do with the contents. The reason I think it's an 8 though is because 7 is an average score for me, much like a C, and I think that this show was more enjoyable than average.. . This was how I spent my new years day, and I was definitely pleasently surprised. At first, I thought it would be a lighthearted romance ...
HOLY CHOCOLATE THIS SEASON IS LOVE!!! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS SERIES AND SEASON!. . So exciting!! So much PLOTS TWISTS !! Did not expect that at all!! BUT.... !. . It was a great follower from season 2, where they explained more questions which was being asked during season 2. Alot of twist and turns in the story, which is fantastic, i love it. An ending which is WOW, BUT WAIT !! is it really the end now ??? The end season was questionable if there will be a season 4 ! I mean, if they decide to end it at season 3, it would be a decent ...
The Fate/Stay Night story is a good one. It has many turns and surprises to make the viewer become interested in what's going on. But, there is a clear gap in the series which takes away from how good it could be. Even though this does not stop a person from continuing the series, it is still sad.. . Also, the ending is a little low-key and sad. The romance is only developed in the last few episodes and never gets enough history or feeling to make such an ending right. A good finale would have been a nice end to the tale.. . The characters are nice, but ...
This is the second season, and along with the first seasons, i feel the same way. THIS IS A MUST WATCH!. . They rounded off first season with an exciting ending, questions and actions which makes us grab on to season 2 right away. The story continues, still interesting, still good and sometimes sad, still giving us questions and more good explanation of each characters background story to understand why and how things happen.. . and like last time, i repeat myself:. "I personally am not into this genre, im not into drama, not into punks and fighting and gangs and yakuza-stuff. But this story kept ...
I feel this series is being underestimated and unfairly rated by people when they say its slow, there is too much backstory, there is fillers, too many characters etc. They aren't wrong, there are some, but they are necessary to understand the total story and the value of each character in this serie.. . This is the first season: yes, you might feel there is sometimes too little information given out, and other times you feel like you're sitting at school along with Takumitchy getting everything explained how all these gangs works, and who all the characters are, but its necessary. If you didn't get this ...
As someone who enjoyed a lot the 24 episodes of the first season, I do feel a bit disapointed by the second season, I'd still recommend it, but I hesitated a lot with the mixed feelings choice.. . The thing is, it's still spy x family : the episodes are still about daily life situations that involve the 3 characters of this lovely family, and it's still funny, light hearted. It remains a good option if you are looking for an easy to watch/get into anime. While we can commend the show for keeping the same vibes, it's also part of the problem.. . I haven't read ...
I think the rigidity of this anime is both its strength and its weakness. Cells at Work is an anthropomorphic portrayal of the inner workings of your body, where every cell is a person, every bodily process is a machine, and every bacterium is a monster. Every episode is self-contained and teaches a new lesson about how our bodies work.. . What this means is that we see very little character development over the course of the series, the episodes sometimes don’t feel connected, and you’re constantly suspending your disbelief about how it all fits together.. . However, that also means the episodes are very consistent, the ...
(Warning!!: This review is mostly me just gushing about how incredible this adaptation is). Wait, the ‘main cast’ is disbanding? The demon lord is defeated? It is just the first episode, what is going on? Just what is there more to explore?!. - Probably already done more than once, but I find it extremely interesting how this series has started at where your usual fantasy series would end. Hence the name “Beyond Journey’s End”, huh.. . This anime gave me an existential crisis, but for the first time I can proudly say that it's a positive one, actually. What an emotional rollercoaster. This story teaches us, the watchers, ...
JJK Season 2 has some of the best animated fights I've seen in a long time. However, it's very obvious that this was blood animation, and this level of work should have instead taken way longer to be released to avoid overworking animators for no good reason. From a purely critical view of the animation, it was so excellent that you wouldn't know that many of these fights were not even close to being fully animated yet if no one told you. I won't get my hopes up that we'll ever see this level of animation ever again in a seasonal anime, since it's probably ...
A refreshing horror anime! Good horror anime has become increasingly rare. Quality is lacking even for adaption of quality manga (like Junji Ito's). All impressive horror anime that I can think of are from over a decade ago, such as *Another* (2012), *Higurashi: When They Cry* (2011), and *Shiki* (2010). Early 2010s was indeed a golden era for horror!. . Without horror elements, this anime should be called "Dark Pokémon." The main story follows a very standard formula: battling, defeating and capturing enemies (growing the team), and ultimately challenging the final boss. Therefore, even though it spans 24 episodes, viewers won't grow weary of it after the ...
A rather peculiar anime that left me momentarily uncertain about how to classify it, and its reception is bound to be polarized. For those seeking complex story and high quality production, the anime would be a disappointment. However, for those looking for something a bit eccentric and keep you hooked, it might be worth a shot.. . Despite starting off with tense war scenes and some intriguing element, the story took a sudden turn when we entered the life of our protagonist, Kurou, a jobless *genin* (a lower-ranked ninja) who lived a rather unpromising life. The show was filled with Japanese-style dry humor; it's easy to mistake ...
The second season of Classroom of the Elite has more going on than the first season but the pacing is worse.. . The story continues where the first season left off, after the survival test on the island. The first part of the season consists mainly of two special tests both of which, especially the second one, feel quite rushed. After that the story continues with pretty alright pacing and the fast pacing in the beginning doesn't detract too much from the story. Sometimes however it feels like we're not given enough information to understand what's going on and it's only revealed after which is a ...
Having started this immediately after beating the game, my expectations had already been set and, to be honest, they weren't very high. I thought that there was no way a measly 13 episodes was going to be able to adapt the story of Danganronpa's first game in a satisfying way. While not entirely true, my expectations were mostly met. The way they handled the investigations and free time was baffling to say the least.. . For most of the first half, all of the character interactions and evidence gathering are squished into quick 1 minute montages. Lots of characters got shafted in favor of moving the ...
Shakugan no Shana is a good anime but it has some things that bother me. The art and movement in this thing aren't great, which makes me not enjoy it as much. If you can disregard this, then it'll be fun.. . The story of the show is nice and fun to watch, but I will not tell you many details. It begins with a high school student who is different from everyone else. Sometimes, the story goes fast and at other times it's slow. This can be hard to understand for some people. There are some parts in the story not explained, but generally it still ...
A vibe do Miyazaki é viciante e a animação do studio Ghibli é demais. A produção é deslumbrante... Sem palavras para descrever o quanto a animação/trilha sonora/efeitos são extremamente bem feitos e bem colocados dentro da obra. Cada cena é um show a parte, cada detalhe é importante! Os personagens são tão carismáticos, cada um do seu jeito... Mas o que eu mais gostei nesse filme foi como ele te joga pra dentro daquele mundo e traz um ar tão relaxante que você se deixa levar pela história e pelos personagens.. A trama é bizarra e poética ao mesmo tempo, muitas metáforas e fantasia envolvida, porém ...
My favorite episode has got to be episode 3. Starting out as horror and then turning out to be a heart wrenching love story. I'm excited for future seasons. I wanna find out more but at the same time I don't wanna read the manga. LOL.. . Art style is beautiful and yet everyone looks very distinct. Also, it has mature context which are funny moments if you can understand.. . Despite it only having 12 episodes, I got to know the characters which is good. Also, there's really no right and wrong and everyone is in the gray area. This anime emphasizes on the reason why ...
For the full review of both movies, I’ve published it in Boku Ai since I watched that one first. This is just a really short review & small-talk about Kimi Ai ONLY. For full evaluation and more in-depth review visit my Boku Ai review!. . "Kimi wo Aishita Hitori no Boku e," the red movie in the parallel worlds saga, offers a compelling exploration of love that defies the constraints of fate and time. In this emotionally charged narrative, the film follows the journey of Koyomi Hidaka and Shiori Satou, childhood friends whose bond evolves into a profound connection that withstands the challenges presented by parallel worlds.. . This ...
Uma experiência breve, mas agradável para qualquer fã de yuri.. . Os personagens não são muito profundos, mas essa é toda a graça do anime. Todo o objetivo da obra é brincar com essas personalidades e dinâmicas, imaginando um personagem para cada papel e divertindo-se com as cenas que desenrolariam.. . O traço é agradável, mas não é único. Todo o ponto do anime é ser agradável e divertido, mas não necessariamente incrivelmente marcante e deslumbrante. É um bom passatempo, muito engraçadinho.. . Dei nota 10 porque foi um dos primeiros animes yuri que assisti, logo depois de ser lançado e também logo após eu descobrir que gostava de garotas, então ...
Os personagens dessa obra são MUITO bem escritos. São firmes e concretos sem serem estereotipados, tornando-os altamente orgânicos e fáceis de representar emoções e momentos variados da vida. E mesmo quando não passaram por momentos que o espectador já passou, ou quando não sentiram emoções que o espectador já sentiu, mesmo assim são realistas o suficiente para transmitirem as emoções e os pensamentos de forma genuína e fiel às suas personalidades.. . A história é única, com as peças sempre se encaixando e os personagens reagindo às ações um dos outros, mostrando que todos vivem em um mesmo universo. Alguns animes às vezes dão a impressão de ...
A Unique Journey Through Love and Parallel Worlds: Boku ga Aishita Subete no Kimi e & Kimi wo Aishita Hitori no Boku e. . Had the pleasure of experiencing two extraordinary anime movies during New Year’s Eve, "Boku ga Aishita Subete no Kimi e" (the blue movie) and its counterpart "Kimi wo Aishita Hitori no Boku e" (the red movie). People who love theories of love, romance, relationships and its complexity should watch this. Very underrated.. . I chose the blue-to-red path. What was supposed to be the depressing-emotional route filled with more confusion. - though I didn’t feel confused at all despite the fact I was ½ drunk ...
Okay, so I just finished watching "The Tatami Galaxy," and I've got to say, the art was absolutely awesome! For some, it might come off as overly artsy or a bit complex (pretending to be), but for me, it perfectly captured the whirlwind of emotions. The use of styles (cubism for being nervous with girls), the deliberate color choices (like red for drunk scenes and blue for sickness), and the textures really brought the characters' feelings to life.. . The series explores the idea that we're each responsible for our own lives. It's a powerful message about taking control and not just letting life happen to you. ...
Review of The Walking Dead season 2. . Ok so the story has progressed from season 1 into season 2. The Rick Gang is still going strong and Dale is here too. They find a quiet little farm owned by the notorious Hershelius II (he doesn't have roman numerals in his name but i like to think of him as a emperor not of the sea but his farm). This is not a one piece review though it is "Review of The Walking Dead season 2". So ok not going to get intop the plot too much no spoilers.. . Rick and Shane are a dream team no ...
Review of the The Walking Dead season 1. . Story starts off with the sheriff's deputy Rick Grimes getting shot on duty while trying catch a perpetrator. He is badly wounded and wakes up 30 days later in the hospital after being in coma. But the world as he once knew it is no more.. . Rick sets out on finding his family and ends up finding new allies along the way such as T-Dog and Dareth and Glenemie and Dale.. . They also meet Nagahara and Mizuho I think.. . Anyways, Rick "Nozomi" Grimes kills many zombies hey you can't call them that, they're geeks. Also later later they ...
Its a little slow at first you might think but the pacing is just perfect with taking time to introduce us to our character, making us feel attached to them hoping the best for them and continuing the story... as the the story progresses it gripes us into their their world, we feel the dynamic the heaviness of the situation which is just amazing.. Some i would like to say about this anime. . 1.This is a unique story in itself as it combines the mecha genre in such a way you would not expect it to.. . 2.The art style in a way is comforting in itself but during ...
Did you enjoy highschool romance? How about workplace romance? Well get ready for fucking church romance. Saint Cecilia and Pastor Lawrance or Shiro Seijo to Kuro Bokushi is a unique romance anime in a mix between a fantasy world and reality featuring a small European village’s pastor and a “lady saint” in a strange marketable Christian show adapted from a 4-koma.. . Plot 6/10. The show is extremely simple. It’s a romance show, there isn’t much story. Cecilia is missionary of God who helps the people. After a long struggle to save a community causes her to become exhausted, she ends up in a small village where ...
I am loving this so far. I feel like how it's promoted and how it looks doesn't give you the proper picture for what you are in for. I was absolutely ready to hate this but then I realized it wasn't a cheesy romance which is about beautiful characters being beautiful and saying corny shit and doing corny stuff. To be fair, I did not look into this that much so I'm basing this only on pure aesthetics and visuals and what Crunchyroll wanted it to look like. And we all know how well crunchyroll does it's job.. . The story is well written and it ...
When I first stumbled across Futoku no Guild, I was expecting something a lot more typical – and with a lot less nudity. But fortunately, this series deviates from the norms of its genre in an interesting way.. . The story is pretty straightforward – the male main character Kikuru wants to retire from his job as a guard (basically an adventurer who protects town) to go enjoy what’s left of his youth. However, he needs to find a good successor first. This is where the female cast comes in. Every episode is spent trying to train these girls into competent adventurers so that he can retire. ...
I..i can't ever truly explain how good this show is. It has a deep and compelling narrative while still being funny, emotional and a bit of everything. The animation, music, story are all so great. I can't think of any of these characters to be 'boring' or anything because it really does feels like how a party of awkward people would act and talk like. It feels real. Alltogether, it's a great anime. Defintely deserving of the No.1 Top anime spot. It's story may seem boring to many, but if you truly wait and look, you'll see how great it is.
To be very precise this is a Shonen and that too from the early 2000s. When I was deciding to watch one from the big 3 I chose this why?. . Because this is relatively shorter than the other two. So if you skip the fillers the is the best out of the three to get your attention and pass your time.. . . Now the reasons to watch this anime:-. . 1. Bleach in my opinion has one of the best character designs in any animated medium.. . 2. If you like characters who don't have huge aspirations like becoming the best ninja or pirate not to say that they're bad, you ...
Okay, I'm marking this as "recommended" but under a very specific premise. That premise being that you know what the heck you're getting into. This show is saccharin levels of sweet, you may walk away with diabetes. But then again it doesn't pretend to be anything else. It's high-school romance at it's most "pure" form if you will. Two good people, both slightly damaged, perceived to be of different social strata, find each other and develop a romance. It's as pure and simple as that. The standard "coming to understand feelings, and communicate feelings" tropes apply. There's ...
Do you like Ninjas? Then you will probably like this.. . This one was a rather sudden watch on my end when I decided to pick this up in the fall 2023 season but it managed to pique my curiosity a bit, atleast the first episode did. This anime was a jumbled bag of sorts. While at one hand it portrays a sort of a modern Ninja group who are living day to day lives and are hiding in plain sight doing what needs to be done but the execution left much to be desired. The premise was interesting no doubt but the execution is where I ...
Huge thanks to TMS ENTERTAINMENT and all party involve to make this heart warming series.. . Thanks for making me shed my tears when I can't.. . Thanks for making me realize that I'm not alone.. . Thanks for slowly healing my long-life wounds.. . Thanks for all the heart warming and wholesome moments.. . ...
Anime Review 001. Manocoba Review Here. . Spy X Family was released in 2022, so it might be a bit late for a review (╥﹏╥). It tells the story of a spy with the code name 'Twilight' assigned a mission crucial for world peace.. . Twilight's journey to gather information requires him to disguise himself as an ordinary resident and form a small family in the country. The anime combines comedy, slice of life, and a touch of action at various points. The presented comedy is light and enjoyable for anyone, while the slice of life elements offer a comfortable experience, especially for those who favor this genre. Spy x ...
For a person who has enjoyed Japanese works for many years (video games, manga, animation, and at least light novels), Summer Wars surely is the archetypal work of the Land of the Rising Sun.. Of hope, family, embitterment, never giving up, miracles, and triumphs in the end. Well, life is about hope and trying or giving our best; otherwise, there wouldn't be any steps for progress forward.. . This game reminds me a lot of Final Fantasy XVI. When all seems lost, there's still hope.. . Art: 6-7/10 The art was great in the year it was produced.. Characters: 6-7/10 Typical Japanese characters.. Plot: 9/10 I like it when all hopes are ...
Agent Aika is often celebrated as one of the greatest ecchi series ever produced. Its mastery in the art of fan service is executed with such finesse that it becomes an intrinsic part of the show's charm. Although the plot might not claim the title of the most profound, it stands out due to its unique twist, ensuring it's recognized for more than just its genre appeal.. . The characters, while not particularly deep, are certainly memorable. They resonate with a charisma that's difficult to ignore, contributing significantly to the series' enduring popularity. This memorability is enhanced by some of the most iconic uniforms and costumes seen ...
so here is my review of the best anime of the year and probably already the anime of the decade in my opinion I know it's too early but I'm a soothsayer so in my humble opinion it fully deserves its popularity despite this season being hugely criticized for its very slow and redundant beginning but that doesn't stop me from saying that it is already an industry classic and that it probably has the best story that I have experienced of all anime seasonal that I have seen in the past this season is magnificent perfect and well told by Mr. Yukimura the goat ...
The plot of "100 Girlfriends" mainly revolves around the daily life between Rentaro and his girlfriends. The plot describes Rentaro's efforts to maintain a balance among his many girlfriends, not wanting to hurt anyone, and trying to make them all happy, although he meets his true love one after another. The characterization of "100 Girlfriends" is one of its highlights. Rentaro is a kind, gentle, and considerate boy. He treats all his girlfriends equally and strives to make them all happy. The girlfriends who appear in the animation also have distinct personalities and characteristics. Some are gentle and kind, some are lively and cheerful, some ...
I think the overall premise of this anime isn't very common as some other people say. Got a tragic heroine that's very cute- not as much sex appeal angle for once, and a story of helping her come out of her shell. There's elements in here that are common tropes, but compared to the normal scenes of ecchi styles. I find this one to be more sensible; at least as sensible as it could be with magic involved.. . Without spoiling too much, the anime follows two characters who fall in love, a damsel in distress and a mage who's extremely powerful. The anime goes as far ...
This anime is the feast for the eyes that's for sure. In regards for the story first few episodes are boring and as predictable as they can get. Storyline does not get much better later on and characters are skin deep (but their skin are sure is pretty). I struggle to comprehend how this had LN source material, as it is so naive and basic. There is no struggle or some main theme which you can pick up, as far as I can see. MC just have cheat skill with which she was born. Then she is going with the flow, following some whimsical ideals ...
There are no fancy gimmicks or powers, there isn't a huge cast of characters, and the universe is small, yet Nami Sano makes excellent use of this limited world and creates a surreal, suspenseful, and emotional tale that leaves viewers at the edge of their seats wanting more.. . "Less is more" is a great way to describe this anime, since the story is condensed and fast-paced, yet there's enough for the viewer to construct a tangible plot with compelling characters that feel real. This anime is also deep, exploring complex themes (e.g. revenge, brotherhood, redemption, duality) using many instances of symbolism and parallelism that could ...
Damn is the opening theme with Chika Sakamoto (who also voiced the titular character) truly infectious. Some anime is so obscure they get almost completely forgotten, and Ranpou unfortunately falls into that category. When I'd checked hashtags for this on instagram when I originally saw an episode (that I now know was ep. 11) back in 2018, zero posts came up. Not until trying the tag in hiragana did I find anything, and even then there were few. Ranpou the Flying Warped Boy (or Rampoo) was a 21 episode series originally aired on Fuji Television in 1984, about a handsome teenager who's turned into ...
Midori Days is a charming, living-together romantic comedy that manages to keep it on a decent level and focus on something else other than ecchi. The anime executes a standard plot with a refreshing twist. The show has some topless females and bikini shots, but they are presented in a tasteful way. The show also features some action scenes, which are scattered around, with Seji being a delinquent and all.. . Each episode features a new adventure in the lives of Seji and Midori. The show doesn't break new ground, but it's still an enjoyable watch. The ending is cute and happy, and the only ending that ...
“You have no enemies, no one has enemies, no one in this world deserves to be hurt”. I had heard great things about this anime, watching it far exceeded my expectations and I don't usually watch anime of this type of war and violence, but this one is different, Vinland is more than just meaningless fights, it really reflects and analyzes all the concepts what war entails, as well as the meaning of being a true warrior, a concept that is now part of my philosophy of life.. From the 1st chapter I was amazed, I watched one after the other super excited and absolutely none of ...
G Gundam , The Kinnikuman of Gundam of Gundam pr mecha in general, its a Battle Shonen like story with our Main Character Damon , with his Mech God Gundam , its the most over the stop Gundam anime ever , none of it is a real Robot , this show is more action than plot , but that not bad , the problems I have are the clearly mysterious Character is related to another character, if you know what I mean. . This anime got its fans , I am one of them. You're gonna love G Gundam too , I ...
100-Kano is an absolutely insane show, but it somehow still works thanks to the presentation of it all.. . Story: 7.5/10. . Beyond anything else, this show has an advantage over every other romcom harem it parodies - It KNOWS how stupid the premise is and rolls with it. Each scene which would have otherwise been ridiculous melodrama in any other show of this nature is instead played for laughs, ultimately ending up with the perfect recipe for a lighthearted and comedic series.. . While the plot isn’t anything to write home about, it remains highly consistent without ever deviating too far into “filler” territory - Rentaro is going to have ...
Classroom of the elite is an anime with an interesting setting, story and characters. The main character could easily be passed off as overpowered but it generally doesn't feel that way because he tries to hide his knowledge and has some genuinely terrifying enemies.. . The story is probably the strongest part of the anime. The setting is interesting, namely a state run high school where students live in dorms and communication with the outside world being forbidden. The high school is divided into classes and the economy runs on points that can be earned during events and tests. The events are the main appeal of ...
This anime is very good and the MC is overpowered and the people are plain so this anime is highly recommended to watch and the graphics of the anime are also good the design is also cool and the story is also very good but the MC is rich in reality just like someone who likes to lock himself in his room so this anime is really worth watching and also pls there is a sequel to this anime. . This anime has a unique story and also a unique genre so it is highly recommended. . I really enjoy watching this anime because the MC is Terakomari Gendesblood ...
It was the best serial anime of 2023 in all respects.. It had perfect animation and graphics and great cinematography.. Great opening with very beautiful theme music.. All the roles had excellent and deep characterization.. The villains were great.. Voices actor had wonderful.. Although anime attack on titan was great this year, but I think Jujutsu Kaisen was better.. Jujutsu Kaisen's excellence in storytelling and character development likely added to its charm. The dynamic and well-portrayed villains often play a crucial role in making an anime memorable. It's interesting to see how voice actors contributed to the overall experience, bringing the characters to life.
This movie is nothing groundbreaking, but its an aesthetic and sweet, slice of life piece of media with childhood and countryside life among its main themes.. . It depicts a wholesome and realistic friendship between two little girls while mildly exploring their girlhood throughout the film. Both characters have very distinct, likable personalities and are relatable. We get to see how their relationship develops and how they gradually open up to each other in the process. Our charismatic main character shows Kiko the meaning of friendship and helps her cope with the loneliness & insecurity she suffered both in school and at home due to her ...
Although it's a pretty weird anime, be it because of its theme or the characters, I found it to be very well executed and there weren't significant drops in quality like most animes have, where they start out good them they go downhill.. . This alone made me like this anime. Another thing is that I never knew what was coming next. I wouldn't say that it have "plot twists" in it, I don't even find plot twists to be a positive thing because they seem to me like a device used by writers to get out of a dead end. In this anime the story just ...
I don't have the exact words to describe how amazing this season of jjk is.. . This might be the best action I've ever seen from a singular season of anime, every fight has the same love given to it as the best fights in demon slayer. I can't fadom the amount of work this must've taken, but what they achieved here is ground breaking. Cinematography, fight choreography, lighting, music. It does not miss. And yes, I am aware of the work conditions MAPPA is putting its animators in, and it's a tragic tale, but not one for me to discuss here.. . Now for story, I understand ...
Many people have been waiting for season 2 to be released, and I have been one of them; this part of the manga got me hooked on Jujutsu Kaisen. Season 2 focuses on Gojos Past arc (manga chapters 65-79) and the Shibuya Incident arc (manga chapters (79-136). Without giving away too many details, I can say that the anime closely follows the manga and a few additional scenes are thrown in. I loved the character introductions this season and their designs - it's been fun watching the story go from the manga to being fully animated!. . Additional details:. - The animation is ...
Rating 10/10. . This film was quite fun to watch although the short little story about the lion and the wolf was a little to long taking up a decent chunk of the main film. The lessons that it showed to the audience were quite nice to see compared to what we see in today's society.. . The animation was pretty fluid and the character expressions were very comical to look at.. The boy tricking the monster to get back into the pot after coming out was very smart on his part and it shows how gullible the monster actually is and eventually showed the monster how favors should be ...
This isn't an actual review. More of a request. I want more. Give me more. I need closure. I want to see Mikage's dad chasing after Hachiken with deadly intent after he proposes. I also want to see Komaba finally getting his own ranch. I need more. I want more.. On that note this season was good as well. Not as much as the first one, but still good enough to make you want more. The characters haven't changed from last season and that shows consistency. It was nice to see all of them grow. Especially the MC. Like last time i obviously recommend this anime. ...
One of the best pilot episodes of any anime ever!. . I don't even care about being too critical and trying to find plot holes and issues, because isn't the point of ART to think, feel and have fun?? This is the feeling I get from this anime.. . "I feel the author is making us think about both aspects and try to bring a balance between freedom and enjoyment, and stability and survival." - Me. Read more to find out how much I can over analyze a show after saying that it's just entertainment.. . The whole point of this anime is how parents, employers, friends and society in general ...
Its one of the best hanime i ever watched those glossy trex animation is on the next level and the female character design is on another caliber. Its story is also better than some of the other hanimes which have way illogical plot its one of my favoirite one. How his sister caught him masturbating and how huge his penis was, she shared the pic to her friends and how they got into intercourse with her brother by getting turned on by his so called 'cockzilla' and how in the next episodes his sister also gets adicted to his penis and joined her two friends, ...
"Rejected Desires" is like a soul's own hell, filled with beautiful emptiness, but honestly, I willingly plunged into this hell.. . First things first, let's talk visuals. The imagery hangs in the air, showering us with the emotions and dirty dreams of the main characters. Somewhere between school lessons and secret rendezvous, each frame is like a wild life hiding in the darkest corners of the characters' hearts. The character interactions are like a dance, where each step is an attempt to forget something real and immerse oneself in the illusions of distorted desires.. . Now, onto the plot. It seems simple enough: a pair of rejects craving to ...
My personal observation:. . 1. Unique storyline: seen something similar, but good mix of school life, and slight bit of sci-fi.. . 2. Explores each character and their internal struggles and consequential emotions very well: main characters have a prominent character development. . 3. Definitely relatable for many of us, and personally got me thinking about human life and the course of life on a very philosophical level (bit of a deep thinker, so might just be me). . 4. Perfect animation, directory, voice acting, everything.... . 5. Tear jerker = well written and portrayed. The number of times I have cried because of an anime or show can be counted using one ...
You should watch this movie due to the following reasons:. . 1. unique plotline: never seen something like this before.. . 2. explores the characters and their personal struggles and their consequential emotions in a very adept manner: character development is evident in this film.. . 3. does a very good job at being extremely relatable; although one cannot relate to the part where you get to become a cat every so often.. . 4. potrays the "non-diagnosed depression" we all go through at some point in our lives. The feeling where we want the world to just end sometimes is potrayed here, and it is shown that there is indeed something ...
Honestly, I love this anime, so much, I won't go into details on why this anime is great, but the simplistic character design, with an incomplete story somehow leads to me to appreciating this anime for so much more. I've rewatched several times and read many reviews. Yuuri and Chito will always be my favorite anime characters and the unspoken lessons and theme from the series will stick with me forever. I think that if anyone watches this, they won't be disappointed by anything, the voice acting, the hidden lore, all perfect. The art style is perfect for the story, especially the moe-y parts when ...
The aesthetic of this film is its strongest feature. The late eighties/early nineties realistic depictions of Japan are amazing. If you liked the style of Only Yesterday, trade the countryside for Tokyo and you have a sense of what this film is.. . Everyone's main complaint is obvious. There is NO romance in what is supposed to be a romantic drama. Honestly if I had gone into this movie with just that expectation, I would have been horribly disappointed. It makes narratively no sense with what is happening. Would have been a 4/10 at best.. . However. I had heard someone say this was Ghibli's unofficial "gay ...
This anime is a real classic. Even though it came out just over a decade ago, its fan base is still as strong as ever, especially with the Tenkuu Danzai Skelter+Heaven airing just a while back in Japanese theatres.. Genuinely shocking moments, a complex plot, and one of the best examples of characterisation and expression make this a timeless classic. I have watched every episode at least 10 times, and I still can't get bored with it. Even with this anime being a decade old, the animation is still quite impressive, even if its not on par with some of the more recent anime. The voice ...
Abenobashi is a funny anime show that pokes fun at Japanese pop culture and other anime genres. The studio Gainax did a good job of creating an entertaining parody that is not too random or crazy. Unlike Excel Saga, the humor in Abenobashi comes from making fun of the cliches and idiocies of each genre. It is a specific kind of humor that might not be for everyone, especially those who are new to anime.. . The show has some great character development, especially for the main characters, Sasshi and Arumi. You get to know them better and like them more as the series progresses. The supporting ...
Oh wow, just finished this anime and didn't expect to love it so much.. . It is very obvious that the source material is written by a women, for young women. I wouldn't have accepted it's premise otherwise. It deals, in a rather blunt, sometimes shockingly honest way, with coming of age female sexuality, understanding romantic relationships and coping with all its pain. It encourages young women to fight back against the old fashioned and misguided mindset that women are not pure if they have sexual feelings. Against the idea that women should essentially either remain girls forever, or be labeled as sluts.. . Characters:. Features a group of five ...
Tsukasa Fushimi's spiritual successor to Oreimi aka 'my little sister can't be this cute'. Both shows exist in the same world and time to the point where the protagonists briefly meet.. . Where Oreimi was a thoroughly miserable experience the premise here is much stronger. For one, the brother and sister are step siblings and the sister Sagiri expressly does not consider Masamune her brother for a couple of reasons. The other is that there is no abuse or tedious drama.. In fact despite the interest between these step siblings, the show is surprisingly wholesome and the ecchi is rather mild.. . The premise is that the four year ...
This season of jjk is amazing, that's the overall verdict. And even though it's amazing it could've been even better if the staff had proper time to adapt the second arc Shibuya. But even so it's still in my top 3 favorite anime seasons of all time, only really contested by Attack on titan season 2 and season 3 part 2. That should tell you how great the actual concept of this season is, as the source material for this particular portion of the story is one of the most enthralling and engaging things I've ever read. I really can't wait to binge this arc ...
Vexations of a Shut-In Vampire Princess is a yuri-bait comedy chuunibyou (eigth grader syndrome) show that doesn't take itself too seriously, but delivers decent humorous situations and unironically cool fight scenes between cute girls for a bit of overpowered satisfaction. There are copious amounts of gushing blood and some less than funny type of violence, but it's not gruesome or too serious. Maybe don't show this to a young kid.. . We have an unwilling protagonist, Terakomari Gandesblood, who is put in position of leading one of her country's armies as its commander, despite being a teenager shut-in vampire who refuses to drink blood.. Hilarity ensues ...
It really cannot be understated how great it is that in the 2020s, we're getting so many different Pokemon anime in very different animation styles. For decades, the only animated Pokemon property we got was the main TV anime starring Ash Ketchum. As popular as the games and the overall franchise is, and for all the innovations it provided across its associated media, the TV anime was pretty static and formulaic a lot of the time. But starting in the mid-2010s and into the 2020s, the Pokemon animated canon got to expand beyond just the TV anime. We got stuff like Pokemon Origins, followed by ...
Neon Genesis Evangelion was one of (if not,) the best animes I have ever watched. It was an experience to say the least. To be honest, I did not go into this expecting it to be that interesting. I usually don’t really cry over fictional stuff, but I shed a tear or or two during this, because it really does go into the trauma and the emotions of those affected by both their past, and the trauma they’re actively facing throughout the series. Every single character is flawed and that’s really what makes the characters, well, the characters. It felt rushed at some parts but ...
9/10 Stars! Definitely would welcome more of this series or any stop-motion slice-of-life Pokemon (mini) series! My only complaint would be that it wasn't longer!. . Story: It's a simple story about a hardworking and serious girl that is looking for employment and learns to relax and have fun on the resort! Her fun is directly tied to the fun of the pokemon, and ultimately, she ends up doing her job - making sure both her and the pokemon are having a good time!. . Art: Stop-motion animation is NOT an easy art, so I have soooooo many compliments to the art direction and the way they animated the ...
At the end of each episode there's a smile on my face. Combined with the music outro, it gives me a warm feeling inside. It is very easy to get into the MC's shoes and understand his straggles. He is very relatable but also a very fun character. You can't hate him. I recommend this one to everyone (except vegans). It is a nice change of pace and it will not fail you.. ps i'm amazed every time that diamonds like this one find their way to me out of nowhere. i wouldn't had pick this one out of a bunch. i guess going back to ...
This Movie/OVA/Filler Episode extracted out of the Ninku series actually felt like one of the better examples of early Pierrot, and the evolution that goes into creating specifically Naruto. While this absolutely stands on it's own, the early formula that is pioneered by Ninku and even by Pierrot in this movie is a critical chain in the development of Naruto. The side characters, themselves actually more interestingly designed than the main Ninku cast, really showcases what develops into both Naruto and Bleach filler design. While many criticize the pacing of Pierrot filler, rightfully so, when paced well like in certain Bleach fillers they can be ...
SPOILER FREE. PROS:. *Unique art style: Loved Golion's horror/gothic vibes with witches, black magic, space ships with skulls, flying coffins, organic architecture.. . *Action: dynamic fights ranging from hand to hand, Lion mech to peon soldier/tanks, Golion to giant monster. There's a variety of weapons that evolve with time. The finishing blows are all uniquely animated. . *Characters: I was surprised by how well certain characters are fleshed out and their dramatic stories. Significant recurring characters, episodic characters, and more. Admittedly, the central male protagonists felt less developed by comparison, but I still found myself getting invested in characters that I wasn't expecting. . *Mature themes & imagery: You probably know about Voltron, ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (8). The story is about a girl who is on a journey to an island where there are a lot of Pokemon that live on there. It looked like a resort for a Pokemon. But in the middle of the journey, She bumped into a several event that made everything interesting. But I think the series is too short. I prefer if they make it much more longer or have more several episode.. . Art (9). The art in this anime is very good! I like the new style of Pokemon that uses stop motion to create this anime. I ...
Hikikomari is one of those shows that isn’t the strongest story wise, but manages to steal your heart with great characters, comedy and some surprisingly well done action scenes. Out of Project No. 9s three shows this season, I think this was the best by a decent margin. It was a perfect blend of Yuri, ecchi fanservice, action and wholesome moments too. A must watch for cute girl enthusiasts.. . Hikikomari isn’t going to blow you away with world building or an incredible story. Its strength is very clearly the relationship between characters, mainly Vill and Komari, the misunderstandings that make Komarin look like a genius and ...
Kingdom season 2, old but gold? It is hard to tell. There are a lot of welcome surprises after the first season, but it is still not quite the show most of us would love to see.. . That being said, lets delve a bit deeper into the good/bad things about this series.. . The good: a very interesting story that feels very unique and is just an enjoyable watch overall. The characters are also very well written, with some (minor) exceptions. On that note however I do want to talk a little bit about Xin, because at the moment he still feels a bit lacking as ...
The Vexations of a Shut-In Vampire Princess - "I don't wanna be part of the politics and warmongering that is affecting my kingdom! I just wanna rest in peace, and good day!" *slams door* - Terakomari "Komari" Gandesblood. . Out of all of the many Fall season's offerings, I have to say that author Kotei Kobayashi's Hikikomari Kyuuketsuki no Monmon a.k.a The Vexations of a Shut-In Vampire Princess is one of those works that is the definition of a one-of-a-kind work that you don't really see experimented much in the AniManga space. This LN that started in January 2020 , which would go on to win the ...
It's always the same with this anime series, only peak writing, peak animation, peak humour and suspense. This season we get closer to our goal which is "What's behind the petrification?" and as crazy as it sounds slowly step by step we finally see new paths of knowledge lighting up.. . The characters are beyond well written, the more characters we get, the better the plot gets (max W if you ask me) especially the villains. I won't spoil but I could never predict what will happen each episode except if it was properly explained obviously.. . As I wrote in my other reviews, the soundtrack is ...
Amazing animation, better music and better story! Sophie is lovable, BEAUTIFUL and her feelings are understandable, Howl and his curse is a bit incomplete, but interesting. I love their love and the little easter eggs too.. The character desings is amazing, I love how Ghibli make their animation. The anime was one of my firsts, I saw it multiple times since I was born.. The book is also good, the story is better developed and more understandable. I missed Turnip Head and Heen story, they were one of the most important characters there.. I think people who like elaborately drawn landscapes, cozy music and light fantasy stories ...
If I'm being honest, my hormones dictated me watching this anime: if MC has white/silver hair I'm hooked. I went into this blind and, being somewhat 'funned out' by the whole AI hype, wasn't expecting much. I was pleasantly surprised.. . From the onset it appears to be about humanoids, human-like AI beings, and their issues. But in truth its more about the human response to artificial intelligence and how we deal with the 'uncanny valley' we've found ourselves in. There's a saying: When you gaze into the abyss, it gazes back at you. Our response to challenges, uncertainty and 'otherness' is a reflection of who we ...
Gege Akutami's villain arc has just begun in the eyes of 'anime-only' watchers, and the reason - Jujutsu Kaisen Season 2. The second installment of this tale of trauma is certainly highly rated - but what would I say?. . STORY: 9/10. I'm going to start out by saying that my reviews of Jujutsu Kaisen have almost been entirely flipped. When rating Season 1, I found the story to be a simple amalgam of fights and battles. Yet now, I have seen those battles link an intricate story of death and destruction, where it seems to only get more hopeless as time goes on. Watched your favourite character ...
10/10 amazing animation for such an old anime. I found this while browsing crunchroll. Watched it and it was amazing. It did have a good ending and it does seem confusing at some points but it is really worth the watch. This is def a good old classic anime and to be honest be a hour each episode is amazing. Soo technically its 26 episode if u think of a episode 30 mins lol (13 episode). Watch this anime do it nowwwwww. . Events were good. Story is lacking on background knowledge but it does make sense. Characters are well rounded. The anime does a good job ...
-Macross Plus short review.-. . . Slightly pretentious top gun for weebs.. . . Some of the most beautiful art and animation that I have ever witnessed along with some incredible directing, storyboarding, sound design and music. . . . All of these elements work in tandem to elevate a, for the most part, smart script that is able to seamlessly intertwine in its plot interpersonal romantic melodrama and sci-fi military action to explore themes about technology, emotions and what makes us human.. ...
The Lost girls OVA is a 3 episode series with two episodes dedicated to a detective styled story with Annie as the main character. The third episode is an alternate reality dream sequence the Mikasa has.. . The first two episodes are nice, there isn’t much hardcore action, just a few scenes with Annie brawling with thugs but the story itself is pretty decent. The plot was good and the mystery aspect was well done with some interesting side characters. The story was pretty grounded in reality with every character having reasonable motives. 7/10. . The second story; just one episode long isn’t all that great. It is supposedly ...
A two episode ova featuring the origins of Levi and how he got into the survey corps, is absolutely fantastic and well done. There’s no doubt about this one, it’s extremely well done and has the same quality as the main anime.. . This anime features Levi’s start from the underground cities, living as a robin hood style professional thug along with a metaphorical older brother, younger sister and same aged gang members. From here on the plot revolves around Erwin Smith finding them and some malicious third party involved in influencing the trio.. . The story here is very well done, there’s no ...
Attack on titan Ova is a side story that compliments season 1 as it happens before or in its time frame. Out of the three episodes 2 are serious and one is more like a comedy sketch.. . The first episode is straight from the manga, I remember seeing this story quite early in the manga, like literally from the first or second chapter. The story adds a great bit of mystery to the titans and I think it sets up the vibe for the future story nicely since the series has ended and we already know how it has ended. Definitely a core episode of season ...
Behold, The anime which was delayed throughout most of 2023 but still managed to give us a satisfying finish. It got delayed a bunch of times (Some context for people who wonder why this show has mixed reviews and don't know about the delays).. . I went into this anime with absolutely zero expectations and was genuinely mindblown by the first episode and was watching it on a weekly basis until the delays started and then they finally dropped the last 3 episodes.. . Animation : Top notch really, nothing to say.. Story : Passable I guess, its your run of the mill Zombie story but what separates this from ...
Disclaimer: This is an opinion, and opinions are subjective, you can have your own opinion and we don’t need to hurt each other because of an arbitrary review on the internet. . The 100 Girlfriends Who Really Love You is a harem anime, a very hated genre of anime however, this anime does harem pretty well, while not being entirely perfect.. . Let's start with the positives,. . This show is really entertaining, the interactions are interesting, the main character is relatively likable and not completely generic, as well as the other characters in contrast with the main character make a great synergy. This synergy between the characters make this ...
Hotarubi no Mori e is really well-thought out movie. This movie brings out the idea of how a loved one's life can be so transient.. . The love story of Gin and Hotaru start when Hotaru is a little girl. Gin is a spirit whose touching of any human can result in his perishing. Hotaru is a normal human girl. Although Gin and Hotaru never got to make physical contact early on, their relationship builds through the moments spent with each other. Despite both of their being able to meet only on specific times of the year, their love remains loyal year by year. However, one ...
Excellent adaptation from the manga!. . Simple synopsis: After Senku obtains the treasure from treasure Island his new goal is to obtain the petrification weapon "the Medusa" so that he can learn more about it, and possibly even use it, but he has to battle the chief and his forces on the island in order to get it.. . As I was watching this part 2 of this season I was wondering if I would feel the same excitement like I did when I was reading the manga each week as a new chapter released. And I am proud to say yes. This part 2 recreated that same ...
The humour is so out of pocket that I had to give an extra star.. . The art style and animation is so well done. The colours really pop and it makes for a good visual experience as you would want from an anime. I really like how all the zombies look like they just came out of a paintball game. The character designs are great and everyone is easily identifiable.. . The direction of the series is really well done and you can tell they had a particular vision for this adaptation that they didn't waver on. It can get very cinematic at points and is ...
It's a cute little companion series for the main anime "Sousou no Frieren". It's nice little heartwarming skits with little on the animation side. Stuff like this just shows how much they enjoyed the character interactions so much they had to make a little b-sides adventures thing. The other guy said there's no "quality here" but they're nuts. While it is true this isn't a standalone anime it is still of great quality. Even though the style is very simplified it still conveys great expressiveness and attention to the details that matter. In addition, each episode is only a little over a minute, so they ...
Colorido nailed it with this one! The movie, which serves as the main story, hits differently now.. . The best way I can describe this series is as a blend of Harry Potter meeting Pokemon, or envisioning how JK Rowling might have approached Fantastic Beasts to create a more compelling story.. . So, if you're a fan of Harry Potter, you will undoubtedly enjoy this story and what it has to offer.. . Tite Kubo has struck gold once again, and observing how the studio not only maintained the quality but improved upon it from the movie that premiered in 2020, I believe I'm not the only one who sees the ...
This anime exists to market a CITY to you. Its some hot garbage, but you know what? It worked. I want to visit Urawa City in Saitama, Japan just so I can see if the people there move at the same bad frame rate and are made of horrid CGI. Yes, I do recommend it, just so you can also enjoy this mistake of an anime, and I genuinely hope this series gets a third season cause that'd be amazing. Good for a laugh but not much else.. . MAL wouldn't let me post this without more words so here's the first part of the bee movie:
I had some idea of what I was getting into with this series. Given the title, the artwork, and its genre, I knew to expect a sort of end-of-the-line adventure series with SoL elements, and given the cutesy design of its lead characters, it meant this could go one of a few ways. It could go the Made in Abyss route, plunging these characters into crises as they traveled and mangling those cute designs. It could just be a serene travel series that digs down into the details of the world a la Mushi-shi. It could find its way through the rubble of a fallen ...
To preference this review, I have never consumed both an anime or manga Gundam related work. So, like many, this is my first of the series. I do build Gunpla, but my understanding of the Gundam world is none before watching this. With that being said, this review is looking at this show alone, not comparing it to any of the other shows. To be honest, doing such just comes off as a copium moment for modern iterations of old franchises.. . Art 10/10. Overall, I loved the art style. While it isn't the most unique out there, it was fluid and was not overbearing. Often times ...
I’m going to list out the pros and cons of this show in bullet points versus a more typical review because I find this show came with a lot of high highs and low lows. Overall, I would recommend any shonen fan watch this and the tl;dr is the show is great with some missed potential along the way.. . The good. -Stunning art direction. The show uses color to both brighten up a normally dark and brooding genre as well as emphasize character development with black and white scenes getting vibrant colors splashed into it.. -Similar to above, this show is an upbeat version of your typical zombie ...
Yes, this is a Miyazaki movie. That on its own elevates it above most anime movies. That said, this is not the kind of Miyazaki experience most people are used to. This movie is very abstract. I would not recommend this movie for kids. Because younger kids are not going to have the visual/media literacy to completely understand everything that is going on. If you are ready for a more subjective and abstract experience, then this movie is still enjoyable. But I wouldn't expect a movie like this to become the newest toy craze the way Totoro, Spirited Away, or Kiki's Delivery service were. Now ...
Jujutsu Kaisen 2nd Season was an insane journey right from the get-go, I also had the unique experience of catching up to the manga as this was still airing which I'd not done before, and so that added another layer to my overall enjoyment. The pre-Shibuya arc stuff provided some really key insight into things both from season 1 and to come, shining a new light onto characters we were previously acquainted with which I think was a really good focus for the story before the craziness that was Shibuya.. . Speaking more about that, the way the story kind of shifts is really engaging and ...
This year, I finally watched this classic anime from the recesses of my memory. I never watched it in the 90s, but I definitely recognize seeing VHS tapes in my older cousin's room. It's goofy fun that shouldn't be taken too seriously. It has some touching moments, but don't expect any real overarching plot. Instead, expect easy to digest, stand alone episodes full of characters and situations that will make you laugh. I love the characters in this series. Rumiko Takahashi is a master of creating wacky characters who you'd hate to have for neighbors, but you'll enjoy watching from the safety of your living ...
Again, just when I thought the zombie genre could not get any more new ideas, I was proven wrong. Zom 100 was a pleasant surprise that cleverly used the apocalypse as a way to criticize the shit working conditions in Japan. From the first episode, I was already surprised by the way the protagonist reacted to the zombies. Unlike other zombie projects, this one is full of colors and has an upbeat tone. Even more, beneath the exciting actions, the show also commented on society and how people reacted differently depending on their lives before the outbreak.. . This leads to my problem with the last ...
This is not an anime for you if you liked SAO.. . This is not an anime for you if you don't enjoy slice of life fantasy series.. . This is for you if you don't mind a slower paced fantasy series that captures actual MMO feel. This anime is not a high stakes crazy action anime, and as a fan of the manga since it came out, I can say this anime doesn't exactly match the energy of the original work but gets pretty damn close. This is an anime about experimentation, the joy of learning new things in a medium you care about, and getting to experience ...
So, this is the first Precure season/series I’ve seen. How do I feel about it? Now, to set something straight: when it comes to this season in particular, you’ll either love it, or you’ll hate it.. . Me? I absolutely ADORED it. It’s so silly!!! But even though it was, it still had a great story. I loved all of the characters, especially everyone’s favorite sea fairy, KURURUN.. . The music in the show I wouldn’t necessarily say is phenomenal, but it IS iconic and really enjoyable, especially the second ending.. . The visuals in this show are absolutely gorgeous, and there were several arcs in the show that were extremely ...
I'm actually surprised to found that many people are disappointed in this season, because for me personally, this season is my absolute favorite than the previous seasons. Sure, it may use 3DCG in their live performances, but it just takes a few time to adjust with to be honest.. . Story/Characters:. I actually loves that they decided to focus on character's backstory and development. I must agree that it's quite a disappointment that each of them only have 1 episode for development (well, except Otoya). I found someone that said HEAVENS is a poor knockoff of STARISH, and I must disagree. HEAVENS is a counterpart of STARISH, and ...
a reason why death note has remained as one of my (and the world’s!) favorite animes ever for years is because of the characters’ superior intelligence. dramatic irony frustrates me soooo much, and although its a tad unrealistic, death note’s characters’ intelligence leaves little room for these type of moments. instead, its usually the reader who is left trying to piece together their thought processes. it makes the series so interesting and rewarding once you understand all the pieces of the puzzle.. death note is one of the few animes that completely deserve the hype it gets! this series never gets old no matter how many ...
Monster is a sensational anime in almost all (if not all) aspects.. It has incredible direction (both visual and sound) that knows how to bring power to the scene, it manages to convey the feeling of the moment in an impactful and dynamic way, adding this to the excellent soundtracks, resulting in a very unique and immersive audiovisual experience so well executed that is.. The aesthetics are also an absurdly beautiful thing, MadHouse did a great job with the visual aspect of the anime, bringing several takes, camera angles, a very striking atmosphere and a beautiful look, the production did very well in terms of the anime's ...
A 12 episode ecchi anime with genderswap and a hint of harem. It's nothing new and there really isn't anything in here to completely revolutionize the anime world, but I still think it manages to stand apart a bit from the competition. So what is it that makes this anime worth a watch? Well.... . World & Story. The premise is interesting and one that can be used with a lot of variation. There's not too much done with it though and I would have liked to see a bit more. The world is interesting and engaging and again, it leaves me with a taste for more. There's ...
Juuni Kokuki is a 7/10 series that could've been more, with basic cuts and editing. If they had cut out the second arc and replaced it with the last arc, the quality of the anime would've vastly improved. If they had cut out a certain character, the anime would've vastly improved. Alas, that didn't happen. So it's a good anime, but it's not great.. . Plot: the plot is a simple isekai plot, but with a slight twist. Youko is a high school girl that is the class president. She's a people pleaser and works hard for academic achievements, for the ...
What the Harem genre has needed for soo long. . I was very sceptical at first with this anime but wow, it blew me out of the park with this. Coming from Bibury which is only known for quintuplets they released this near masterpiece of a harem.. . Keep in mind I started this anime at the end of the season and it kept me hooked so well I finished it in a day, and that is something very rare for me to do and only happens when the anime is that good.. The anime gets right to the point in the first episode with how the MC Rentaro is ...
This one is pretty good! It does a good job of being funny, yet serious at the same time. The characters are great and it does a lot in only twelve episodes. I hope we get a season two, but at the time of this review, nothing has been said. The world-building is great and I love how the fantasy world has the good old American healthcare system. It's your typical isekai in many ways, but it's fun to watch the MC develop and get stronger. It's a great breath of fresh air seeing a MC that actually has to work at becoming powerful rather ...
Another great season of Dr. Stone. As much as I hate the Attack on Titan approach of splitting seasons up into parts, it was still a great watch. I did find myself slightly struggling to remember what had happened in the last part, but if you aren't watching this as it aired that isn't an issue. I can't wait for the next season, can't believe that it's the final when there is still a lot to animate. I hope it doesn't become a Dr. Stone The Final Season part 4 issue but given the trend that's probably what will happen. If you've made it this ...
If you aren't hooked by the second episode you're lying. The creepy humor in this one is next to nothing. I couldn't wait for each episode to air. The characters, animation, and story are fantastic. The pacing is wonderful, it didn't feel rushed at all. I found myself laughing so hard that I cried almost every episode. It does a perfect job of adding the right amount of comedy to a serious and heartfelt story. At only thirteen episodes, you are severely missing out by skipping this one. If I had to complain about anything (which is hard to do) it would just be that ...
Tite Kubo is very smart for immediately incorporating BURN THE WITCH into the BLEACH universe—through a shrewd plot-twist in the writing—to straight off the bat invest its core target demographic—Bleach fans—into his spin-off series. This, alongside making the protagonists two (attractive) female characters in order to automatically make for a more interesting shounen premise considering the nigh-novelty. Thus, through the premise alone is the thoughtfulness of Kubo's work shown here.. . Ultimately and in reality, Burn the Witch is supplemental content for fans of the main series. It intends to capture the stylistic essence of Bleach as an excuse for Kubo to draw aesthetic art pieces that ...
One punch man with wizards instead of superheroes. That's the show. While the story is pretty lackluster, it's really funny at times. The doors being obliterated every time the MC appeared killed me so many times. Definitely worth checking out. Honestly, if this had come out before One Punch Man it'd be more popular IMO. The animation is really well done, the fights are pretty cool, and the show does a good job of realizing what works. The characters are decent and have some pretty neat designs. If I had to complain about anything it'd just be the constant cream puffs being inserted into every ...
This season was flawless, and I won't give away any spoilers about season 2. However, the final episode left me with chills and heightened anticipation for the upcoming movie (season 3). The main character is exceptionally well-suited for the show, and the viewing experience remains perfect, whether in Japanese or English. In my opinion, each character receives ample screen time, and I wouldn't alter anything about either season 1 or 2. The balance in character exposure feels just right, contributing to the overall satisfaction with both seasons. The only thing I'd tweak is making season 2, like, 20 episodes just like we had in season ...
Anyone whose read this manga will know how much Colorido actually improved upon the source. Obviously Kubo is heavily involved with the project, and you can tell his studies on London/England are paying off, and he really infuses that world design with the cultural background. At first you would think a series like this leans on Harry Potter tropes, but many of them are blown out and upgraded in ways that give them a unique identity completely separate from obvious inspirations.. . The design are incredible, and Kubo is still in his prime. Every single detail and little addition to the characters comes out in a classic ...
10/10 ⭐. The first chapter was reason enough for me to continue the serie until the end and I ended up very satisfied, and even though there were 11 chapters, they gave me endless emotions, even more than a 24-episode series lol.. . If we talk about chapter 1 without spoilers, then I will only say that this triggers the events that are seen throughout the series, the animation and direction were spectacular, and in terms of characters, without a doubt the one who took my heart was Kana.. . Finally, this series touches on serious topics (it is a seinen for a reason) and perfectly portrays the lives of ...
Horimiya Season 1 is a delightful journey into the lives of its characters, offering a unique blend of romance, comedy, and slice-of-life elements that sets it apart from the crowd. The series not only excels in storytelling but also surprises with its commitment to fully developing a diverse cast of characters, each with their own compelling arcs.. . One of the standout features of Horimiya is its ability to break away from traditional anime norms, offering a fresh take on the high school romance genre. The characters are not confined to typical stereotypes, and their personalities and stories feel authentic and relatable. The show takes the time ...
I like my reviews informative. Here is a rather brief summary of the factors that should help you decide whether you'll enjoy this show or not, without delving much into the story.. . ‣ 1. Correct expectations. . Most of anime horror fans have probably seen this statement at least once in their life: "Anime is not a good medium for horror." While this is true by the definition of horror we're intuitively used to from live-action series, I also think most of us are aware we don't come here to "be scared". We come to experience the eerie, dark atmosphere, watch *the characters* being frightened and put ...
Jujutsu Kaisen as a show is the definition of "As soon as I think I'm out, they pull me back in." It started strong and every time I thought it was winding down, it just kept going, relentlessly. Finally, this beloved manga lives up to the very high standards it has set for itself. Jujutsu Kaisen Second Season is NOT perfect, but it ranges from solid to amazing in almost all regards.. . The peak of this season, and probably the entire series, were the first five episodes of season two. A flashback to 2006, with secondary protagonist Gojo and secondary antagonist Geto in school together as ...
Pretty good special. Although it was released after the BtW anime, in terms of the manga this actually came first as a one shot. We get to see how Balgo gets involved in the world of Reverse London. That makes this a good entry point into the series, even if you haven't seen the first anime. If you have seen the first anime, I would highly recommend watching this special too.. . There's not much to say other than that as the original chapter was more of an introduction to the world of BtW, and this special just adapts that. Characters are fun and quirky, the ...
I don't understand why they made a ship between Masane and Takayama, all the misfortunes that happen to her are because of his weapons company, plus he forces her to fight and that's putting your life in danger.. . The clone witchblade and the real witchblade should have joined forces against Doji and the father.. . I don't understand why they made a ship between Masane and Takayama, all the misfortunes that happen to her are because of his weapons company, plus he forces her to fight and that's putting your life in danger.. . The clone witchblade and the real witchblade should have joined forces against Doji and the father.
If you enjoy Art and Crafts I think you'd like this Anime for seeing how it was all done in that past. I'm not sure if this view is frowned on or not here, but I'd recommend you watch at least parts of it in Dubbed. I feel that the budget that may have came with the Universal the English version is the best I've watched in ages, just from the simple part of there being Italian words thrown in from time to time. It feel's to me that a lot of attention went into making every character you meet in the show feel real, ...
Overall - 8/10 - A decent slice of life series; feels like it falls under comedy as a secondary genre. Character personalities a bit wacky but alright when not taken seriously. Recommended for people who like slice of life; may be a bit boring for others.. . Art - 9/10 - no complaints; clean, reasonably detailed, smooth animation, good facial expressions, etc.. . Story - 7/10. Generally a decent slice of life plot, has plenty of cute moments, which felt like the major draw.. Personally found the comedy to be a bit hit or miss; some jokes/behaviors felt a bit overused for me (or simply not funny, which is ...
Dislike. -The Opening Song (was so bad and the screaming vocals made it only worse; had to skip every time). -The Ending song (as with most ending songs it was unremarkable). -A Handful of Episodes felt like filler. . Liked. -The ethical questions explored by the series, such as who truly has the right to life?. -The chemistry between Shinichi and Migi. -The brilliant fight scenes. . I got introduced to Parasite by the crappy abridged version back in 2016 when those were popular, and likely some sort of top 10 list from "Anime America," the likes of which I can't remember. However, back in 2016 I was still riding the SAO hype train ...
It's not as bombastic, fun or just plain awesome in the visuals department as the ONA that started this, but this ONA is still a good time. To its credit, the worldbuilding is substantially better this time around, as we get to see aspects of somewhat every day life in Reverse London and the designs of at least a couple of the dragons we get to see are creative and interesting. Considering the original ONAs largely left the worldbuilding to the imagination and just sped through its early events to get to the big fights, this is a welcome addition, and does a good deal ...
Why Do I Love Ao Ashi?. . Introduction. In 2022, I didn't have much interest in football, but when I was looking at the anime that would come in the new season, this anime didn't attract my attention much, but as I continued, I realized that it turned into an anime that I loved very much and I started to love football. After that, football already had a big place in my life. Of course, I'm not very close to football again lately.. . Realism. Although Aoashi is often known as an anime that people pass over as "Another Tsubasa knockoff, dude.", I definitely want to say that this anime deserves ...
As someone who grew up watching all verisons of the original Pokemon anime and played Pokemon games on the Nintendo... this show brought back a lot of nostalgic memories for me. First off, can we just applaud how well-detailed each character's and pokemon's expressions and motions? Stop motion is a challenging art, and you can tell how much efforts and time everyone involved put in. Now this show isn't your typical trainer collect pokemon, train, defeat gym leaders, etc.. No, this show is a light warm, fuzzy, and just overall cute. It's meant for kids, and honestly, the childhood me would've loved this just as ...
Endearing, a moving re-telling of the timeless classic. I have always adored the spiritual devoted love story at the heart of "The Snow Queen" and this anime captures and represents it beautifully. Even with the inclusion of notable fairytale characters from other recognizable childhood stories, the series still exudes the exquisite and encouraging aura of this Coming of Age adventure-and the unbreakable power of true love.. . The screen and character writing are richly done and the traditional animation style truly makes this a hidden gem viewers of all ages can appreciate and be touched by. Certainly one of the best adaptations of the tale ever ...
Special episode serving as a prequel to the series. It has everything you expect from Gundam: drama, action, spectacular mecha, and a political plot suggesting a very interesting world-building. It's particularly interesting to revisit after having seen the first season of Kidou Senshi Gundam: Suisei no Majo, as it helps recontextualize certain aspects of the plot. Exceptional animation and character design.. . ---. . Episodio especial que sirve de precuela a la serie. Tiene todo lo que se espera de Gundam: drama, acción, mechas espectaculares y una trama política que sugiere un worldbuilding muy interesante. Es especialmente interesante revisionarlo tras haber visto la primera temporada de Kidou Senshi Gundam: ...
An anime that I approached because it promised to be the 'Shirobako' of Visual Novel creation in the 90s, but it ended up being much more. It offers numerous nods, tremendous plot twists, a time-travel plot (inevitable given games like YU-NO or Steins;Gate), and surprisingly deep reflections on the nature of game development (or any other creative product). Additionally, it feels as if the scriptwriter knows perfectly well all the questions the viewer is asking and proceeds to answer them, but always in unexpected ways. A tremendously fun series to follow, leaving you eager to see what will happen in the next episode, and it ...
The Boyfriend Is Me.. . Whilst other protagonists of lesser harem romcoms are endlessly spiralling around in an endless malaise of ‘will they, won’t they’ bullshit with all the women who are attracted to them for reasons unknown just so a plot can happen, Rentarou was at the forge, sharpening his blades and pouring his soul in them. As he draws his two new Zanpakt- I mean four leaf clovers, one containing the soul of ecchi harem romcom bullshit and the other containing the soul of good writing, self-awareness and parody almost rivalling Gintama, he comes to the self-realisation that he is him and that The 100 ...
Summary: Nami Sano's avant-garde style has finally met perfect genre - suspense.. . Nami Sano's previous work "Haven't You Heard? I'm Sakamoto" had pros and cons. While many enjoyed Sakamoto's stylish actions, there were few including myself who felt uneasy with that bizarre movement.. . After successful her first full-length comics, she tried a different genre and a bit surprisingly it was suspense/mystery. And weird poses drawn by her were perfect match to twins hiding from their step-parent, such as crawling under the floor like in opening. The style is also well used to the villain for causing more tension and stress in the climax.. . It is really unfortunate that ...
Strengths: Villains, Action, Shock factor. Weakness: Middle part of the season. . Strengths:. Villains: If previous season shone thanks to side characters and comedy, this season excelled thanks to villains. We finally learn about Geto's past and motives. We get to see more about main curses, and out of them Mahito really exceeds himself; on top of that, there's an introduced of new villain, who seems pretty interesting/important. We get to see Sukuna's action too. So, if you have been waiting to see something more from villains, you won't be disappointed in this season.. . Action: Tons of fights occur through out the season, both in flashback and ...
Breathtaking, movingly written, and sweeping reimagining of the epic story. As a fan of the original series, I was very intrigued to see this along with the new characters, plot lines, and other elements included in this version. While the CGI anime style differs from the traditional 2D in the first series, it is nevertheless visually enveloping and awesome to immerse yourself in. The well-rounded complexities of every character was richly conveyed and touched me just as deeply as in the first anime adaptation, albeit on a deeper level. Though not as comical as the former, it has a lot of heart and feels to ...
To those of you wondering what this is, its just a compilation of chibi skits. Each skit is around 1 min 30, and it usually follows this pattern: Maomao and Jinshi run into each other, they banter a little, maomao gives us a fun trivia fact, they proceed to banter more and the skit ends. The skits are fun and short, and the interactions between Maomao and Jinshi are very comedic and lighthearted. I'd say these skits are very comparable to the Frieren skits (which are also airing right now). Low budget, dumb fun. If you're a fan of Apothecary Diaries and you want to ...
Japanese anime porn industry is know for its perverted content - SA, poop, pee, minors, pedophilia, incest, etc. The likelihood of finding a decent hentai to pleasure yourself to is minimal.. . This one, though. This is some good stuff. Delivery Chi*ko wo Tanomitai Oneesan is an actually good watch, that won't leave you guilty for finishing to. As a girl, who hates sexism and SA and everything bad in real life and anime, I LOVE IT!!! (Cause there is none of those bad things, he even used a condom, and asked for consent, even though he was literally PURCHASED). . I recommend this hentai to all the ...
This is one of the greatest anime adaptations in history. The animation, the direction, the vision. Everything here is top-notch. Even though there were flaws, it is obvious that there will be flaws. No flawed being has made anything truly flawless, and what is more flawed than a human? I sincerely believe there will be a long time before anybody makes as good an adaptation as this season. I honestly don't think the animation team could top it with the next season, the Culling Games, but we will see. I'm excited anyway! Big thank you to all the people that made this happen and I ...
As someone who never wrote a review and certainly didn't expect I ever would, this anime really pushed me so far to write it, I am not only doing this for 3 season, but rather for whole series, and to say the least IT WAS AWESOME.. . I watched whole series of 3 seasons in less then 3 whole days, I really liked it, the emotions,expressions,characters,their development,conversations,thinking,actions,everything had a massive impact on me as a watcher/viewer I kinda felt like I was next to them the whole time, hearing them, watching them, everything, the show really showed what it was supposed to, My Teen Romantic Comedy, and ...
Otokojuku is a classic in Manime , its a shame the anime ended early , this show is manly and over the top , what do not expect much in plot , or in characters thanks to its short length, pros the characters and animation , cons the short list of episodes , and characters who let just say don't keeping being dead , the manga is a big recommendation from me , this is still a worth watching anime. Unique battles , and manly Fist of the North Star like Writing , Otokojuku is a good manga with a anime that ...
This is truly a masterpiece. Before watching, i had the thought that this show is just some ninja rip off, but I decided to watch Jujutsu Kaisen when there was like five episodes of season two, because the hype it gets everywhere, from my friends to the internet. Andseason two really proved that i was absolutely wrong. First of all, the music was done well, nothing to complain. I personally love the second opening of this season. Everything was great!. Secondly, the story. Truly, i don't have any problem with it, really interesting with good characters. I thought the MC was somehow neglected, but the recent ep ...
Simply put: this season showed me how much I don’t know about this complex universe.. . Season 1 for me was a phenomenal shonen action with a lot of coolness and some weirdness.. . This new arc tho, completely changed that. I was surprised with the sudden amount of information loading. I have to be honest I was confused, and the dope action compensated a lot. It took me time to digest and go back to get down the basics of this curse energy universe. After that I started to understand the show more.. . With that, I started to see how the evil plan progressed, and became more invested ...
The issue with Rumihiko Takahashi’s works is that it’s only going to be a matter of time before the latest entry resembles what has come before and in Ranma 1/2’s case a good fight is fought which lasts around fifteen episodes before it devolves into another version of Urusei Yatsura. From there, it’s the standard episodic fare featuring slapstick as the main form of humour and bickering as its main source of dialogue. I’d suggest you’d watch the first eighteen or so episodes since they’re pretty consistently good, and then look up some episode guide somewhere if you’re still interested. There’s no pull to the ...
Ping Pong is about ping pong. Sets up three ping pong players to follow through the show: Peco, Smile and China. Peco is ass; his friend Smile is way better, catching the eye of the school’s ping pong coach Butterfly Joe, who sees something of himself in Smile, and wants to bring out the best in him. Various intersecting character motivations run into one another as a result, all culminating in essentially one question: “Why do I play ping pong?” China plays ping pong to get back to China, Dragon plays ping pong to not lose. Smile isn’t sure. The story’s journey is essentially everyone ...
I cannot believe this show pulled it off.. . What starts as a creepy-comedy quickly devolves into ridiculous seriousness, and then into the completely deranged. There are moments of abject horror, and in the same episodes, sometimes even the same scene, there's gut-busting hilarity. With so many conflicting tones, you'd expect Migi & Dali to become a sloppy mess, but by the end it somehow manages to accomplish a perfect symphony of the absurd.. . It has genuine heartbreak, intriguing mystery, and a cast of wholesome and terrifying characters all wrapped up in its quirky little package. No amount of intricate analysis or review will be able to ...
Chainsaw Man did for me everything Jujutsu Kaisen fails to do, even today with it's Shibuya Incident arc.. . CSM doesn't rely on willpower, the power of friendship, or Chi to give it's characters fighting abilities and reasons to win. It's just kinda silly and disturbing at the same time. Visually, far more interesting than most modern shounens because sometimes, less is more.. . I don't even know WHY I liked CSM so much, only that I rewatched it immediately when the dub came out and I think I had even more fun than the first viewing. The slow pace artistic directorial choice is by far my ...
Parece ser uma obra verdadeiramente impressionante do início ao fim - e ela realmente é. A beleza da animação é notável, cativando demais, A atenção aos detalhes e a qualidade da animação contribuem para criar um mundo visualmente envolvente. O desenvolvimento do casal é outro ponto forte da obra. A forma como Kaoru e a Hanashiro lidam com seus desafios individuais, enquanto exploram juntos os mistérios do túnel, adiciona uma camada emocional e humana à trama.. . A química entre os personagens é palpável, e os espectadores são levados a torcer pelo sucesso dessee casal - o que eu mesmo fiz, principalmente no final quando eles estão ...
This anime completely blindsided me. On the surface, Stardust Telepath might just seem like your typical CGDCT anime, but for me, this anime means a lot. What makes this the most underrated anime of this season (and the year) has to be the character dynamics. To be completely honest, all four main characters on their own probably wouldn’t stand on their own narratively speaking without the relationships with each other. Umika Konohoshi is an overly shy and introverted character who struggles to interact with literally anyone, but despite this, has big and literal otherworldly dreams that she wants to accomplish. I’d say that every other ...
Look, you get it or you don't on this one. Recommended watching method is throwing on one or two episodes at a time, extra points if inebriated. I actually preferred the dub on this one, the voices honestly work really well, especially for characters like Chiyo and Osaka, but the sub is fine as well. Much of the humor in this show is running gags and a clever use of long pauses with no audio and some of the dumbest, most pointless conversations put to script. And yet it just kinda works, maybe it's nostalgia, maybe my brain is fried, but it just works. ...
Jingai-san no Yome Is a wonderfully weird and wholesome anime with a boatload of sugar and a healthy serving of subtle comedy. The interactions between the characters are positively adorable, with the “wives” blushing and getting flustered constantly. The adorable(?) husbands are almost like little pets! An extremely casual anime with not a lot going on, it’s a nice show you can watch while multitasking. Would recommend highly to anyone who likes cute flustered boys and sometimes adorable humanoid husband/pet/mascots!. . The art is phenomenal, with super cute designs. The style suits exactly what it needs to be. Our main character is a shy yet loveable ...
Dr. Stone: New World Part 2 was a great continuation from the previous seasons, it had moments of insane tension, moments of great worldbuilding, moments of really nice character moments and so much more. I really like the direction this show has taken as it's gone on, the change in pacing compliments this as well with how much broader the story has become and this season certainly went even further than before in this regard, stuff's getting seriously crazy now and I'm all for it. I really did enjoy how much progression there was this season, loads of things were answered and characters really had ...
I will never get the expectations thrust upon this show from some of the other reviewers. Not only that, the information in their "reviews" seem to have a certain bias that has nothing to do with the show, the content, or it's overall quality. It's almost like if this show didn't exist, a better one made specifically for them would replace it and they're mad because of this. They are hate-reviewing and spouting unfounded allegations for no reason whatsoever.. . That said, here's an honest review from someone who enjoyed the show but admits it's not perfect. This was a passion project and nothing more. Sometimes they ...
A Girl & Her Guard Dog is probably the lowest scoring MAL rated anime I have ever watched. Does it deserve to be the lowest scoring anime, short answer, definitely not. I fundamentally believe people do not read the synopsis of the anime. It's pretty clear if this anime is for you or not. It's about the relationship between a 15 year old girl and a 26 year old guy and there relationship does progress romantically through the series. Now is it weird to like this anime, maybe. If this was live action I would have never have watched this as I would have been ...
Kimi no Koto ga Daidaidaidaidaisuki na 100-nin no Kanojo was a surprisingly great show, immediately with a premise like this I was hoping this show would lean heavily into the parody aspect and I was so happy when I found it did. I always hold OresSuki as the gold standard of harem parody and this show is certainly the closest I've found to that which is a huge compliment. Consistently the humour was great and as each new character was introduced they all brought something new to the table which honestly surprised me, the main issuse I thought this show would have is that it'd ...
I feel strongly that this is one of the coziest anime's that I've had the pleasure in watching. The story follows Frieren in her journey to understand life and its meaning in a very 'Tolkien of the east' type of way. The only difference here is that there is no end-of-the-world plot device at play, no mythical item to be found or boss to be defeated. How this anime will be remembered largely hinges on if they can find a landing that resonates with the viewers. I feel the one central question this anime tries to examine is, "What is life all about?". . The show begins ...
There's only a few anime that even comes close to this one. It's a masterpiece of storytelling and it's a masterpiece of the family dynamics, I think, of a mentally unstable family. This anime has it all. Laughs, drama, sad parts, it is just a masterpiece. And I don't say that enough. It is so good.. . When I first watched it, I was like, "okay... Bit boring?", as the episodes grew, I started to like it, and by the end, I loved it. It's just a masterpiece. A really good send off to the manga creator in my opinion.. . I loved it. 10/10, recommend it ...
This is my personal favorite Christmas movie, I watch it every year as a tradition now! This is just more Initial D, if you like that, then definitely watch it! The races are great, and have the same Initial D flair as always! The art style and animation are obviously a bit outdated, but I personally like it. I think it makes it more charming. I personally feel that Initial Ds characters seem boring to a lot of people because they're realistic. Normally they just go about their usual lives, and Takumi occasionally gets involved with a new street racer that challenges him. You don't ...
tl;dr: An anime that manages to keep the viewers interest through breadth but feels seriously lacking in any depth.. . This anime is an isekai where the protagonist, Rimuru, gets reincarnated as an overpowered slime and goes on to build a nation, the Jura Tempest Federation. Over the course of this, he gets involved with a lot of different stories. The sheer variety to these stories and how fast things move keeps things pretty interesting and entertaining for the most part. However, the pacing also results in it not really spending all that much time on any one thing. As a result, it doesn’t really feel like ...
There’s a reason Jujutsu Kaisen’s influence is exerted all over media like Twitter, Tiktok, and even Fortnite? Mappa has created an amazing, if not better, season that delivers an arc shounen fans have long awaited to see.. The season flawlessly executes a conventional and easy-to-follow storyline with superb animation, intense fight scenes, and harsh adversaries. The first three episodes are flashbacks that provide valuable context for the antagonist’s origins, and watching the movie also helps give insight to Gojou and Getou’s past relationship. Furthermore, none of the episodes felt unnecessary or drawn out.. Plot holes, a confusing storyline, and boring scenes/characters, were amongst issues I ...
Ron Kamonohashi’s Forbidden Deductions is pretty fun. I don’t have too much to say about this season other than it’s a fun buddy cop mystery anime. The dynamic between Totomaru Isshiki and Ron Kamonohashi is a lot of fun to watch and the mysteries that these two solve are engaging and always keep me invested every week. I really like how each new mystery in this season introduces an entirely new set of side characters which helps keep the interactions between the two main characters and the rest of the supporting cast fresh and exciting. This anime also introduces an overarching plotline involving some secret ...
Dokaben, a great journey. The series is based on one of the longest manga ever that only concluded few years ago, so this anime is only covering the start of the start of the story.. . The story follows Tarou Yamada and his team as they fight in the High School baseball championships. There isnt much happening in the story other than the games and the focus is always on the team vs the rivals. That might sound familiar position as its kind of similar that was presented in another series Kyojin no Hoshi, however unlike Kyojin no Hoshi this series is more about the team as ...
Jujutsu Kaisen a standout in the world of Shonen captivated audiences and concluded its first season leaving fans eagerly waiting for the next season. As season 2 unfolded, it brought forth a mix of anticipation and scrutiny paving the way for a nuanced exploration in this review.. . Season 1 of Jujutsu Kaisen emerged as the most entertaining Shonen with its popularity driven by compelling sorcery battles and its distinct charm. Revisiting a couple of episodes before its 2nd season started airing and then diving into the second season felt akin to reuniting with an old friend. Despite a somewhat generic narrative, the premise of sorcerers working ...
es muy bonito pero el principio lo senti lento un poco bueno l hay que concidiguaerar que es una ova pequeña.. En esta ova podemos ver que la monita de pelo claro es bien inmadura pero el final de el anime fue muy bonito y el final es nuy emocionante yo estaba como correeeeeeeeeeeeeeee pero si esta bien bonito el anime recomendado.. Otra cosa que podemos tomar en cuenta es que el estilo de animacion y dibujo esta muy bonito los tipos de cara que ponen otra cosa tambien es que la chica tiene un mini tallo en su cabeza que eso me parecio bien tierno la ...
" HOW AND WHAT " Is Always being the first sentence past in my mind everytime the plot and mystery kick in,. . Tengoku daimakyo Is Really good in unrealistic and non logistic way ( Which is good ), every episode always serving something different more than most anime would give,. . Every Plot in this anime is well served indirectly, so the feeling when knowing what happen is not as generic as it should be, giving up an applause how well serve it is, what I mean well served indirectly is, the plot doesn't giving us a direct explanation to what happen and always giving more ...
Greatest hits battle-shonen but little lore development. . Ok, the first past arc started out good, well-paced with some decent lore bits to settle in and it kept like this in the Shibuya arc untill it turned out to be a nonsense power-scaling battle show for the fuck of it. So yeah, most episodes were purely made to show climax and fight scenes to power scale even more some characters, kill off some would-be-important-fellas and repeat the cycle.. . The overall picture is good if you're into battle shonen, but I'd really like to see more world building and depth of character development instead of nonstop fights for almost ...
Pyscho Pass Providence is easily up there with the first Pyscho Pass movie in terms of how well written it is, and how it just ties everything together in a neat little bow. All of the questions I had in season 3 and the Season 3 movie were answered here, and there was a lot of cool world building for the japan side of the Pyscho Pass universe. If it's been a while since you've seen Season 3 or any of Pyscho Pass, you are gonna have to do a rewatch to understand what's going on, because this movie kind of just hops right back ...
"Still, your. Words, wishes, and courage. Even now, they are surely. Alive within me". . If you have one person in your life that you care about, I encourage you to watch this anime. If you have lost a loved one, this animation will bring you warmth and tenderness.. . Maybe you will find this anime boring. If so, please put it on your list and watch it again in 5 or 10 years. I am sure that the way you feel about this anime will change depending on the time you have spent in your life.. . One of the best animes I have ever watched.
Straight up. Main Character Frieren, passes vibe check.. . Although at first she don't seem it, she is Thoughtful, Humble, Goofy, Chill, and more.. (badass too).. More can be said about the anime, but I won't go into detail about that.. It's current rating being #1 of 12-28-2023, speaks for itself. Opposite of hype. It's mellow af in a suprisingly verrry hard to describe good way.. . I almost dodged this anime because Frieren seem like a dry written character. OH how wrong I was.. . That's all I gotta say about it and all you need to know to give it a try, you will be in for a ...
ever just looked across a misty shoreline, gazed over beyond the horizon and said to yourself, what if?. there you go.. . this show is amazing, if you need to forget about your life just watch this instead and pretend it dosent exist. . probably watch the first season first though, might get a bit confusing, or not who cares it dosent really matter. . how many anime go back after finishing the show though, this is the first one ive seen that they thought it wasent done and im glad they did because this is a dream show come true. . what more can i say, what more, stop asking ...
16bit Sensation: Another Layer is a series that didn't lift much dust when it was being released. One of the reasons is the fact that it was among two highly awaited shows in Fall 2023: Sousou no Frieren and Kusuriya no Hitorigoto. Also, the manga wasn't famous enough to bring some mainstream hype. Which is a shame, since this series was one of my favorites from the season with all its good points and flaws.. . 16bit tells the story of Akisato Konoha, a 19 year old illustrator who works at Blue Bell - a game company that focus only on the trends of the market. ...
Failure. Perpetual, painful failure. The same process again and again, the same unwanted result. Can fate actually be changed?. . Steins;Gate focuses on one man's battle against the world and all logic known to humans. "Mad Scientist" Okabe Rintarou, AKA Hououin Kyouma, an eccentric, seemingly paranoid delusional 18-year-old scientist who, unexpectedly, creates a time machine that allows him to send phone messages back into the past. From this premise, the entire story of Steins;Gate begins unraveling, and so the questions start: is it ok to change the past? how many times would you do it? why? and what would you do if the results from it were ...
ONE OF THE BEST ARCS EVER IN SHONEN!. . As a manga reader of JJK I was curious to see how MAPPA will adapt this well-acclaimed arc But oh my word they made an 'absolute masterclass' of an adaptation.. . Season 2 of JJK takes a step ahead of the shonen genre because not only it incorporates all the Shonen tropes you would recognise in battle stories; instead it gracefully deconstructs and puts a spin on them.. . STORY: 9/10. . This is the department that JJK improves in greatly. The storytelling in this arc was next to one because if we look back to Season 1 Episode 6 it greatly foreshadows when ...
As someone who loves Pokémon but has never really commited to watching the entire series, I randomly decided to watch this after seeing it on Netflix and it was a cute little surprise for sure.. I have no idea what sort of technique they used for making this but it seems to reminds me of that Old Pingu cartoon or stopmotion animations. The idea is really creative and no doubt a lot of effort went into this. It certainly looks and feels so refreshing that the Pokémon almost pop out of the screen lol. The world looks so beautiful yet you can tell it's made of ...
This is one gem of a slice-of-life family anime. It focuses on the daily lives and interpersonal relations of 23 years old Hayato, 12 years old Mikoto and Minato, and six years old Gakuto Yuzuki who had lost their parents two years ago.. Now, the show has very good writing. The stories are clear to understand and follow. The characters are very easy to differentiate from one other, the side characters are very appropriately placed. The four boys are their own people but also form a coherent family structure and that is hard to arrange. Gakuto is an amazing character, and, the others are very ...
This show has never looked better. Yes, people have complained about certain choices with how they animated specific fights and some scenes show the strain the animators were under, but on the whole, this is unimpeachably excellent from where I’m sitting. The sakuga is just next level.. . As for the narrative, that’s where things get dicier. The entirety of the Hidden Inventory Arc is still my favorite part of this season, and Suguru Getou’s character arc is among the most outstanding of the year. It also made me appreciate Gojo’s arc a great deal more, albeit to a lesser extent.. . As soon as we get into Shibuya, ...
*** This review contains spoilers ***. Review in English and Spanish – Below is the same review in Spanish. . Well, the second season of Jujutsu Kaisen is divided into two arcs: Hidden Inventory and the Shibuya arc. I read these two arcs in the manga years ago, and they are among my favorites in all of JJK. In general, they are some of my favorite arcs. When they announced this season, it was what I was looking forward to the most out of all the anime. I'm going to comment, analyze, share my opinions, and several other things that I'm not sure if I can mention ...
JJK 2nd season is finished. After reading some reviews I am simply shocked, that many people are probably watching different anime than me. Whether it's the issue with animation, story or entire MAPPA-thing issue. I will try to somehow sort parts of the 2nd season and evaluate, what is truly good and wrong regarding some level of quality in JJK universe, not because of few Tweets.... . Hidden inventory arc (ep 1-5):. This is some kind of prequel and addition towards the watcher so he knows some relationships around Gojo and his past. Essentially this part is important to fully enjoy the rest of the anime as characters ...
Overview:. "A Certain Scientific Accelerator" is the second spin-off of the science-fantasy series "A Certain Magical Index", the first being "A Certain Scientific Railgun". As the name implies, it focuses on Accelerator, the resident anti-hero of "Index" and the top-ranked esper in Academy City. While in terms of visuals and sound design, "Accelerator" is just as impressive as its parent series "Index" and sister series "Railgun", it unfortunately falls a little short in the areas that truly matter, though it's still well worth watching, especially if you're an Accelerator fan.. . Story (8/10):. The series is set some time after episodes 18 and 19 of "Index", when Accelerator saved ...
Before I begin this review, I have a confession to make. After Episode 18 had aired, I felt honored as my home country was mentioned in the anime while also slightly amused by the idea the author included it. Hearing 2 different VAs having a vacation in a different country other than the usually portrayed countries like the US, Italy, France, or anything else is weirdly soothing. And yes, this is where I admit that I am a Malaysian. Witness the honored one.. . It's been difficult to approach Jujutsu Kaisen Season 2 with an objective mind, given how it was produced with extremely tight scheduling (only ...
Dr. Stone: New World marks an impressive continuation of the Dr. Stone series, seamlessly blending science, survival, and adventure. The anime's captivating characters and intricate plot twists ensured an engaging and thoroughly enjoyable experience throughout.. . Amidst the marvel of modern gadgets, it's easy to overlook the millennia of human ingenuity that propelled us from the stone age to the internet age. Dr. Stone stands out by taking a moment to celebrate the humanity behind the technology, a quality often missed in other sci-fi shows.. . The third season embraced a new genre with a tense spy thriller arc in its first half, providing both scientific breakthroughs and emotional ...
If you enjoy being unsettled, these twins can provide that in spades.. Having seen Nami Sano's more popular comedy, I was expecting something along a similar thread. Instead, what we get is a murder mystery with a healthy dose of bizarre magical realism. In the best case, morbid curiosity will keep you latched on to this narrative. At worst, you will have had enough within the first half of it's runtime. However, I would encourage those of the latter persuasion to stick with it. The outcome of the story will make the squeamish journey worthwhile.. As Nami Sano's final work, it certainly deserves the audience's time, and ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (7). The story is about a ninja who's popular since there is a murder case of a military army got killed by a katana. Their assumption is that the culprit must be a ninja. The main character is a man who's actually a ninja and he has to live normally like a normal person. But it's really hard to do since a lot of events are occurring and He has to fight. That's how his journey begins.. . Art (6). The art in this anime is fine! I like the color they were used to make this anime. But I ...
This season of Goblin Slayer was about what I expected – a series of adventures centered around killing goblins. It feels like you’re watching a D&D campaign, but with only the good parts shown.. . There was some more focus on certain characters and their hopes, dreams, fears and so on this season. It was an alright change of pace. That said, each character is still as stereotypical as before and I don’t mean that in a bad way. It’s just that to make the series work everyone has a very strong, somewhat simple, identity. Again – not too dissimilar to how some people roleplay their ...
This season was in my opinion the best of the three, it finally gave us this satisfaction of an ending with a possibility of a return. Great fights all around in my opinion and a few WTF moments that had me very exited. Talking about angry the dark horse. Very interesting stuff.. . I love the character design unfortunately you know important characters appart nearly instantly, I would of loved it if there were more normal looking dudes but it wasn't that important to me.. . Was very close to a 9/10 but I think kisakis reason for doing what he did was trash, a better excuse ...
I can’t believe the majority of people will not watch this masterpiece just because « It does not follow the manga ». Seriously, it’s my favorite anime alongside Brotherhood !. . The story does not follow the manga in its second half but it offers some good alternatives ! The origins of the homonculi is different than the original and it’s GOOD, the ost is beautiful, especially Bratja, the pace is slower but for developing the characters the tone is way much darker and the ending is bittersweet. If Brotherhood is centered around battles, 2003 centers around the characters. For example, Edward and Alphonse have much more small moments ...
My fav anime of all time (alongside the 2003 version). Even if you not are an anime fan, you will love it. The characters, the OSTs, the world building, the artstyle, the plot twists, the animation, the story, the camera mouvements, the ending, all are almost perfect. It deserves all of the attention it has.. . Edward and Alphonse are amazing protagonists as well as the other characters, the world of Amestris is extremely well developed, the animation has aged very well, the openings are incredible as well for the endings, and the ending of the story is just beautiful.. . Watch it if you haven’t, you will ...
Please, make a new season for this anime!! This anime is just wonderful!! It's an anime with a lot of romance, comedy, and drama, deserving at least an 8 rating. It's certainly one of the best romance anime of the year.. . Please, give this anime a chance. For those who are going to watch the anime, you need to stay at least until the episode 3. After episode 3, the plot starts to unfold. And no, if you just read the synopsis, Runa is not a b****!! She is actually a LOVELY GIRL and you will definitely sympathize with her. Throughout the story, the couple ...
Zom 100: Bucket List of the Dead is a tightly paced, well-directed comedy anime with a fun and energetic cast of characters. All the episodes are beautifully animated and are directed with a fast, energetic style, similar to if Edgar Wright were to direct an anime. However, what really brings this show to life are the charismatic cast of main characters. Each of the characters has their own motivations and dreams that they are constantly aiming to accomplish, which goes along with the theme of the show, which is to follow your dreams and do what you really want. The characters all have great personalities ...
I'll keep this one short (especially relative to the absolute MONSTER of a review I left for season 1!) because most of what I have to say applies to both season 1 and Träumend.. . I appreciate the effort to make this anime a little more serious in tone, and the sincerity of that effort. I like that certain obvious questions we had about the nature of the dolls was answered in a sensitive and fulfilling way (trying to be vague here to avoid spoilers!).. . What I don't like is the end. It was rushed and unfulfilling. It really felt like the writers had written themselves into a ...
This is my very first MAL review. I've had this account for years, but this anime left SUCH an impact on me that it made me break my silence. I hope that impresses upon you, dear reader, how much I adore Rozen Maiden. I apologize if this is too personal, but this anime just hit so close to home, I had no choice but to make it personal. If you want to skip what basically turned into my life story (again, Rozen Maiden is VERY personal to me...), skip to the tl;dr at the end.. . *sigh* Okay. Here goes!. . I've wanted to watch Rozen Maiden ever since ...
Steins;Gate, a cerebral masterpiece at a resounding 9, man. Its intricate exploration of time travel, combined with the quirky ensemble of characters, creates a narrative that's both intellectually stimulating and emotionally resonant. The meticulous attention to detail in the plot intricacies and character arcs showcases a level of storytelling finesse rarely seen. The anime's gradual buildup of tension and suspense is a testament to its pacing, culminating in a thrilling and satisfying resolution that ties up all loose ends. The animation style complements the narrative, enhancing the atmosphere and capturing the essence of the psychological and scientific themes explored. Steins;Gate's ability to balance humor, drama, ...
Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood, a compelling 8, man. The alchemical universe crafted in this anime is both intricate and fascinating, delving into profound concepts. The characters, from the Elric brothers to the Homunculi, undergo substantial development, weaving a complex narrative. Despite occasional pacing hiccups, the series manages to deliver poignant moments that resonate emotionally. The moral dilemmas explored add depth, challenging viewers to ponder the consequences of actions. The animation is consistently high quality, bringing the action sequences and dramatic moments to life with visual flair. The intricate plot twists and turns keep the audience engaged, and the strategic balance between humor and gravitas is well-executed. ...
On the face of it, 16bit is a loose adaptation of a doujin manga from Wakaki of TWGOK that was originally about making bishoujo-ge in the 90s with the anime adaptation having a time travel element to I guess ease viewers into the world. In the middle of it all, suddenly you get aliens and the whole thing starts becoming fully anime original and pretty batshit crazy without much of a satisfying resolution.. . Still, despite this, I still enjoyed the show quite a lot. I enjoy VNs a lot and have fond memories of Akiba from the past, and seeing that kind of passion translate so ...
(Consider this a combined review of Code Geass Season 1 + Season 2, as I wrote this shortly after watching both in 2023. If you're interested in knowing if it holds up to modern titles, I hope you find this helpful.). . =====Introduction=====. Code Geass is quite an iconic series, deemed a masterpiece by many. In terms of popularity, it rivals great anime shows like Death Note & Attack on Titan. I didn't watch this series for a long time since the synopsis didn't sound interesting. The concept of a large-scale war probably hinging on fragile world politics was not on my general radar of interest. However, I ...
Goofy, ridiculous, and delightfully fun. Exceptionally horny show, but also pretty oddly wholesome at times. It's just kind of very sweet and I enjoyed it a lot.. It's pretty unique though it does follow some tropes, especially the harem ones. Art style fit the story. Good for the medium. The characters could use some work in some cases, but all the same, it didn't grate on the nerves, nor was it noticeable. High quality popcorn TV, I'd say.. Others may not like the series, due to how flat a few characters are, but if one goes in with no to low expectations, it is quite ...
10/10 - good show, this shit like Zombieland (2009), if you like Zombieland watch this show. . This show gets a 10/10 because it does everything I expect a High School of the Dead clone to basically do. It's a simple premise but that's the charm of it. Even though the studio had issues with production delays and deadline/postponed episodes, they still nailed it out of the park with this one!!!. . Everyone complaining about this show is asking for a Walking Dead clone written by Martin Scorsese himself and don't know how to appreciate light hearted shows - like this shit got Dead Rising combo weapons, psychopath bosses, ...
Displayed in a style that would be something like Groundhog Day, or even Happy Death Day, Link Click is a fantastic anime regarding two young detectives solving, originally, smaller problems of people's for hire with their hidden abilities of one being able to enter a photograph, taking over someone's body for information, while the other guides, and views the timeline. Things eventually go into more serious territory with higher crimes, cases, and even murders. I absolutely loved the series, what with it's storytelling, excellent characters. insane plot twists, and the emotional baggage it leaves on you.. . The other thing that the anime is not afraid ...
The Sailor Moon reboot has been a decade-long bumpy ride. From an uninspired start with Sailor Moon Crystal Seasons 1-2, where the adaptation actually tarnished the source material by omitting most humane interactions of its cast and opting for an endless amount of ugly looking melodrama, to an amazing improvement on Season 3, which felt like watching an anime again and more often than not updated certain elements of the manga, to Sailor Moon Eternal that, as confusingly condensed as it was at times, brought back some charm and wit, to Sailor Moon Cosmos, which is by far the best addition to this incarnation of ...
Absolutely hilarious, adorable, and heartwarming. I would highly recommend to anyone looking for a short little video to brighten their day a little bit (Can be found on YouTube). The art style is simple and sweet, the music is somewhat catchy and the singing is fun, and the storyline/plot is actually pretty funny. I mean, it’s a 3 minute animated video on YouTube, you might as well check it out if you got nothing better to do, seeing as how it won’t take up that much time (only being 3 minutes). Idk at this point I’m just rambling to get the word limit in for ...
Have you ever seen an anime that seemed to change tone or genre abruptly? Have you ever seen an anime that wasn't well thought out, or felt like it didn't know what it was? Have you ever felt pent up and just needed to blow off some steam?. . Yea, Ishuzoku Reviewers is nothing like any of that.. . It starts light hearted, it ends light hearted, takes nothing too seriously, and it's a show that knows what it's about, and is committed to it's brand.... . *And I respect that*. . I'll grant that if the horni isn't your brand of enjoyment, or if you're predisposed to taking it too seriously, that ...
The God of High School is a South Korean manhwa released as a webtoon and illustrated by Yongje Park. While receiving a mobile game adaptation and an ONA short attached to said mobile game, it eventually got a proper television adaptation animated by MAPPA that aired from July to September 2020.. . The plot is about as straight-forward as you can expect it to be with that kind of title. The God of High School is a South Korean national martial arts tournament in which high school students from all around the country participate. The rules and limitations of the tournament are pretty daft and ridiculous, but ...
A truly beautiful film brought to us by CoMix Wave Films, the studio that has produced every single one of Makoto Shinkai's works.. . If you liked Your Name, you are highly likely to enjoy this one, too, though perhaps not as much. It is a nice story, but I didn't find it as compelling. That said, I believe it's supposed to be part of the same universe as Your Name? A sequel, perhaps? I'm saying this because I'm pretty sure the two leads from Your Name make cameo appearances here.. . I could sit here for hours and gush about the visuals, but that's something we've come to ...
If you were looking for an anime version of Mr. and Mrs. Smith with less action and a whole lot more comedy and wholesomeness, this is the answer to your prayers.. . The universe presented by Spy x Family is a fictional one with fictional countries, but nonetheless very similar to out own. I would place it somewhere in the 60s or 70s, but with the occasional anachronistic gadget or technology for the sake of the narrative. We are informed early on that this is a world that has just freshly overcome the age of wars and bloodshed and is now held in a precarious balance by ...
Produced by studio CloverWorks with even more visual appeal and care than Bunny-Girl Senpai, My Dress-Up Darling is one of the most wholesome shows I have seen in a very long time.. . Our protagonist, Gojou Wakana, is an introverted loser who spends his time perfecting his craft of making hina dolls. Know those creepy-looking Japanese dolls with the white faces and fat cheeks? Yeah, those. It's a bizarre thing to be obsessed with, Gojou is self-aware of this, and even some of the surrounding cast explicitly shits on Gojou for having a cringeworthy hobby and professional aspiration, and yet Fukuda Shinichi, the author of the manga, ...
Making good lightweight entertainment is actually a pretty tough balancing act. On the one hand, you can’t go ham on suspense and drama and give your audience an aneurysm with constant tension all the time by incessantly keeping them on the edge of their seats like a Kuroko no Basket match. No, the conflict has to be simple, laid back, and not all-too-dramatic, just warm and pleasant, not unlike a summer breeze.. . That said, conflict does have to exist. You need drama to tell a story. If you make that conflict too easy to resolve and forego tension entirely, then the story loses all meaning. It’s ...
To fans of the isekai power-fantasy genre, Skeleton Knight will be an enjoyable 4 hours. Many call it a simple Overlord copy, and the reasons are not difficult to see. I had a hard time distinguishing the protagonist, Arc, from Ainz. That said, I feel a more apt description would be as a hybrid between Overlord and How Not to Summon a Demon Lord.. . There is perhaps a warning to be given about the portrayal of attempted sexual violence. The show literally opens with one of the most explicit and real-feeling scenes of attempted rape I've ever seen in a modern TV production. That being said, ...
I love this lol Its so cute the characters are likeable.. most of them anyways. and i just like the style. Plus i don't see girl mcs often enough. This is a good anime to watch with family too. Occasional inappropriate jokes but its not nearly as bad as othersT-T The mc is ridiculously smart and I love watching her interact with the other side characters(it usually turns out to be comedic) The characters didnt change too much but its still only half a season so I have high hopes. I have a few small complaints such as how they make freckles an ugly flaw, ...
WHY HAS NO ONE TALKED ABOUT THIS???. When I first watched the trailer, it was like I was finally watching something that was made for me, the target audience. I really liked this anime, it was just so pure and innocent and especially for an adult romance anime. The animation is gorgeous, the characters at times can be bland and boring but there are other characters that do show off pretty colours. The romance part is also nothing particularly new but that doesn't bother me. I do wish there were more episodes and I do so badly want a season 2. I do wish that people ...
Getter Robo: Armageddon or Shin Getter Robo: The Last Day; Change!! Or Getter Robo: The Final Days of the World; or just Shin Getter Robo , is a Super Robot OVA from 90'S it's animation holds up pretty well , the characters are great , Ryoma is the best part , and of course the first episodes were done by a different director than the other episodes , the plot is the invaders alien race plan to control earth but the Getter Gang won't let them , the show is a blast from episode one to the last episode ...
Loved this. Lovely, nuanced, mature, funny, bingtastic...surprised it's not more popular. Admittedly haven't seen much other anime this year, but this show has successfully convinced me as to why I'm a long time anime fan! This was really good.. . If you love 'underdogs rising up and becoming more known and powerful' stories, then this fits the bill. I like a lot of anime/non-anime shows/movies/books that do this. Seeing the main character Maomao, earning more and more respect and a positive reputation and being relied upon by the people around her more and more, going from a no name to someone trusted ...
Toei Animation Getter Robo G , another classic. example of the Anime being better than the manga , the anime is about the Oni like Empire out to kill all the humans , again its a simple mecha plot, a common basic universal rule of mecha , the non humans are the enemy , the show is great , from both music and voice acting , and action sometimes , the animation is still that 70'S janky mess , Toei Getter Robo G , is a good sequel to The Original Getter Robo , bad animation aside, this show is a ...
Toei Getter Robo is pretty Mid if I say so myself , its another Super Robot anime , but now it's can fuse into one Being , it's a run of the Mill Mecha anime , Akira Kamiya is Ryoma Nagare , that is always a plus the show got its place in Mecha anime history , Pros the music and theme song, cons the characters and writing, Toei Animation Getter Robo is a fun watch , not much else its still important for its Gaitai gimmick, the anime is a kid friendly version of the Ken Ishikawa manga its a more ...
tl;dr: An incredibly bizarre but well executed anime that has a very abrupt non-ending.. . Demons lead by a demon king that want to destroy the world is a pretty standard anime trope. Gods that oppose them is also pretty standard. These gods looking down on humans to the point they’re also portrayed as evil also isn’t all that rare of a concept. However, in such cases the plot usually goes in the direction of something like humans fighting against both demons and gods eventually or there being exceptions that are more compassionate to humans. But either way, the value of humanity seems to be a principle ...
This anime is stupid , and it's so fun I like that about it , Mazinkaiser SKL or Mazinkaiser Skull is a wonderful turn ya brain off show , it's so dumb , the action and animation is great , there isn't a plot in this show , it's a fun watch I don't like the lack of plot , I do like the action in it , it's a big recommendation from me , just Do not expect a plot from it , I also like the art style too. It's a shame this is the last Mazinkaiser anything in Animation ...
Mazinger Z infinite was made for Go Nagai 50th Anniversary as a mangaka , the anime is by Toei Animation who did the Original 1972 anime , to be honest it's a good Anniversary anime , the CGI Robots are not my favorite part of the film, and you can tell one of the characters is not a old character of the franchise , pros the characters and action, cons the CGI Robots and the new character you know the one. , watch Shin Mazinger Z first than watch this. It's way better, again Don't like the CGI and don't the lack ...
This is how ya do a animation reboot of a classic super robot anime , this got every , references to other Nagai works , references towards future Mazinger titles , and of course it's well remixes of the Z Mazinger manga by Go Nagai , Pros the animation, characters , and of course the Robots in this is the best part , Cons the show got canceled is the ending is very much a downer ending for a canceled Shin Great Mazinger anime , shame shame , read the Shin Mazinger Zero manga its not the same , but its still ...
Brought to us by studio CloverWorks, The Promised Neverland offers something quasi-unique in anime, genuine horror. Several shows have tried conveying to their audiences an experience that is at least some semblance of terrifying. While some critics have the temerity to call even dime-a-dozen teen action shows such as Elfen Lied and Tokyo Ghoul "horror", there are series that actually go the distance and, at least in theory, do everything right. Though my own personal library of horror anime is by no means extensive, from what I have indeed seen, I believe I can make a case for why the horror of those series' doesn't ...
Mazinkaiser: Deathmatch! General Dark is a semi remake of the original Mazinger Z vs the great General of Darkness Movie by Toei Animation from the 70'S , its a step up in Animation, and character designs, this is also a action pack movie for the Mazinger franchise, it's a shame we shouldn't get a sequel to get a Vs the Emperor of Darkness, pros the animation and Robot designs ( Again ) Cons The need of wanting more , and also this Mazinkaiser Movie doesn't really fit with the Mazinkaiser OVA all that well. . It's a good watch ...
Ah , yeah Mazinkaiser the Super Robot classic , Mazinkaiser was a Super Robot Wars creation infuse with Photon energy and Getter Rays ( C From Getter Robo series of anime ) here its origin as a Phototype of Mazinger Z , a much more powerful Mazinkaiser is a hugely weird concept being the prototype is more powerful than its two successors Mazinger Z and Great Mazinger , but hey its anime , the OVA is huge in action, less on the characters, and that not a bad thing , the Mazinkaiser OVA is a must watch for any Mechahead , ...
After 9 years, Sailor Moon Crystal is finally over. Comparing the beginning of this reboot to the end is almost like night and day. Sailor Moon Cosmos is the second adaptation of the Sailor Stars arc of the manga. It does a much better job at adapting the original storyline of the manga than the 90s anime (that is VASTLY different than the manga). Where Eternal had some issues in regards to the pacing, these movies were paced a lot better (despite being the same length as Eternal as well). While Stars could have easily been a 13-14 episode season and add a lot of ...
Another “Netflix Original” that Netflix had nothing to do with creating, Edgerunners is a collaborative effort between the Polish video game developer, CD Projekt Red, and the Japanese animation studio, Trigger.. . Edgerunners is a loose adaptation of CDPR’s latest video game, Cyberpunk 2077. By that I mean that it has nothing to do with the story of the game, but rather that it is a standalone 10-episode story about a street kid trying to survive in a technology and body modification-obsessed city of the future – CP 2077’s very own Night City. Being the company that created the massively acclaimed Witcher 3 games and prequels, CDPR ...
Best Shoujo base Honey content ever , Cutie Honey Flash or Cutie Honey F is a fantastic 90'S anime with its Sailor Moon art style , and writing, Toei did another pretty good job at keeping the Magical genre alive , ✨ this show is slow , and is also have flashing lights so watch out for that , the Honey character is great here , her Honey Flash really is a Flash , if you know what I mean ,. The show main weakness is the Try and turn Monster of the Week formula, the show is ...
Toei UFO Grendizer the final anime of the Toei Mazinger Trilogy, its not my favorite do to many things , like the ending , this show its another Monster of the Week Mecha anime , about Duke Fleed , and his battle against the Vegan Empire, the show tackles this every episode, and it's the same thing over and over , every new character we see gets killed off in the same episode , pros the music and monster designs again are great , cons the characters gets retired very quickly, this is a classic among mecha anime fans , ...
I won't go into too much detail but there is a lot to say -- most importantly its a great anime which deserves a watch.. Animation is high quality, there is a nuanced and consistent plot, it doesn't take itself too seriously or too flippantly, and I think any of the content is filler or aimless. This show avoids trashy tropes while still being silly, and is generally a quality piece of work. But the real reason I am writing this review is because this is the only anime with a focus on fight scenes that has even a remotely reasonable explanation for character exposition ...
Toei Great Mazinger is a darker follow up of Toei Mazinger Z , its a little weird at first seeing this is a Super Robot show , it's pros are the music and Kaiju designs, its cons are the storyline, and lack of Jobbers , this show is not long , nor is it drags like OG Toei Mazinger Z , this is a worthy sequel towards Z , also the opening is killer too , Its a shame the next show got rid of both Mazingers , Great Mazinger is a good Super Robot Anime , with flaws of its ...
This movie was a planed TV show , that never happen , its a shame too , Ultraman USA is a animated masterpiece in monster designs, and in the animation itself , the characters are lacking in personality, and in Original names , Ultraman Sccot , Chuck , and Ultrawoman Beth ? Well at least their designs look cool , this movie does not have a amazing plot or anything , it's real short too give it a watch if ya like , pros the animation and designs , cons the characters , and the length of the film , ...
Legend of the Galactic Heroes is one of its kind, but if someone forced me at gunpoint to compare it to anything else, I'd say it's "like Game of Thrones, but in space"... which is kinda true, but it doesn't really do it justice. LoGH is really one of its kind. This anime tells the story of the final years of a 150-year struggle between the Galactic Empire and the Free Planets' Alliance. There is no "good side" or "bad side" - both of the aforementioned major teams contain their fair share of sympathetic/heroic characters and despicable/villainous characters, hence the comparison to Game of Thrones. ...
I don't give out 10/10 scores haphazardly. I love harem romance comedies since the old days of Love Hina. However, one big difference between most harem romance comedies is that the Main Character only get's with only one of the girls. The fact that Rentaro(the main character) is actively doing his best to cherish and love all of these girls makes this one of the best harem romcom Animes of all time. That may seem like an overstatement, but there are no words on how much I love harem romcoms. This is going to be a bias review, and I don't care. I love harem ...
This anime is masterful, after the fun, perfectly directed and beautiful pilot. I was really surprised about the amount of work that was given to this series, and it absolutely deserves it.. . Zom 100 is a story about how to live life, how to look at the bright side even when things are at their worst, it's about not giving up, about enjoying everything right until the end and that it is never too late to start following your dreams.. . It might seem cheesy but this show is all but, it is beautiful and it deserves its amazing production values and the attention from anime watchers, I ...
This is a story for people who have been grieving, people who had to see their loved ones grow old and die, people who feel the passage of time around them and who noticed too late that they maybe didn't know all there was to know about their loved ones.. . If any of this applies to you, you will rarely see an anime that understands those feelings as well as Sousou no Frieren.. . While the main plot seems heavy in theory, it is rather lighthearted in execution. We get to see the main character make new friends and connections just as much as we see ...
A pulse-pounding and deeply in depth anime version of the amazing video game series! The style is fantastically smooth and retains the drama and internally-driven grit of the original storyline. The characters were just as intriguing, rich, and complex as in the games and I was very pleased how they were written in the series, really made them all the more interesting. Both emotional and spiritually engrossing aesthetic with an intriguing air of mystery that makes Heroic Journey stories such as this one so resonant.. . A shame it was not renewed for a second season, I really was eager to see the story continue.
What even is the anime industry in 2023? I would say it's like a cocktail with a bunch of mystery flavors. You won't know how it tastes until you try it.. . On the one hand, we have a variety of anime about time travel with virtually no originality and, on the other hand, we have hen- *cough*, please excuse my language. Now imagine combining those two aforementioned "flavors," adding a bit of gaming passion fruit and diluting the mix with some crushed ice to avoid making it too strong. The extravagant, yet tasty, cocktail  you would end up with is 16-bit Sensation: Another Layer; a unique take ...
I gave it a 10/10, but for most people it won't be a 10/10. I had a subjective reason to give it a 10/10, and that reason is that this anime strongly resonated with my passionate love for the culture of Akihabara. I've only been to Akihabara once in my life, but what's more important is that feeling of fascination and wonder about the unopened box of all the anime goods and shows out there that I haven't yet experienced. This feeling is what I call my "love for the culture of Akihabara." Unfortunately, this feeling has died over the years as the global culture ...
Looks like I am the one of the few people to watch this show and probably the only one to watch it recently if the other review dates are anything to go by but that's a shame because this is one of the best shows I've ever seen. I was hesitant to give it a 10/10 but I realized that despite being somewhat low-key Shingu manages to achieve everything it sets out to do and doesn't fumble once even considering the fact that they had to rush the ending. This show is just chill personified, watching it makes me feel like I'm biking around the ...
This anime is a love letter to all visual novel fans out there, bringing us to travel into the sight of the scene when they only started to grow. Without all these predecessors, we won't be able to see big names like Steins;Gate, CLANNAD, Fate/Stay Night and Higurashi no Naku Koro Ni grows into whatever it is today.. Originally a doujin manga only focused on development of such games, the anime brought it a step further to expand the story to the current reality - where visual novel scenes are slowly declining with generic MILF NTR games is dominating and other either closed for good or ...
Spy x Family Season 2 is a rollercoaster of emotions with a somewhat disappointing finale.. . This season skillfully blends humor and character development, taking viewers on a journey through a variety of emotions. The conclusion of a specific arc is commendable, highlighting the series' ability to maintain an engaging narrative.. . The slice-of-life moments are executed well, portraying the characters in entertaining situations that contribute to the family feel of the show. The sound, visuals, and animation, consistently top-notch since the beginning, continue to enhance the overall viewing experience.. . The diverse cast, each with unique skills, contributes to a well-balanced dynamic within the "family." Humor, exemplified by characters like ...
I honestly forgot about this show after Summer, probably in no small effort of the delay that only ended until a few days ago.. . While I do think the delays the show suffered from hindered it's popularity, I won't be using those delays as a con for the inherent qualities of the show, as it doesn't really hold any inherent reason for the quality of the show.. . Being honest though, even if I were to count it as a con it would hardly matter because this is one of the best seasonals to date.. . If there is one word, one theme, that defines this show, it's Freedom. Not ...
The anime version of ReLIFE stays true to the original themes of the manga while condensing the story into a dozen and a half episodes. Watching the characters learn and grow together was a great time, and the anime improved the frustratingly glacial pace of the manga. However, many conflicts from the source material were completely omitted, resulting in a story where several characters, particularly one of the protagonists, feel underdeveloped. Some of the trimmed content may have been more pivotal to the story than the anime production team realized.. . I would still recommend the anime over the manga, especially for its first season. Neither version ...
16 Bit sensation is really a love letter to the visual novel medium, and otaku subculture as a whole. It’s got one of the most loveable MCs of the year, an interesting time travel mechanic, cool historical lessons about game development and is an all around fun time. One of the most underrated shows of the year.. . We often hear people talk about video games being creatively bankrupt and not innovating these days. Some of that is exaggerated, but there’s also a little bit of truth in that. Companies prioritising profits over creativity and being afraid to try new things. Instead opting for more generic and ...
Migi and Dali is strange in a good way and unpredictable.. . It's odd but this was actually not a bad thing because it made it charming and hilarious, and yet, the story still managed to include heartfelt and dramatic moments within it that did not feel out of place.. . The characters are quirky instead of written with recycled tropes thus why it is the kind of series many started off as a joke because of how eccentric the characters are but, unexpectedly they come to enjoy because it is weirdly entertaining. Now I will say, some scenes are kind of disturbing but not because it ...
This is literally the only anime I've watched in my life where:. . a) people of colour outnumber white characters. b) a character has vitiligo. . The show is already noteworthy for those reasons. It's simply refreshing to see something so different. One of the strengths of anime as a medium is its variety. There is an amazing variety of characters, premise, themes, you name it. Yet often, despite stories set in fantastical worlds where the creators have the freedom to make up any characters they want, they can still be lacking in diversity. Quite frankly it can be tiring when an entire cast of characters are the ...
After a long day of work, school, or whatever grind happened, nothing beats turning off your brain and relaxing. Maybe you took a hot bath or shower. After that you cooked a nice meal and are now about to sit down to enjoy the rest of the night. At this point your brain is mush. No more thinking wants to be done. You just want to be cozy and relaxed. Laid-Back Camp is the perfect show to go along with anyone who likes feeling this way.. . If there were ever any days I had stress or anxiety after work ...
16bit Sensation - A celebration of all things Otaku, specifically the Bishoujo a.k.a cute girl theme, based on real-life experiences that truly make it one of, if not the influential "grandfathers" of the AniManga industry that we see today in Japan.. . Truth be told, when was the last Otaku-focused show that we got in anime form? Many would say that it's Summer 2021's Bokutachi no Remake a.k.a Remake Our Life!, or for the veterans in us, 2017's offerings of Fall's Anime-Gataris (which is one of the first Otaku-based shows I've watched since starting anime back in that year, that I still enjoy to this day), with ...
This anime is one big surprise and it's nothing for grumpy people demanding perfection for any cost, even for a cost of creating boring anime.. . The Eminence in Shadow took interesting path. I must say I've been worried about season 2 to be remade into some typical boring isekai. No. This is by no means another generic isekai and I just love how it's chaotic. Entire show is running around 1 OP character - Cid - who is making up things on the run and has luck/enough coincidence to make them real and always figure out a positive outcome for him to shine as some mythical ...
The second season of The Faraway Paladin took me by surprise – it’s much better than the first season.. . I was torn on whether to watch this season or not, considering the first season left me with mixed feelings. The first season started out great but quickly became horribly subpar and so I did not have high expectations going in. However, what we got in this second season was a change of pace and focus that turned The Faraway Paladin into an enjoyable adventure story. The kind of adventure story that makes you think of a tabletop roleplaying game set in a European medieval setting.. . While Will ...
It tells the story of the 20-year-old princess Mia who was sentenced to death and was reborn as a 12-year-old cute loli after being beheaded. To avoid making the same mistakes again, Mia was determined to change the past and try her best to avoid the choice that would lead to the guillotine. This selfish move ended up being praised by everyone, and they all said, "It is truly the wisdom of the empire." It is amazing. Misunderstanding! The highlight of this animation is that Mia often shows various cute expressions and exaggerated facial expressions when facing difficult choices and challenges, which adds a lot ...
this anime took me the longest time i took to complete any anime and i have completed a series like naruto faster than this, this is the perfect example of an anime with an intriguing thriller plot that will need a scratch on the head to fully understand it, the ending was also left open which is exactly how i like it so that it leaves some room for fan theories, overall it is highly recommended from my side.. the story is very unique, almost every one of my theory i made during my watch was proved wrong.. the art style is perfect for the type ...
Approximately 5-6 years ago, some unnamed individual wrote a post on Facebook. It read thusly: “There are no buff wizards in Harry Potter, no gym in Hogwarts, no one does a push up at any point. I could crack Ron Weasley’s spine like a glowstick.” Hajime Koumoto-sensei must have read this one day and thought to himself, yo, hold my magic wand! Every fiber of my being is permeated by the conviction that this is the exact post that inspired him to write Mashle. You cannot change my mind.. . Point and case, that’s literally the concept of the story – a gymbro enters a wizards’ school ...
When I started watching this anime I didnt expect something special, only a romance during the medieval era.. OOoo boy!! I was so wrong! It isn`t just a romance is much more, a slice of life that captivates you interest and it makes you to want more, a drama which makes you look at your life and say "I`m really lucky", a mysterie which you unreveal at the same time with the protagonist.. . The MC is Shaomao or if you want " Mao Mao", She is a girl that grew up in the Red District ( Brothel District) and learned medicin from her father. One they ...
Assassination Classroom is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yuusei Matsui and produced by Shueisha,. . . I love this anime, some people may not but its so good! I would recommend watching this on Animeflix or Hulu because all the episodes are free! And they have all the seasons. . . if you love a little violence, Plot twists, and Scenes that will shock you! This anime is for you will like. I would recommend you not to sleep on any episodes/skip any episodes cause every episode is like connected with each other so you would be absolutely confused.. . . STORY: 9/10. ...
It may seem boring and tempting to drop in the first few episodes but the story gradually unfolds with new interesting plots and links.. . Art style is unique, similar to dororo and its a story without modern conveniences.. It was predictable to a certain extent.. . Characters are mysterious and there was not a lot of background story other the anime reminding that humans toyed with fire and got burnt badly.. . Ending was a cliffhanger that stated will be continued in season 2.. Quite a lot is shown without much details hence the score.. . Definitely a must watch if one doesn't mind the slow and boring start.
*Roundabout decisive steps*. . ~~. . In a world where youth means reckless abandon and the goal is to fill up life with as much drama and romance as much as possible like a resumé, and where stories romanticize the brilliant fires of sweet adolescence to push the thoughts of agony in adulthood behind, Skip and Loafer stood out to be a future-oriented stageplay around the boundaries of high school life while retaining its teenage animation, something that even I as a university student had many things learned and re-learned from.. . The theme of Skip and Loafer is "the steps people take to grow up and live better days", cast ...
This anime is so strong. Zom 100 is an anime about zombies and the end of the world, but instead of an action-oriented shonen, it's actually a slice of life anime that teaches the viewer to appreciate the little things in life. It's pretty great. You grow to love the little gang of misfits as they go on their perilous journey, learning more about themselves then the rest of the world. This anime is just unique and quirky, in that it doesn't focus on the details you would expect a zombie show to focus on.. . The art style isn't necessarily anything to write home about. ...
Adventure anime with an horror twist!. Shinpei returns to an island to attend his childhood friends funeral. Soon it's revealed a strange plague is infecting the islanders where they see a clone of themselves -and soon die.. . Every character is likable and unique. Plot goes on like a train and peaks your interest from the very first minutes until the end.. . I like how they have added horror elements to story so that it's not overly-violent or scary or gore.. . Very similiar to Re-Zero anime but with far more likable characters, a good plot and twists at every turn. Repeat looping or time travelling isn't annoying like ...
Alright boys, first ever review and as someone who just capped off the final season. Idc about your tips for new writers MAL, I'm throwing down my pure unfiltered, slightly censored, thoughts.. . Dark Gathering starts off seeming like your typical horror anime, cowardly guy meets ghost hunter, we get monster of the week fights, and deux ex machina demon hunter barely saves the day. In terms of horror you're not going to find anything too special here, and it's probably aware of that because as you slowly delve and unravel this series, you'll slowly realise what I did, this ain't no horror anime, it's a f**king ...
Out of every anime to air this year, Zom 100 is probably the most vibrant and creative anime of the lot. Unlike typical post-apocalyptic zombie stories, this anime takes this genre in a very unique direction by having the characters trying to make the most of a very bleak situation via their absurd goals and desires, which in this case is a bucket list. This show follows four characters as they travel across a zombie-infested Japan and check off things that they always wanted to do. What makes both the story and the tone of Zom 100 work is by showcasing each character’s depressing everyday ...
I watched this show in the dub, it was really funny. . The dub had a lot of American internet culture weaved into it really nice, western accents, star wars, 2017 slang, and a bunch more.. . The plot is alright, it's a loser virgin guy who gets with a popular "gal" and they pretty much hit it off from the start, a few more characters are added and they each get to have their time or times or shine.. . The animation is mediocre, nothing great but also not noticeably bad.. . The overall background characters are somewhat lacking, there is about 9 characters in the whole show, but seeing as the ...
Normally, if you are caught peeping at school, your punishment would be suspension. At Hachimitsu Academy, you go straight to the school's prison, hence the name of this anime Prison School. When I first heard the name, I found the concept to be very intriguing, and I patiently waited until adulthood to give this anime a try. Prison School's story was indeed, interesting.. . Hachimitsu Academy was normally a girls-only school, and then the rules changed allowing boys to enroll. Only five boys made it in, and they are the main characters. Their names are Kiyoshi, Takehito, Shingo, Joji, and Reiji. As you can easily guess coming ...
This special is pretty good. It's a basically a normal municipality-promoting episode of Jashin-chan, plus a Fist of the North Star parody. The animation is a bit worse than that of X (as is directly pointed out by Jashin-chan at the start of the episode), but the art direction is still attractive. It looks worse than the show, but it's not enough of a downgrade to make the special bad. We get two new songs for the opening and ending, both of which are good, but lack proper visuals.. . We get plenty of Jashin-chan’s typical fourth wall breaking humor, with some references to the Furano situation ...
First of all I want to say that the guy who wrote in the comments section that the anime is not recomended DOES NOT KNOW nothing about how to write and plan a tv show.. . This anime is the perfect feeling of how to corvert a common story in a intriguing and awesome story. The animation, the story, the characters, the soundtracks including OP and ED are very very gooood. You can feel empathy with the situation in each chapter and know more about the rescues and their labor.. . I am very dissaponinter with the score of the anime on MAL. Surely it comes from ...
Contrary to the first season of the film, Gege Akutami as a creator has brought to life probably one of the most enthralling and enticing shows in the past couple of years. Within the space of 2 seasons and 1 movie, he's given life to characters beloved by all, yet, also broken the hearts of a few.. . The show is incredible in all aspects, from character development to fights a-like. It's been my recommendation for quite some time now, yet I still feel bad knowing that people I recommend it to might not take too kindly to the Shibuya Arc.. . All in all. Gege and Mappa combined, ...
Show definitely worth watching even if you are not into slice of life or romance. Story however does suffer from cliches and tropes Japanese love stories are known for. At times simple things will drag on to drum up drama and then nothing will happen but overall it's pretty predictable.. . Biggest issue I had was main character and the way writers developed him. Of course he had to be top-of-the-lung screaming on every emotional reaction. And of course he doesn't make any move other than do what he's told to do. Not only that, but he can't have one girl falling for him, there has to ...
“To play a wrong note is insignificant; to play without passion is inexcusable," is what Beethoven said regarding his music, and I think it could very much be applied to this show, which is so passionately made and so faithfully adapted to the excellent source material with very tasteful additions that I don't know what else I could've asked for besides for more episodes, which we are getting.. . There are many things I would say that hallmark a great anime, and one of the biggest of these is passion and dedication. This anime is one of very few from the long list of anime that ...
What a sweet trip down memory lane. . A sequel to some of the earliest Precure seasons is not something i was ever expecting to get, and yet here we are, watching not only Nozomi and friends of Precure 5, but also Mai and Saki of Splash Star, all grown up with jobs, responsibilities, relationships, and drinks... why is watching your fav childhood characters getting drunk so freaking hilarious??. . Although the writing can be a little cringe at times, and the villain is probably the worst out of all Precure seasons i've seen so far, including character design for the Shadows (they could've at least spared us the ...
Weathering with you is a movie that tries to gaslight me into believing that sea level rise isn't caused by climate change but by magical water fish that live in the clouds. Luckily it also informs me that I can stop it if I pray hard enough.. . The movie is set in a Tokyo faced with a constantly downpour of rain. In this rain swept world, one girl has the power to temporarily disperse the rain clouds around her and uses this ability to help people. This isn't the only storyline however as there's a boy who ran away from home and is trying to ...
***Note: This review is spoiler free!. . The drive to create is scary. Making something means putting it out there for the world to see. Art is, inherently, deeply personal. Everything we create comes from inside of us, and by sharing that with the world, you open not just your work, but, in a way, pieces of yourself up to criticism from the world. Even if people don't mean harm, there will always be someone better than you. Someone more talented than you. Someone who's message means more to more people.. . It's easier, then, to let life guide us. To spend each day living how "everyone else ...
This was definitely one of my favorite animes from 2023. It's difficult to explain in a synopsis; Oshi no Ko is not just an anime about idols as it seems at first sight, but a psychological drama about the entertainment industry. It's an emotional rollercoaster. It features deep and complex characters with inner struggles, great animation and OST, excellent storytelling, awesome character arcs, and thrilling plot twists. Oshi no Ko criticizes the dark side of social networks and the entertainment industry in general. For this, some people have compared it to Satoshi Kon's Perfect Blue, but I think they approach this in different ways. ...
Zom 100 has a really good start, it visually looks cool, and what they do with the colours and the directing seems really unique and well done at first.. After sitting with it a while my impressions did lessen off the show, as its uniqueness wore a way leaving a cheesy but nice feel good adventure. Whilst I would say this show isn't always the best written show, some points in it feel relatively bad, it is always one which I had fun with and could often put a smile on my face due to its feel good nature.. . Zom 100 is ultimately about characters getting the ...
Everything from an adapting standpoint, a creative standpoint, and portraying as an anime standpoint is the best it could get. The adaptation/animation staff not only adapted it but built upon it by using their creativity. This whole series felt like it was made with a lot of passion and it gave a refreshing vibe from its dialogue to its song and music and its eye-pleasingly beautiful color palate just like the story intended. It might have lost its increasing craze because of it being delayed but BUG FILMS gave it the best adaptation treatment possible and I feel grateful they gave an output they could ...
There are two requirements you have to fulfill to understand why I rated this show so highly. 1: You have to have seen a lot of anime romcoms to accustom yourself to anime cringe and be able to tolerate it. 2: You have to know and except that anime romcoms are complete fucking garbage. Once you recognize the inherent flaws of that genre of that medium, you realize that this anime, knows exactly what it’s doing and that it is one of the greatest pieces of satire I have ever seen. It’s so good that many dumbasses don’t even realize that they’re being made fun ...
This was one of my favorites of its core. The characters were cute and earnest. The space theme and wanting to build a rocket was a nice switch up from other similar shows more grounded in reality. It also had a good ending for the amount of story told, though I would love to see another season from it. Of course it's one of those where instead of kisses there are forehead touches but it was still nice to see such genuine love and affection without things getting pervy like in other shoujo ai series. I didn't really have any complaints. I had a good ...
Today the final episode of Tokyo Manji Kai revengers Tenjiuku Hen has aired and we are all at a loss. What will we do for the next few periods of our lives where there is no Peak revengers news?. . Tokyo Revengers has always been a series that has transceded human life and is the epitome of story telling, emotions and writing. There are no such flaws and Tenjiku Hen has proves that statement to be held. Every single episodes of this arc has been better than the previous and we finally get to the jaw dropping moments that shattered through the dimensions of the known universe ...
This was one of my favorite anime of its cour. It was hilarious and heartfelt while also carrying an enormous absurdity factor at times. Each character is very quirky in their own way and while some of these quirks are things to overcome others are just a part of who that character is and the other characters roll with it. Every episode was entertaining and the absurdity factor, while quite high at times, didn't knock me out of the anime by going too over the top. It was also cute in places which was nice.. . If you enjoy weird, quirky characters and comedy with the ...
I wouldn't call Zom 100 as an anime. It was something else for me. Maybe it was a life motto, or maybe a modern society criticism.. . Normally, in an anime, I expect some certain qualities. It may have an exciting and cunning plot which will surprise me. Or it may have at least one very good written character and some serious drama which I can relate. Or if I'm only watching a comedy anime I only expect to laugh without breathing. Usually if I don't see any of those, I don't like the anime. But Zom 100 is somehow different.. . We don't quite have those qualities in ...
The strength of Spy x Family comes from its longer arcs, though the short stories are also enjoyable. Unfortunately for season two, the longest arc was the cruise arc, which like in the manga, had places that felt sluggish and draggy, though the pacing felt a little better in anime form than it did in manga form. That said, I'm not discouraged by this season because I think over all the anime is fairly faithful to the manga and it's still entertaining. I'm looking forward to future seasons that will tackle some of the stronger longer arcs to come.. . I think if you really enjoyed ...
This was a simple anime about grief, coping, and living. The brothers are all doing their best and that comes out in different ways. The supporting cast also has their own issues that get explored to help keep things from feeling monotonous. It was a compelling story in many ways and I looked forward to the episodes each week. That said, I'm not sure this is an anime for everyone though I would say I lean more towards recommend than mixed feelings. It might feel representative to some people and the characters' emotions drive the story forward. However, it was still an enjoyable watch for ...
RECOMMENDED. This is exactly what I expect from this kind of anime: Plot and PLOT. The music is fantastic, the voice acting is amazing, also helps that the voice of the main heroine is one of my favourites I guess xD. This is from the time when this anime were a bit more than fanservice + bunch of boring eres + stupid repetitives jokes... Yes! I'm talking about you To-Love -Ru >.<. . Firsts things firsts, the plot, even if it's not incredible complicated, is compelling and simple enough, lots of waifus fighting in a battle royal with their masters... Nothing amazing but, interesting enough. Second, and incredible ...
It's Death Note! I'm sure everything I'll say here has been said before, literally just because it is Death Note. I have never really considered myself a fan of anime - more so the media I watch and the friends I have just kind of make me, from time to time, gravitate towards watching the odd anime or reading the odd manga - but Death Note so obviously escapes that shell and has just kind of become one of those things an astounding amount of people have some cursory knowledge of. And this is for good reason; the anime takes an incredibly simple concept (What ...
It kind of blows my mind that there’s been such a massive switch up on Spy x Family recently. It’s one of the few massively popular series to me that completely lives up to the hype and deserves the praise. This latest season encompasses everything that’s great about this series and is a must watch. From comedy, cute family moments to some really awesome sakuga, Cloverworks and WIT brought their A-Game to this one!. . I really feel like Spy x Family part 2 cour 2 is the best instalment of the series so far. The cruise arc alone is better than anything we’ve had in this ...
Migi to Dali is truly one of the most bizarre and original anime I’ve ever seen. In an era where it seems like authors can only pump out isekai, it’s cool to see that originality still exists in this medium and the envelope can be pushed to these extremes. This is a must watch for any fans of psychological thrillers or those looking for a fresh watch.. . Admittedly, I was a little on the fence with picking this one up as my workload for the fall seasonals was insane. But I am so glad I did. From the very first episode I was absolutely blown away ...
In an era of increasingly frequent Villainess adaptations, tearmoon is easily one of the best. It’s got one of the more unique premises in the genre and doesn’t take itself too seriously, making for a really funny and relaxing watch.. . Tearmoon Empire is a little different from most villainess stories. Instead of an isekai, we’ve got a time travel/do over style set up inspired by the French Revolution where the MC, Mia, is executed for failing to properly manage her kingdom and gets a second chance at life. She wants to make sure she doesn’t get executed again and her kingdom doesn’t fall into ruin, but ...
Finally, after many years we have a legitimately good horror anime. Dark gathering is one of the best shows of 2023 and a must watch for anyone looking for a dark and genuinely disturbing story.. . When this show got announced, I was a little skeptical as anime just seems like a medium that doesn’t focus too much on horror stuff. Yea, you have Ito Junji’s stuff, but outside of that there’s “another” and a few psychological thrillers and that’s it. For a country that’s produced “The Ring” you’d think this would be a way more popular niche. Fortunately, Dark Gathering breaks the mould and is a ...
As someone who’s been extremely critical of Tokyo Revengers in the past, I have to give credit where it’s due. This was the best season of the show by a very wide margin. Compelling story, cool villain, stakes, emotional moments and some surprisingly cool moments from the MC made it a very fun watch.. . While Tokyo Revengers still isn’t a paradigm of great writing, the author managed to get the storybeats write for this Tenjiku arc. Coming in to this season I’d heard much praise about this being the best arc and I was skeptical, but fans ended up being right here. This was an enjoyable ...
Haikyuu is a sports anime centered around volleyball. The whole premise and story is honestly very simple. We follow "Hinata" on his road to play volleyball. The story isnt lacking anything per se, its just not a complex one. Where i feel haikyuu does shine is in its characters. I've seen countless animes that i personally rate higher that dosen't come close in characters. The way haikyuu gives each character the personality and development, makes the viewer so much more attached to them. This will continue building on in the later seasons and making the attachment greater.. . Animation is great and isnt lack anything. Same can ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (10). The story is the continuation of the 1st season where there is a family but they are not like normal families. One of them a spy, assassin, reads minds and predicts the future. In this 2nd season, you're going to see a lot of new action and stories of them when they are on a mission.. . Art (10). The art in this anime is excellence! I like the color, glow, and shadow they used for this anime. I love how they animated in every scene such as battle, running, etc It's eye-catching and I never get bored to ...
This anime is very good ngl, the power system really interest me although I dont have the problem with 3D animation but I can understand why others may not like it. Now how about the story? for me I think the story is pretty good for an original anime, but it depends on those who watch it, at the start you'll prob get the feelings that its not gonna be good since its 3D but for me its enjoyable and i love how they try to explore more to the world of 3D so its pretty cool. For voice acting I dont really have ...
Summer Time Rendering" follows the story of a young man named Shinpei Ajiro, who returns to his hometown after receiving news of a friend's death. As he investigates the circumstances surrounding the mysterious incident, he discovers that the town is plagued by supernatural occurrences and secrets tied to a traumatic event from their childhood. The series combines elements of mystery, drama, and the supernatural as Shinpei unravels the mysteries of the town and confronts the past.. . For the most accurate and up-to-date summary, I recommend checking official sources, streaming platforms, or reviews that cover the latest episodes or developments in the anime.. . İts realy good anime and ...
Kai Byoui Ramune" is an anime that blends elements of the supernatural with medical themes, featuring a mysterious doctor named Ramune who specializes in curing supernatural illnesses. The episodic nature of the series, with each episode focusing on a different case, allows for a variety of creative and unique scenarios.. . The anime has been both praised and criticized. Some viewers appreciated the imaginative and unconventional approach to medical cases, as well as the exploration of emotional aspects tied to these supernatural illnesses. On the other hand, some criticism was directed towards inconsistent storytelling, varying quality in cases, and subjective preferences for character designs and animation.. . Ultimately, whether ...
Paradox Live - let's set our hearts on fire with music, just don't take it literally!. . If you're even a little bit interested in Japanese hip-hop, you've probably heard about such a great project as Paradox Live, aka Paralive, created jointly by Avex Pictures and GCREST recently, in 2019. The project is essentially a rap battle between members of different teams, voiced by 29 (so far) voice actors including Gakuto Kajiwara, Ayumu Murase, Natsuki Hanae (Tanjiro Komado and Kousei Arima), Yusuke Kobayashi, and many others. The teams themselves, as well as their members, have their own characteristics, song styles, history, but the most important thing that ...
To begin with, the story of this anime has been presented with various very surprising things, I thought this anime would only contain Harem with an unclear story plot, and there are so many anime on the market, but apparently not!. . Of all the Harem themed anime, I think this anime has succeeded in changing many people's viewpoints about Harem stories. Unlike other Harem themed anime with almost the same story plot, this anime comes with a different style.. . For comedy, this anime is really stomach-churning, so those of you who like to hold back your laughter will let loose after seeing this anime. For several ...
It’s been a long time since I’ve seen a sports anime as interesting or as good as Blue Lock. The main premise of Japan’s soccer needing to develop the capacity for ego if they ever hope to compete seriously at the international level underscores every episode, yet is not the only thing that holds your attention. The anime focuses on the individual stories and challenges of each player as well, making you feel as if you’ve truly seen them evolve. The lines that the characters say can be quite cheesy, and sometimes you might laugh at how seriously the players take things. But that same ...
Kikansha no Mahou wa Tokubetsu desu (KnMwTd for short) is strong contender for my underrated anime for this season. The story is nothing we haven't seen before and the music is ok. What KnMwTd excels at compared to other similar titles is the pacing. Studio Arvo Animation has taken there time to build the world and introduce the characters whilst keeping the viewer interested. The animation quality is decent. The first fight in episode 1's monster had CGI so I was expecting that the rest of the season. However, I did not notice any obvious CGI the rest of the season (with some casting spells ...
"Gleipnir" is an anime that proves to be better than what it initially sets out to be and stands out significantly, even with excessive ecchi (personally, I'm not a fan). What seemed to be "just" a story of a protagonist who transforms into a monster and teams up with a classmate, under blackmail, to learn more about these "monsters," reveals immense depth in its plot.. . As the episodes unfold, we witness the deepening of each character, including some that are not so central, demonstrating careful storytelling. A perfect example of this is the "monster" that appears at the end of the first episode and confronts Clair ...
The Yuzuki Family's 4 Sons is kinda like facing heavy rain and then being rewarded by the beautiful rainbow. It's perfect for cleansing one's heart; offering slice-of-life, family stories that truly nails siblings dynamic. The story is great at balancing the pure heartedness, while taking on many raw emotions.. . The Characters (8.5/10). The 4 siblings loss their parents a while ago and they each felt the weight of responsibilities in their own way. The eldest brother became the de facto parental figure, taking on both the role of the mom and the dad of his 3 younger siblings. The second eldest son became the big brother ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (10). The story is about a hard-working office boy who happily enjoys life when a zombie outbreak occurs. In the middle of the journey, He finds his old friend and strangers who will join the forces as a survivor. They also have a list of what they want to do in notes which make it more interesting since different people have different wishes. There are a lot of events in every episode. Sometimes it's comedy but sometimes it can be very serious. Overall I really like this anime!. . Art (10). The art in this anime is excellence! I like ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (10). The story is about twins that are being adopted by a family. But the family only knows about the one that they are being adopted while the other is living in the shadow. Every day they usually switch to each other and others never notice it since they are so similar until one day they get into a problem with one family that is quite strange. It's really interesting to watch this anime from beginning to end. There are a lot of plot twists in this anime.. . Art (10). The art in this anime is excellence! I like ...
Do you remember beeing kid, dreaming about all the fun and cool stuff you would do, once you finally became an adult?. . And Boom: You're there and you didn't do anything. It seems like life has passed you by, already. You did what was expected from you. You're a productive member of society. Sacrificing some childish, old dreams is normal. One day you'll make some of them still happen...maybe.. . Only in time you realize it's not that easy. Or maybe you dont. Life just isn't as fun as you dreamed it up to be. It can feel pretty depressing and I think we've all been there. Watching ...
OVERALL: It's amazing, unique, and all the plot-twists will take you by surprise. This anime had a weird mood to it on the beginning because it's so unique, but the plot, animation, character development, drama and comedy are all high quality and in sync, this anime is a true hidden gem!. . STRONG POINTS: I would point out that the highest qualities on this anime are definitely character development and plot.. Each scene brings out (even in extreme ways) the personality of each character, and all of them have strong traits that are an important key in the development of the plot. Not a single character comes out ...
+ Cute, silly and easy to enjoy!. + SPY X FAMILY's best quality has always been its accessibility. Whether you are new to anime or even a fan of a different genre, there should be something about the show that appeals to you.. + Season 2 finally gives us our first long-form story arc, with six consecutive episodes that immerses us in a larger plot.. + The ED is VERY catchy and extremely comforting to watch!. ~ Despite its comedic hijinks and spy action fun, the show can still feel insubstantial. I wish the show was more willing to lean into its natural conflict and develop a more compelling ...
i would rate it higher than 10 if i could, music is perfect, animation is good, story is perfect, character development is perfect, ugh, 3rd rewatch and still can't get over how good it is.i would rate it higher than 10 if i could, music is perfect, animation is good, story is perfect, character development is perfect, ugh, 3rd rewatch and still can't get over how good it is.i would rate it higher than 10 if i could, music is perfect, animation is good, story is perfect, character development is perfect, ugh, 3rd rewatch and still can't get over how good it is.i would rate ...
I went in to watching it thinking it was a weird, brash almost vulgar sort of a anime. just watched the first episode cause a friend just said watch one, and see, and boy was i surprised. like it's not black and white at all. but it has so much emotions and real life emotions rolled in to it. it's actually very good. and would watch season 2 if it ever comes out. the story is somewhat unique and the art style was good. very adult type artwork. and seeing the character development in some of the bland characters was quite interesting.
So here I am rewatching the series from the start again and after knowing the whole plot it’s great to see how well the characters are being developed. AOT's first season had a huge cast of characters, and it balanced them well, this time the characters have been reduced to half the size, but the side characters get more development.. . Plot:. The show’s plot moves more slowly this time, there aren’t many huge, bloody fights as compared to the first season. This time the show works on side characters like Connie, Krista, Ymir, Reiner, Bredholt. The show is also said to have one of the best villains ...
Re: Cutie Honey consists of 3 fast paced OVAs with fun characters and a rule of cool storyline all presented with artistic animation that was way ahead of its time.. . What makes these OVAs really special is the number of popular names that are credited for these episodes. Episode 1 was directed by Hiroyuki Imaishi, most known for his directorial work with Studio Trigger, for example Gurren Lagaan, Kill La Kill and most recently Cyberpunk Edgerunners. Episode 2 was directed by Naoyuki Ito, who went on to direct Overlord and other Madhouse anime. But most importantly, episode 3 was directed by Hideaki Anno, the director ...
This movie does an amazing job with the cinematography, very deliberately choosing specific angles, in-camera focus, and lighting to draw watchers’ attentions. Maybe it’s just that this is a movie and therefore has more budget and time put into it, but much as other entries have looked pretty great before (Unicorn, The Origin, and IBO in particular), this is the first modern incarnation of the series to do more than just make a bunch of exceptional fight scenes with some pretty good general animation. I’ve had my issues with the human-centric work done on the recent Godzilla films, for example, but this is a very ...
I had not binged a show for over a decade before this one. A lot of shows really don't have heart. 100 Girlfriends has a ton of heart. The cast are all silly cinnamon rolls who are a joy to watch interact in genuinely heartwarming interactions. Now, this is all predicated on accepting the "love at first sight" premise, but the exaggerated nature of this show made that very easy. Having multiple female partners myself, I was very pleasantly surprised by how genuine the show was about fleshing out relationships and how the "Rentaro Family" emerged through the first season.. . I wouldn't say that its relationships ...
Recommended 9/10 ⭐. . The first chapter is PEAK and CINEMA, the characters are incredible and very entertaining, my favorites are the quartet hehe.. In many moments it makes you smile because as I mentioned, the characters show you charisma and Akira always pulls off some antics; I liked the colors they used along with the blood, it is not typical of just seeing one color and I liked that they varied with it, as well as the gray colors that turned out very well.. . I can only say that Akira took my heart and if you are interested in series with touches of comedy and sentimentality with adventure ...
Simply, a masterpiece of Japanese... no, global animation.. The story is completely unique, I don't see a generic shonen like Shingeki or Naruto.. Very enjoyable, you can get lost in its world very easely, not even Red Dead Redemption 2 can fight this for the best story.. beautiful art style, I even had to look up if MAPPA had not created this masterpiece.. The characters are different and unique, having different strengths and weaknesses, but at the end of the story, improving and learning from their mistakes.. If your friend recommended you watch this anime, he is a true friend.. Recommended for the whole family.
“Bonavu,”. . If you don't know much about this exclamation, it will inevitably become part of your greeting ritual after watching this anime.. Hoshikuzu Telepath is the definition of cute-ness and an anime like no other.. . The series follows shy, space-loving high school student Umika Konohosi, who has difficulty communicating with others. As a result, she sees space as her true home and wants to befriend an alien. One day the joyful exchange student Yuu Akeuchi comes into her class and promptly claims to be a real alien. Although other classmates quickly take this as a joke, Umika sees this as a chance to finally make her dream come ...
Great show, you know. It has its flaws but overall it's a great anime. Positive points for me are:. - It is an enjoyable cyberpunk, detective story. I link both genres and it satisfied my thirst by not being too over the top and relatively well executed compared to other shows in the genres above. - Mental health is a main theme in psycho-pass, and it's interesting that this show made me reflect quite a bit about my how simply "changing subjects" ( like when a negative thought or conversation comes up) has a positive impact in our moods in daily life. That a show I watched ...
A beautiful sad story that's well worth watching. It has heart felt emotional moments, action, and a little bit of world building. It's also a bit of a tear-jerker. At five episodes, the series is quite brief, and very easy to binge.. . Some have compared it to a long movie, honestly it reminds me of an OVA. Each episode tells a relatively self-contained story that fluidly bridges into the next one. A lot of the reviews criticize the series for being short, which I think is actually one of its strengths. The series quickly makes you invested in the characters, particularly the leads Momo and ...
This anime is very cliché and predictable, the characters aren't great and the character is super OP and boring. Yet I had fun watching it, it's a cool anime that doesn't take itself seriously. This season is good because of this. The second one messed up because they tried to make it more serious and had a more ambitious plot and it failed in executing it, but this one is actually pretty fun to watch if you don't expect a masterpiece.. . I think the main takeaways here are the jokes. Second to that are the lessons learned by mob about his personality, self improvement and not ...
Like many others, this anime has convinced me to make an account on this site just to rave about Frieren. From the start, it subverts your expectations- the demon king has already been defeated. Instead, this work is about self-discovery, memories, and a connection with loved ones from the past. It does a great job by revealing more about Frieren's relationship with her teammates (essentially family) and how they continue to shape her to the present day.. . This show isn’t just a slow slice of life either- it’s a mixture of comedy, romance, action, and drama. This isn’t an isekai- the characters fully belong to ...
I liked Aragoto too, just as I liked the first noragami. I tend to find every series I watch crap, because generally start out too ambitious and then the quality falls down. I found noragami not to be ambitious at all, it has simple premises and almost no ambition at all, it is mainly focused on character development and on friendship, it turns out to be a very nice anime because of that.. . . However, the first noragami is better and more consistent. Towards the end of Aragoto there is some melodrama going on, the Ebisu arc appears confusing and the last 3 episodes are full ...
I liked this anime a lot. If you look at my other reviews you'll see I tend to find all animes are crap, but I think that for not being too ambitious like a lot of anime I watched, by maintaining a simple plotline, this one ends up being pretty good.. . The story is enjoyable and simple, it surrounds around friendships. The characters mostly are pretty nice I grew to like them, it's the best part of this anime. The yato god is actually a scumbag, I never liked him a lot despite him being the protagonist. Hiyori is a nice person, although I feel sorry ...
Street Fighter 6 x Spy x Family is a beautifully animated ad for street fighter 6 and spy x family code white.. The fight had great choreography.. I thought ads weren't lowed on mal but i was told by someone they need to have a plot to have an entry.. This has no plot.. personally i think all Japanese ads (at least the ones with anime characters from other shows) should be on mal (like why is the gundam char's mcdonald's burger not on mal) but i digress.. I am very fond of spy x family so this was nice to see. I have played street fighter 2 and ...
I've been very fond of this show from the start, so much so that, even as there were some production issues, delays and even some dips in the animation quality, I was here for this series. In its finest moments, this series could easily contend with even JJK S2 for animation quality and has some excellent emotional moments. I'm particularly fond of the two initial leads, Akira and Shizuka, who approach the end of the world very differently due to their very distinct backgrounds, but come together over the course of the series. Beatrix and Kenichirou are great in their own rights, the former for ...
YES YES YES!!!! I loved this so much!!!!!. . This story is about Endo and Kobayashi, who play an Otome game together, and discover that somehow they can communicate with the in-game characters. And with this power, they decide to give the happiest of happy endings to their favorite - Lieselotte - who otherwise gets the doom ending.. . This was truly so stinking cute! Soooo entertaining! I was determined to get through all the episodes to find out what was going to happen next. Even more so, to find out what was unfolding between all the love interests. My favorite, without a doubt was Lieselotte and Prince ...
Yet another short, weird af OVA from the 90s. The first episode is basically a romantic comedy with many of the usual tropes of a student-teacher relationship. Few ecchi scenes, just some breast groping.. . Animation is ass, but both of the main characters are funny and kinda interesting? I really don't know why I kept watching, maybe I wanted to see where it was going since the premise was slightly amusing.. . Now, the 2nd episode had me on the edge of the seat; teasing rape and murder was nothing short of a surprise. And that is why I love the creative freedom that you can only find ...
On one hand you're about to go on a cheesy romp and have a great time in the zombie post apocalypse, laughing along with the infectiously optimistic Akira as his biggest worries become getting a cold beer and how he gets himself into ludicrous situations.. . On the other, if you were maybe waiting for a wake up call, are stuck in life or haven't even begun to live yours yet, then watch this season and give it some thought. You don't have to get it all right, you just can't stop living. Because if you do, even if you have a job, a family, wealth... then ...
idk whats up w/ all the hate this anime got, personally i really enjoyed it. i mean yeah it was no code geass but it was still an entertaining watch that surprisingly wasn't cliche. it genuinely keeps you on your toes. the world building is a bit all over the place at times but i feel like if this show gets a second season it can really flesh out all the plot holes (which aren't even major in my opinion) of the first season. i think it really has a lot of potential and if i find time i might even check out the manga ...
Finally a decent anime horror that actually give chills with that sort of 2000 anime style vibes 😳 The plot seems to me like a kind of Pokemon BUT with exorcism and spirits fights so yeah this can conquer almost everyone😂. . Even if the art style is kinda poor (maybe due for the budget) the cast then still did a great job, especially Yayoi the basest loli of the year with her background, mental strenght and plot twist that she gave into this first season🗿. . This was both unexpected and nice try so yeah, i'm in hype for the manga adaptation in my country and ...
This is what Koisuru Asteroid should have been. A sweet yet sometimes melodramatic show of Girl meets Girl, with equal focus given to its subject matter (model rockets in this), and the relationships between characters.. . I suppose there's two things these hobbyist CGDCT shows need to get right:. - Making the hobby appealing to people who otherwise do not care about the hobby. - Make the characters interesting and fun to follow/easy to empathize with. . Now, where a lot of hobbyist shows falter in, is to make the show appeal only to people who are already into the hobby, or to make it very boring to everyone ...
What can I say?. . The style was generic and clean for a children's show. The main parts of the story are based on a set of wonderful depth of characters. The art style is honestly underrated due to the fact that everything else is so high.. Great childhood memories. And it was really funny even when not fully understanding the language.. **warning**. The best part is the intro music, very addicting and catchy. You hear it once, and it will never leave your head you will be humming it for the rest of time.. . Also was able to learn Chinese through watching.
Puparia is an anime that is difficult to explain because not a lot happens during its 3 minute runtime. Despite having some of the most beautifully detailed and intriguing art you'll ever see, there is no dialogue or story, no real message or plot. It is in a sense just a 3 minute short of nicely drawn art. However, looking deeper, there is a more profound meaning to this short film.. . The meaning of Puparia cannot be separated from story of its creator Shingo Tamagawa. In a brief documentary on YouTube Tamagawa explained that after slaving away for a number of years as an animator, he ...
This has got to be the best zombie anime I've seen since Highschool of the Dead. Bugs Film really did a fantastic job with adapting it.. . The story was entertaining, the comedy, romance and drama was well balanced. The characters are likable and fun. The only issues I have with the anime is that some scenes from the manga never appeared in the anime and some were cut, the nudity was reduced (due to a very good reason).. . Out of all the anime of 2023. This has been officially became my favorite anime of the year, worth watching it.. . I'm giving Zom 100 Bucket List of the Dead ...
The world is evolving, the organizations are making their moves, all while our main cast just want to live peacefully.. . In the second part of the season is everything starting to ramp up, more groups are now interested in the weird events that have happened and are starting to make their moves. We follow the Corpse God and his group trying to stay ahead of all the players spread throughout the city, in hopes of coming to a point where they can have their peaceful life.. . The plot for this part builds very much on the previous part and starts to delve further into some of the ...
Dead Mount Death Play - 2 split-part adaptations, up to 4 interspersed events all happening at the same time, leading to one gigantic Shinjuku war that defies the logic of both worlds. Has Ryohgo Narita done the near-impossible to prove that he still has the writing skills from his past works? . . Back in Spring, the 1st Cour / Part 1 of the acclaimed mangaka's new work didn't really do it for me, and I wasn't convinced that Ryohgo Narita had his writing prowess taken from Durarara!! and injecting that same soul into Dead Mount Death Play, which at that point in time was a massive clusterfish ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (10). The story is about a small group that searching for a ghost and makes a collection of it. One of them can fight the ghost while others can attract the ghost. The ghost itself is coming out from the folks and there are a lot of different ghosts that I've never known before. In the middle of their journey, there is another group that later on becomes their enemies and that's where it becomes interesting.. . Art (9). The art in this anime is excellence! I like the color, glow, and shadow they used for this anime. I love ...
I have watched the original FMA and loved it. However, I wasn't a huge fan of the direction certain parts in the latter half of the series went. I then read the manga and realized why I had a hard time enjoying the latter half in comparison to the first half. Then I heard of FMA: Brotherhood, and I was very concerned. I thought how could they do a better job.. . Well, by sticking to the manga and adapting it beautifully! Brotherhood is a near perfect anime for me, it has everything I was looking for and even after watching it several times over I still ...
This review comes from a long-time Pretty Cure fan who barely watches the latest seasons (yes, if I recall correctly, the last series I watch is Healing Good). If you just want to relieve old memories and have a bit of nostalgia, you'll like this spin-off. Yes! Precure 5 and the GoGo series are some of my favorites among all franchises (followed by Futari wa and Max Heart a.k.a the OG). Seeing the girls (and boys) are all grown-ups really brings all the nostalgia. I actually like the idea of portraying several problems that might occur to someone when they reach adulthood. It really gives ...
This anime is pure CINEMA. I waited a long time for this anime and it surprised me in an incredible way. Both the art and animation are incredibly beautiful and solid, the cinematography is insane. The direction behind each episode is extraordinary. The first episode is extremely exciting, remarkable and fun. I can safely say that it has one of the best first episodes of all time. This is a zombie comedy that uses the apocalypse in a brilliant way to show you how exploration affects you and how people steal your dreams and passions. A very entertaining masterpiece that inspires you to free yourself ...
Highly Recommended!. . Yuzuki Family's Four Sons is what we call a Feel good story. Though it starts with the tragic death of the parents. The anime does maintain a good balance of The Four Sons doing their best to support one another and lead good happy lives while also showing the heavier side of things that come with losing their parents.. . The anime also uses many of the Anime gags we are used to like *cough* Mikoto's Bro-Con side *cough* is a fun normal way that isn't too daunting on casual anime viewers or even those who don't usually watch anime.. This anime has an amazing cast ...
Romcom, or rather harem is dead... FINALLY!. . Now, witness the one responsible for the purge. This is a birth of a new era, devoid of bullshit, appearances, filler, wasting time, pseudo character development and whatever else has plagued harem stories since this genre's inception.. No longer will you have to listen the lie of harem.. No longer will you have to face the awful truth, that there has always been only one winner.. In "100 Girlfriends" everyone is equal. There is no place for half-measures.. . This might not be an honest review.. This might also not be an in-depth look into actual contents of this anime.. I know this well, but I ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (10). The story is about a man who bumps into a goddess and gets a buff which is when He sees a girl's eyes, they are gonna become attracted to him. In the middle of the journey, the girls become much more desire to kiss him and new girls are always coming one by one. It's hilarious to watch this anime since there are a lot of comedy scenes.. . Art (10). The art in this anime is excellence! I like the color, glow, and shadow they used for this anime. The animation is very smooth and eye-catching which makes ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (9). The story is about a girl who died in the guillotine but She got a second chance and time traveled into the past. Her body becomes small and She repents for what has been done before. In the journey, She manages to avoid all the events that may trigger her to guillotine punishment. There are a lot of comedy scenes during the action.. . Art (9). The art in this anime is excellence! I like the color, glow, and shadow they used for this anime. I can feel the fantasy vibes on this anime and the animation looks ...
Migi & Dali — We're still shell-shocked by your loss, Nami Sano. You've been robbed from the world too soon as a young, up-and-coming mangaka who has more to offer.. . If you didn't know, 36-year-old female mangaka Nami Sano passed away just recently in August battling cancer, and she didn't even get the chance to see her final work animated, which to me is a fate worse than death. And if you didn't know BETTER, she was the one behind one of anime's most pragmatic characters, who displays cool, perfect, flawless, knight-in-shining armour suave that's admired by all around him. That's right... Haven't You Heard? I'm ...
I quit really easily but this anime has given me motivation for things I'm passionate about. I see people say it's QUEER BAITING but the focus isn't just on the QUEER aspects, though I appreciate the representation, the focus is also on how the characters grow and what they think. Personally, the representation is fine and I like it. It's a good anime in my opinion and it inspires me! This is my first review, it's short, and I don't know what to say but I definitely enjoyed it and I think it's amazing. I hope more people can enjoy it too, I RECOMMEND IT!!!. . ...
“Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. The consciousness of loving and being loved brings a warmth and a richness to life that nothing else can bring.”. “The mystery of love is greater than the mystery of death.”. — Oscar Wilde. . SAO is, at heart, a love story. It encompasses all kinds of love -- romantic, familial, platonic, fraternal, compassionate -- and it is romantic in every sense of the word. “What is romanticism, after all, but a bold cry about how life should be, not about how it is?”, and SAO embodies this sentiment through ...
This is one of the best shows this season up there with frieren, this show is very engaging and is simply just enjoyable to watch. . First of all lets talk about my favorite part of this show, the MC. Before watching this show in my very ignorant mind I thought that this was some kind of shojo with very cute acting mc and how every guy in the palace likes her (this is not a bad thing but just not my cup of tea), but I started watching it since I was curious on how it has such a high rating and I was not dissapointed.. . The ...
I started watching this anime just because I heard The Anime Man talking about it.. . Even tho I scored it only a 6 it does not mean it was bad, neither that it was good, for me average it means that it`s a basic, normal anime, with a normal basic storyline. As any other romance anime everything was expected and I didn`t really find something special that could make it unique. The perverted scenes were really unnecesarry and the story could have worked normally without them, which made this anime lose a point in the score.. . The story was cute and nice even tho the anime only ...
Almost-perfect sequel, 9/10.. . Goblin Slayer Season 2, like Vinland Saga Season 2, focuses a lot more on the philosophical-esoteric aspects of the story and main cast rather than the fights. That being said, the sequel may not be for everyone who came for the fights - don't get me wrong there's still plenty of cool fights but the combat was more intense with higher stakes and cooler set pieces in Season 1.. . However, this change allows more of Goblin Slayer's party, personality, and history to be fleshed out, as well as more of the DnD setting to be explored. He gets to explore elven lands, go ...
YES, this anime is the PINACLE of harem anime (unless we get this + interspecies reviewer then THAT is even more peak).. This is a creative comedy masterpiece, let me explain.. . TLDR summary:. In conclusion, this anime is just a pure joy to watch. It got all the right thing going for it with good directing, animation, and sound direction. While also holding its own unique comedy that've been allowed through the premise, opening many doors to very creative comedy, story telling, and character interaction never before seen in anime, and it take FULL advantage of it and RISE with it. This is nothing but a creative ...
As a huge fan of the manga this adaption is all I could've asked for and more. The studio did a great job adapting the art style and giving us all the cute shots from the manga. The additions they made through both the animation and music/VAs gave even someone like me who knew what was going to happen something to love forward to. The Kissing Zombies episode especially stood out as making the kissing scenes much feel really intense and intimate through the vibe of the music. I also loved seeing all the blushes and "hnngs" animated. All the VAs did a great job ...
This is the greatest harem anime that ever haremed, the harem to end all harems, and other positive metaphors about harems. Look, there's no need to mince words or write a thesis when reviewing this anime, you'll either love it or you won't. I don't even explore genres like this unless satire is involved (heavily). 100 Kanojo unseated Oresuki as best harem (which was previously undefeated at self-awareness in the genre). The gags all land, the animation, even when not great, is funny, and this is probably the only show with both an op and ed too adorable to skip, with the latter being the ...
There is no genre in otaku media more notoriously stagnant than harem. Since the progression of anime romcom from Rumiko Takahashi-style love polygons to Love Hina-style harems, the genre’s tropes and structure have changed very little. Plenty of good shows have been cast in that mold, but for most of its reign viewers have craved an antidote.. . The typical harem anime progression looks something like: protagonist is introduced, meets a series of girls, girls fall in love with him, drawn out will they won’t they tension, manga stops making money, protagonist picks winning girl. This formula is not without strengths (seeing your favorite win is an ...
The 100 Girlfriends Who Really, Really, Really, Really, Really, Really, Really, Really Love You is an absolute gem for those who love harem in the anime world!" This charming series creates an amazing mix of humor, romance, and fantasy. It's an explosion of emotions that keeps you fascinated from the first episode, thanks to a creative premise and a pleasant protagonist. The character designs are wonderful, and the animation is great. The storyline is cleverly linked with humor, and each girlfriend adds her own charm to the story. It's a joyful journey full of laughter, love, and surprising twists and turns. The 100 Girlfriends is a ...
Under Ninja would be my best anime this season (Sorry, Ragna Crimson). There were many points where I was caught off guard by its storytelling and comedy, even though I'm aware that it is one of those wacky Seinen genre manga/anime. Unlike Naruto and other ninja shows, Under Ninja depicts its ninja as human being just as vulnerable to cuts and bullets just as we are, and rather than magic, they rely on scifi gadgets in combat. In fight scenes, the ninjas' analysis on their opponents and situation are heavily monologued, and often laced with the emotions of caution or fear as their odds of ...
Kage no Jitsuryokusha ni Naritakute returned with its long-awaited second season, based on a cliffhanger from the first season that showed that the war between Shadow Garden and the Cult of Diablos would begin, in addition to all the apprehension involving vampires. finally in its most intense section, despite this being the most tense part of these 12 episodes, we have relevant events before this occurs with a lot of depth, explanation and exciting fights.. . Kage is initiated in the hook of the city of Lawless City, Red Light Districts, a poor community or better said, the place is a very poor outskirts, without any external ...
In my soon-to-end quest to unearth every 90s hidden-gem on MAL, I came across this obscure spin-off of one of my childhood's anime. At this point I'm just giving anything a chance, even if it's loli-robots. And I was pleasantly surprised when I saw that, compared to the other Saber Marionette entries, this is actually rated R.. . Art and animation are simply amazing, truly one of the best looking examples of this era's style. Although I have to admit that the 4 main characters look kinda weird compared to everyone else, mostly because of their silly disproportionate eyes. Story was... whatever. The ending was sadly ...
Tokyo Godfathers has become one of my favorite movies of all time, and my very favorite Christmas film.. . As someone who was introduced to Satoshi Kon through Perfect Blue and therein figured his forte was horror, I was blown away by his work on this film. The comedy, sentiment, and action are all perfectly balanced and do not at all feel out of place. The dynamic characters feel very much like real people you could meet, while still being incredibly entertaining to watch (which is heavily due to the incredible animation!). . I think my very favorite thing about it was the exploration of family dynamics, and how ...
Overall I enjoyed this anime. It's pretty good not for its horror aspect, but because of how creepy it is and how deep the plot is. The story and the way the supernatural work is great. It doesn't like something from a shounen anime and creates stakes for the characters that overall makes it just so intense. The characters were all enjoyable and somewhat mysterious. They all show different motivations and reasons on why they choose to experience the supernatural which bring a sense of importance for them. Animation is something left to be desired, but was watchable. I definitely need a season 2.. 8/10
Beautiful, incredible and soft are some words with which I can summarize both the entire series and the end of it, I must say that the end surprised me because I did not expect it and I was already shedding a sea of tears (yes, I am very sensitive) .. . I must say that if you like comedy and would like to enjoy a relaxing series that can make you smile (several actually), then this is the ideal one. I will always have Momose, Shirosaki and Hakutou in my hearts, even more so the second he seems like a "young grandfather" and very tender hehe, the ...
Man, it's been 25 weeks of pure pleasure and insanity. I've always been a huge horror and supernatural enthusiast. Consequently, I felt like there was a lack of a genuinely macabre anime like Dark Gathering. I begged so much that my prayers were answered. I love how scary, unique and cool this anime is. I really didn't expect it to be so good and not have any bad episodes, it's crazy. He proves to you masterfully that you don't need beautiful animation to make a good anime, there were 25 episodes full of risks and increasing tensions. My Sundays will definitely never be the same ...
Damn this anime really hits hard. Without having any idea on Sousou no Frieren, I thought it was one of those "embark on a adventure" anime. But, I was gladly mistaken. This anime really deserves the top spot. Although it's very slow in its pacing and very episodic, it's what makes the show unique. You feel as if this is just a journey of Freiren but the more central characters are her companions. I won't be giving spoilers as the experience is in itself the journey. Weird how the "Beyond Journey's end" is not about the main character but her us viewing the aftermath ...
This is an anime where you just turn off your brain and enjoy the scenes between Rentaro and the girls. My apprehension with the show is how the can seamlessly provide good comedy with growing number of casts Usually harem animes will scenes where there are have 3 to 4 girls along with the MC hence there are stale comedy routines or resorting to very cliche accidental boob touching nor miscommunication bullshit between the MC and the girls. It's cleverly written and executed. In this anime, you can have girl A and girl B share a scene and it's still funny. No forced interaction! ...
Having been hooked since S1, and with such an intriguing cast, SpyxFamily was always set up for success. In this new season, Anya is as adorable as ever, Yor continues to be a sweet and sexy assassin-wife, Loid retains the mantle of perfect man-spy, and Bond is still best boy.. . As with most popular shows, mixed in with fast-paced progression and sudden plot twists, there needs to be quieter moments and lulls in the story. This change of tone is seen in season 2.. . If I were to describe it metaphorically: if the first season was the plunging exhilaration of going forward on a swing, ...
Please be ready, cause this will be a long one!. . BACCANO is INSANE in the best way possible! It's got everything – wild storylines about humanity, (in)justice, and life-changing lessons (if you want to look at it this way), all tangled up with crazy amounts of blood, action, and spiced (cursive) up with a lot of dark humor. It's such a wild mix but it totally works.. . Let's talk characters because Miria and Isaac completely stole my heart. These two, as Jacuzzi clearly put it, are self-centered dup who bring a much-needed touch of humor and absurdity to the otherwise dark and terrifying scenes. Episode 8 is ...
"I've been fighting against myself the whole time". . Overtake! is a beautiful experience to have, whether you're a fan of Formula and racing in general or not. I won't tell you you'll have the enjoyment of your life watching it nor you'll regret it, but it's a decent anime full of emotions, ear-pleasing SFX, and dramatic competitiveness.. . The anime takes a wild turn after 6-8 episodes and elevates on the dramatic side of the character building and writing which will explain things you've been wondering about since the first episode, and I enjoyed it a lot.. Although I didn't like certain things, I still loved and enjoyed ...
The second season of Spy x Family is here and if you loved the first season, then this season will make you feel right at home. I honestly don’t have too much to say about the second season since everything that made the first season enjoyable is present here. The dynamic between the Forgers is fun and goofy while giving each one the spotlight to shine this season, the comedic plotlines that our main characters are a part of add a lot of vibrancy to the show, and the characterization continues to build on top of the already rich depth to Anya, Loid, Yor, and ...
I highly enjoyed the entirety of this series, at first, I thought it might be cringe or one of those wannabe kinda stories but once I got into it, let me tell you it was captivating as hell, with the whole element of surprise, great character design and the comic timing with the exciting flow of events, loved every bit of it. Not to forget the beautiful art style and music choices, it was a treat from the beginning till the very end, one of the most satisfying shows I've watched to date.. . Every arc had a hook and made us multiple times more ...
This new arc rekindled SpyxFamily for me.. . The second part of the first season was extremely dull, and I thought the rest of the anime would be like that. However, the ship voyage arc was simply sensational.. . I'm looking forward to the next season, and I'll probably start reading the manga now.. . For now, the "Ship Arc" is the peak of SpyxFamily for me.. . -------------------------------------------------. . ...
Dark Gathering is a Supernatural-Horror, Adventure Manga by Kondou Kenichi, who was an assistant who worked on the manga D.Gray-man. It was adapted into a 25-episode anime by OLM, housing talents that helped produce amazing shows like Summertime Rendering, OddTaxi & The Apothecary Diaries. . Set in modern-day Japan, it follows Gentouga Keitarou who is trying to readjust to society after being cursed by a spirit. He meets a young girl named Houzuki Yayoi, the cousin of his childhood friend Houzuki Eiko. Yayoi is a genius psychic, hell-bent on finding an evil spirit she named “The Spectre”, who was behind her mother’s disappearance. She drags Keitarou ...
I started this anime on a whim; I needed a work that could make me laugh. I came across the title "100 Girlfriends Who Really Love You," which seemed completely crazy to me, so I decided to give it a try. I honestly expected a rather typical harem, with a very clueless boy not understanding situations, succeeding in everything, and magically attracting the love of all the girls. That's exactly what happens, but the significant difference is that the series' humor doesn't revolve AROUND that but rather revolves AROUND it. In many harems, humor is predominantly centered on very sexualized and random situations, but "100 ...
Imagine you caught Sadako from the Ring and used her as a pokemon against other ghosts. Also she might turn on you.. Do I need to say more?. . This is a horror anime. The ghosts and stories are disconcerting and often disturbing. The story points used for a lot of these are genuinely dark and the imagery is quite gruesome. Is it scary or nightmare inducing? I think if you've seen your share of horror that this won't really bother you, but more inexperienced viewers might find some of the material used to even be too much.. . People saying there's nothing here I think are a little ...
This series is complete absurd, the story is a nonsense full of cliches, the characters are super exaggerated and each episode is worse than the last one; this is a perfect example of an anime getting carried by the animation, the direction and the voice acting, even if you dedicate your entire life searching something good about this you will die crazy.. And with all these things this is one of the anime of the season, the year and the century, something that will pass to history because is that bad that isn't god, is EXCELLENT, a complete masterpiece.. If you have the opportunity to ...
NOTE: Wrote this review on Letterboxd on 9/29/2021. . When I heard that Takao Saitou passed away, I had to revisit this film. Golgo 13: The Professional is still a great action movie in my opinion. Duke Togo aka Golgo 13 is one of my favorite anime and manga characters ever because he is a total badass. Golgo 13 is like combining James Bond and Django Reinhardt into one awesome macho character. I have seen people criticize Duke Togo for having no personality and I disagree with that. I love that Duke Togo is silent but deadly. It makes him even more awesome with the fascinating aura ...
I wonder how many people will say they Really, Really, Rally, Really, Really love this series? Because....I am one of them.. Peak of the medium. Culmination of the genre. Ultimate comedy-romance to end all comedy-romances. Truly one of the purest experiences of 2023. Not exagerating when I say that looking forward to this show every week kept me alive while working retail at Christmas. And all I wanted for the holiday was for them to confirm a season 2, which they delivered. We are ever so blessed. I'm sure by the time Rentaro gets his hundredth girlfriend, this series will have cured cancer and brought about ...
Recently, I read that the OST composer for "Frieren" is the same as that for "Violet Evergarden." That makes sense because, in some ways, they have similar vibes, but "Frieren" is not as sad; it's more mellow. "Frieren: Beyond Journey’s End.", was one of the most beautiful, profound, and emotive anime from this year, a real masterpiece.. Perhaps it is the best non-isekai anime in the high fantasy genre. High fantasy typically refers to a world inspired by Tolkien and Norse Mythology, featuring elements like elves, magic, dragons, and dwarves (like the usual Dungeons and Dragon adventure ). I think the key concept of ...
For those unaware, Gamera was created in the 1960's to rival Toho's "Godzilla" franchise. And while he started out as what could be considered a "spoof" character, he quickly earned himself a spot alongside the other big monsters (Godzilla, Kong, Ultraman). Hell, Gamera even has managed to outshine Godzilla on more than one occasion! Especially in regards to the 1990's "Heisei Trilogy". However, Gamera disappeared in 2006 after the film "Gamera the Brave". Not even the "kaiju resurgence" in the early 2010's managed to bring him back (with titles like "Pacific Rim", "Godzilla 2014", and "Kong: Skull Island" bring monsters back into the mainstream media ...
Good evening, this is my personal review of Goblin Slayer II, hope you'll enjoy it. Starting with the plot: 6. Talking about the plot itself we still don't know much about this world, meanwhile the story's progress in season 2 honestly is nothing special.. Animation: 7. Animations overall are good, nothing big.. Music: 8. Some of the soundtrack will give you hype and good vibes, furthermore I liked the opening and the ending as well.. Characters: 6. First of all, I like the fact that the protagonist looks so mysterious with a strong discipline mindset, however all the characters are so stereotyped that sometimes I feel really bored.. Entertainment: 6. In every episode there is ...
This show is quite honestly one of a kind, and I suggest everyone should at least try it.. . Let's start with the premise: "A girl comes from a yakuza family and falls in love with her guardian." Okay, so there's many ways to make this work. It could be a heavy drama about grooming and a girl who puts end to the abuse, or it could a self-aware satire where the male romantic interest has just the worst traits of a typical Shoujo male, or they could make the guardian have a modicum of decency so that the focus of the story is the coming-of-age aspect ...
This is the best anime I have seen. I wish there were more episodes because 64 episodes end so quickly.. It took me on a journey filled with unexpected twists and turns. Even when I thought I could predict what would happen next, the story surprised me in the best way possible.. The art style is a perfect match for the story. It adds depth and immersion to the world in a way that enhances the overall experience.. The characters were incredibly well-rounded. They had their flaws and strengths, making them relatable and believable. There were no one-dimensional characters here.
This show is great even though it's not canon mostly as well the ending in the final episode. it explored themes such as questioning whatever it's right or wrong to peruse your goal or do you need to sacrifice others in order reach the goals. Also, what I like about the series is the character growth in the series and what are risking of searching the truth of reaching the goal and do you have to supressed your emotion when completing the goals. Also, what are risking of doing human transmutation and will there be consequences later on in the story. this show is ...
I like the concept of isekai anime which is relaxed with a little fighting, because according to the title which emphasizes the realist thinking of heroes and improving a kingdom, it is certain that repairing a rotten kingdom is not always by fighting, but in the political economy, customary and cultural policies apply in realizing the concept of the story. this anime. In the story we are shown various things that caused the kingdom to experience a crisis and how the MC handled the situation by quoting several histories and books by famous figures. In my opinion, this isekai anime which is ...
Hi, I watched the show, and in all the episodes, the voice acting was great, but please don't add too many cut scenes; it will make the show bad. For example, the powerful fire mage in episode 8 vs. Azest got past him in order to fight Desir and his team. That fire mage guy is really neat, and I like the character. You could at least show us what happened between Azest and the fire mage guy, Gabrial. Also in episode 12, please don't cut off the chess match between Desir and Zod Exarion. How Desir would defeat defeat Zod Exarion in the ...
Dark Gathering: Let's play a game of hide-and-seek. But you can only do it late in the night, and please have your headphones on for the special effects...because...I'VE FOUND YOU.. . If there was ONE genre that I wish had stood out more in the modern day and age of copy-paste Isekai, fantasy, and reincarnation stories, we've seen one show too many, and it's the horror genre. But then again, horror is a genre that not many authors nor creators can get it right, much less from the one sole afficionado of a famed mangaka that brought us much of the genre's fame: the illusive Junji Ito. ...
if you like harem but all the girls win, this is the show for you, please I beg you all this is the best romcom in history of anime, although it is more to a parody and not to be taken serious, you will really enjoy this PEAK anime, I regret only knowing this anime this year and not early, the manga that is the original source is the best manga.. IN conclusion, I have to admit that this is the best show for me this year, it show great comedy, humor and so much more than normal romance from other, you should really watch this!!!
Without a doubt, this anime is a gem, and you will certainly have an amazing time watching it if you don't judge it based on it cartoonish character appearance.. . Odd Taxi combines between drama, mystery, and humor. I can say it has a pretty unique story with some incredible hints, also features really well-written dialogues, and the connections between the characters seem realistic.. . The cast of characters is very diverse. Aside from the grumpy taxi driver, you have two failing comedians, a validation seeking college student, a coldhearted idol, a foolish criminal, a nice guy doctor, a corrupt cop, and many other interesting characters who all ...
There’s something in the water with shows with the word “Girlfriend” in it this season. You have Girlfriend, Girlfriend’s second season, which was a hilarious sequel, and then there’s this one, something quite special honestly in the harem genre, a genre that is seen as low-brow entertainment. A guy that gets together with so many girls, one might say it’s a bit of a wish fulfillment fantasy, but when one watches it, from the outset, there’s just something different about it.. . I always say that if a show is trashy, it might as well be as unhinged as possible, and this one certainly understood that assignment. ...
Although there are hints of a potentially serious story at the beginning, I almost disregarded 'Helck' as a pointless comedy because let's be real, many anime waste their potential, such as Spy x Family who could be so much better just by ACTUALLY EXPLORING ITS PREMISE and having the characters work together. Disregarding 'Helck' would have been a big mistake! A mistake a lot of people apparently made, but I'm glad I stuck with it - very much so - because the story does get real!. . First, let's get the concise stuff out of the way.. . Art: 6/10, fine. Not much wrong with it, if any. Subjectively, ...
Harem has a problem that has been little considered: stories of this type are oriented so that the viewer is immersed in a fantasy where a group of people (generally, girls) have feelings for the main character, so it depends on the time of participation is given to each lover as the ability of its author to generate interesting stories with so many characters that pursue their crush.. . So if you add a "Point A to Point B" style story such as having to choose one of them was that purpose, it leads you to demand between generating expectation in the viewer of who is likely ...
The only downside only one is... Poor CGI, and rushed story, like wtf how tight your budget must be to do this wrong? Just change the scene a little so you won't need to use expensive effects/animations. What is so hard?. You have perfect reference material, one of the most unique and popular webtoon. Yet you rush the story, make fights worse every episode and the last episode does a highlight at the end for at least 6 other episodes completely skipping character development for these characters that will be somewhat important in the second season if there will be. Like really wtf? If you only ...
With its first few minutes that draws you in with great speed, its unique quality and different drawing style, its opening that will make you watch itself with its magnificent music and artistic texture even for those who do not like to watch openings, and its action scenes that are detailed in such a way that the sword clashes are not overlooked, neither overwhelming with too much nor insufficient with too little throughout the series, with its witcher-esque music playing behind the battle, with scenes of familial drama touching those common points of the soul of the Far East and the Middle East, with comedy ...
Oh, it's a hundred now, WHAT THE HELL? Somehow I'm not living my life right... Okay, let's get to the review without any envy and without any regrets.. . Harem can hardly be called one of the most popular anime genres, but nevertheless, the autumn season gave us a couple of anime adaptations of such a wonderful genre: well distinguished Seiken Gakuin no Makentsukai and Kanojo mo Kanojo, which received a sequel in the form of a second season. However, the anime Kimi no koto ga daidaidaidaidaidai suki na 100-nin no Kanojo by Bibury Animation Studios, which was written by 5-toubun no Hanayome ∬ and its film, ...
Most rom-com with harem elements these days involve a protagonist with 3 or more girls throwing themselves at him. What if we get a show where a protagonist has to date 100 girls?. It's not easy to focus a story about one guy and him potentially getting together with 100 girls. Think about it, the minimal amount of episodes the show needs would be 100 episodes, assuming one per girl per episode, yet we get just a 12-episode season. Obviously, the anime wasn't going t have the protagonist Rentarou Aijo accomplishing this goal. It hasn't even been accomplished in the manga yet. The promotional material ...
100 Girlfriends Who REALLY Love You - This is it; we've officially hit PEAK Trash Harem Rom-com, the likes of which we have not seen since time millenia, in the most flawless and outlandish way ever done possible.. . For all of what the AniManga industry has to offer since its humble beginnings decades ago, only one genre stands out the most due to its consistent relevancy: the romance genre, which comes in a lot of flavours for everyone's enjoyment. And seemingly, one of the most popular themes from that genre would come to define the next level of enjoyment: harem. Sure, you have the obvious ones, ...
When it comes to anime like Hyakkano, they never fail to push the boundaries between what is appropriate or full-on immoral shitfest. The duo, an author on crack writing every 100 girlfriends to never lose while the illustrator whose hand is definitely messed up for draw multiple girls that will subsequently increase to the 100 limit. It is another anime that followed the flow of having an overly insane premise combined by the talent of the staff to achieve culturedness.. . Before we talk about the story, the staff working on this really did a great job with Hyakkano. While the manga had fourth wall breaks and ...
This is one of the best shonen anime. Maybe this series doesn't catch your attention from the beginning, because the start is nothing special, just your typical shonen series, but sooner than later you'll see that you're completely absorbed by his world and amazing characters.. . The best thing about this anime to me is the friendship between the two protagonists, Gon and Killua, and their evolution during the series. The friendship between these two is really heartwarming and it is difficult to not empathize with them. But all the important characters are great in it's own way, they all feel like humans and not NPCs made ...
I was initially skeptical about this anime, but it surpassed my expectations. I haven't laughed this much in a long time. It's truly one of the best anime experiences.. . All the characters in this anime are just so likable, and that's what makes every little thing in the story interesting and memorable. It's the characters that make this anime special.. . While the story may not be entirely unique, the time invested in this anime was far from wasted. It serves as the perfect remedy after a long day — if you're seeking laughter, this anime delivers precisely that. Despite the familiar narrative, the enjoyment it brings ...
In a medium as rich and successful as anime, there are lots of genres that become so saturated with well-trodden tropes and canned story beats that they inevitably become completely and irrevocably stale even for their staunch aficionados. Occasional attempts at narrative subversion may try to steer such genres in a new direction, but those are far and few in between and don't always hit the mark with their tone and execution.. . But every once in a while there comes a work that doesn't attempt to say anything new; instead, it takes everything the genre has become known and loved for and tries to make it ...
On the surface, Kimizero appears to just be a self-insert fantasy, where the unpopular guy gets the popular girl without any effort. While that is certainly how it starts off, it ends up telling a surprisingly deep and complex story. I would call Kimizero a celebration of imperfection: people make wrong choices, but that is okay, mistakes are something you can learn from! You can have one idea at one time and a different idea at another time — it's fine to change your mind! Different people have different preferences! Some parts of the show will seem blindingly inconsistent, but that misses the bigger point ...
It's a really fun, chill and soothing show and I really enjoyed it. If you're a fan of anime like Yuru Camp, Non Non Biyori, K-On etc. you're going to love this one.. . There is some drama in here for sure, but it's executed in a way that doesn't really disrupt the overall laidback atmosphere of the show and it really contributes to probably the best characteristic of this show which are it's characters. Characters are really flashed out and feel completely natural. The show doesn't focus on the main couple alone, but on the friendship between a group of characters and each one of them ...
This is my first ever review here, I would try my best to avoid spoilers. . Coming into Tearmoon Empire, I wasn't sure what to expect. Reincarnation fantasy with shades of French Revolution satire? It sounded like a recipe for either campy melodrama or heavy-handed political allegory. But, to my pleasant surprise, Tearmoon Empire turned out to be a delightfully engaging blend of humor, intrigue, and genuine character growth.. . The premise is intriguing: Princess Mia, executed for her opulent lifestyle and obliviousness to her people's plight, gets a do-over eight years in the past. Now a pre-teen, she has a second chance to avoid her empire's downfall ...
Out of all the anime to air in the Fall 2023 season, My New Boss is Goofy completely flew under the radar. This anime follows Kentarou Momose, a new hire at an advertising company after quitting his last job due to an abusive boss. Kentarou’s new manager is Yuusei Shirosaki, someone who almost immediately puts the former’s anxieties at ease. I actually like the character background behind these two and how it’s utilized for the sake of the series as Momose’s traumatic experiences at his old job still haunt him from time to time, but Shirosaki is able to bring some comfort to his new ...
One of the most enjoyable shows of all time. One can never make a statement like that on objective criteria, except if its about Samurai Champloo.. . Now there are 2 reasons to watch this anime. The first and most obvious one, the characters. Mugen, Fuu, and Jin are the greatest mcs to ever do it. In every episode the way they bounce off each other is unmatched. 2 loners stuck together by someone who refuses to let them spilt ( and also kill each other ). There is too much to love about the dynamic that they share. Mugen is the fan favourite but it would've ...
An anime masterpiece! With a flawless blend of gripping storytelling, breathtaking animation, and a resonant soundtrack, this series earns a solid 10/10. Its profound exploration of themes and impeccable pacing make it a must-watch. In conclusion, this anime is a triumph in every sense of the word. It is an immersive journey that transcends the medium's boundaries, leaving an indelible mark on the hearts and minds of its audience. With its compelling narrative, stunning visuals, and emotional resonance, it is a 10/10 masterpiece that stands as a shining example of what anime can achieve. Do yourself a favor and dive headfirst into this extraordinary world ...
My New Boss Is Goofy. What a unique title. With that, I chose to give the show a watch out of curiosity.. . I'm glad I did. The show is based around the lives of Kentaro Momose, who has quit his old job working under a powerdrunk and abusive boss and his new boss, Yusei Shirosaki. Momose starts working under Shirosaki and at first is worried about possibly getting on the bad side of his new boss. It soon turns out, however, that Shirosaki is nothing like Momose's old boss and is a kind-hearted, yet extremely goofy guy and the two strike up an immediate friendship. ...
this Verse is threatned the Vengeance of God on the wicked unbelieving Israelites, that were God’s visible People, and lived under Means of. Grace; and that, notwithstanding all. God’s wonderful Works that he had wrought towards that People, yet remained, as is expressed,. ver. 28. void of Counsel, having no Understanding in them; and that, under all the Cultivations of. Heaven, brought forth bitter and poisonous Fruit;. as in the two Verses next preceeding the Text.. The Expression that I have chosen for my Text,. Their Foot shall slide in due Time; seems to imply the. following Things, relating to the Punishment and. Destruction that these wicked Israelites were exposed to.. 4 Sinners in the ...
Honestly, this feels like a masterpiece that has been overlooked for far too long. If it ever gets a remastering, id imagine itd be VERY popular. That being said, lets go over it. This series has a never ending struggle that has a hopeful tone to it. The characters feel relatable and well rounded, giving many different and unique perspectives of the main plot. My only real complaint is that I wished to see more.. The technology and the state of the world feels mysterious and perhaps it is a part of this series charm eventhough I would have loved to delve in deeper. I ...
I believe that the rating for this anime currently (5.95) on MAL is unfair, the work surprised me, it talks about injustice, fear of the past, power relations and especially how people can be rotten inside or simply very pure. I understand the lack of popularity since a pig protagonist is strange, plus the story is quite heavy and has its flaws in the narrative, but that said, people judged the work too soon.. . Creio que a nota desse anime atualmente (5.95) no MAL é injusta, a obra me surpreendeu, ela fala sobre injustiças, o medo do passado, relações de poder e principalmente como as pessoas ...
Animation is consistently good/amazing, has some fascinating ideas and approaches the morals over technology, though maybe it could use more. The movie is mostly action and the characters are mostly meh, not having much to them-rather being there as puppets to play/make the story happen. This is all steampunk style so if you like steampunk and engineering, id say this is a pretty good fantasy-like story. Its exciting, full of action, and fun to watch. I do like the steampunk style, although it is not my favorite I still enjoyed watching this movie, but I dont think Ill rewatch it.. I would mostly recommend this to ...
Do not watch this work based on its rating, as many people denied the idea of the protagonist being a pig, do not think that it is a romance between a girl and a pig, as this is completely secondary, a complex subject, an interesting world about why does this Yetma exist,. an adventure with sad and heavy parts, which leaves questions unanswered, but in the end everything is clarified. I recommend the work. . Não assista essa obra com base na sua classificação, pois muita gente negou a ideia do protagonista ser um porco, não pense que se trata de um romance entre uma menina e um porco, ...
The series is good. I really enjoyed the Manwha, it was something different. Thought the anime adaptation skips throgh four archs in one season. I have mixed feelings about that. The archs that were skipped over had a lot of character building in them that was almost completely skipped over in the anime. On the other end, they did cover all of the important stuff that needed to be covered and I'm not sure if everybody would want to stick arround for two or three seasons of character development. So this very quick run through of the first part of the series was probably necessary ...
its such thrilling and unique story. do we still see some cliche plots... nope, just a feeling. there are some aspects in this serie which makes it different than the classical shounen genre and naruto-like hidden power animes, which is hard to find in this huge pile of low quality animes. the bond between our "two" main characters, makes us feel it through the events, and the loneliness of the first introduced "main" character, gives a depth into the storyline while it continues. even though we still have that one kid in the serie, who is always being nice to others, its necessary for the ...
This is a typical harem anime that you can watch with pleasure. It has funny and sometimes trashy characters and scenes. If you like trashy and often sexual humor, then this anime will not leave you indifferent. I would like to list the pros and cons that can be noticed and that will be noticeable to you while watching.. Pros:. -No fake Ecchi. -Not very tense good school atmosphere. -Interesting girls. -Anime will not make you bored (IF you are not afraid of the humor mentioned above). -Cute and funny situations according to all the canons of rom-coms. -Typical light and romantic soundtracks. I recommend this anime to those who are tired of ...
Mamo, a very old, and extremely rich man calling himself “God” is searching for the secret to eternal life.. . The secret may lie within the Philosopher Stone (or as the Americans call it: The Sorcerer's Stone).. Which he gets Fujiko to manipulating Lupin into stealing. And in exchange she, aswell as Lupin, will be granted eternal life in this new world.. . But immortality is a curse, not a gift. And Lupin has no interest in living forever. After all he does what he does for the thrill. If there were no risks what would be the motivation.. . And if Fujiko thinks that she’d be free and spend her ...
Tetsujin 28-gou (2004) is a reimagining of the original manga. Taking place in the 1950s, it draws heavily from the two most famous arcs in the manga to tell its own original story. Like the manga, its one-part mecha story and one part hardboiled detective story. One thing that this adaption adds is emotional depth. Shotarou seems more vulnerable, more flawed, and more human here. The story as a whole is more emotional, with more focus being on the characters compared to the action, and with the characters personal motivations and backstories playing a larger role than usual. Many of the episodes are genuine tearjerkers. ...
I'm honestly pleasantly surprised by this movie. The animation is consistently well made, the characters are all well rounded and is overall touching and magical. Everything is connected and has moments of deep self reflection for each of the characters. Its a great Christmas-y anime that gives a humorous experience despite the struggles the main cast deal with throughout the show. I love the way this movie portrays homelessness. It feels realistic, you struggle with the cast as they journey. Each of the characters truly do feel alive and human with the way they interact with eachother and their surroundings, as well of each of ...
This is an extremely generic power fantasy that, as others have mentioned, does nothing remarkable. While it does hit all of the cliches, the show stands to be entertaining if you are seeking a mindless show where an overpowered MC does overpowered MC things. Since this is my favorite genre, I thoroughly enjoyed the show since it has everything I want in a fantasy show. If something more complex and beautiful is sought, then this is certainly not the show. But like all shows of this genre, it has a specific audience that will love it. This is not to be watched for groundbreaking animation ...
I highly recommend this anime Nice! 10/10.. the plot, the characters, the art style, the animation the sequence of events it is just so amazing.. Even though it started off when they kidnapped her and sold her to the palace everyone was kind and supportive to her. this is one of the most amazing historical romance comedy anime I’ve ever watched in a while. I noticed no flaws whatsoever the combining strengths of the characters made the anime super duper amazing. Their reactions to different situations were laughable and surprising. Y’all will enjoy this series. There is no boring episodes when watching apothecary diaries. I highly recommend ...
Code Geass is a mind-bending rollercoaster that gripped me from the start. Lelouch vi Britannia's journey, with supernatural power (Geass) and intricate strategy, leads to a tale of political chess and personal sacrifice. The plot's complexity, morally ambiguous characters, and jaw-dropping twists kept me on the edge. With its philosophical depth and stunning animation, Code Geass isn't just a show, it's a thought-provoking, emotionally charged experience challenging my notions of right and wrong. It's a must-watch for those craving a narrative that's as strategic as it is thrilling. In the very end the death of Lelouch vi Britannia was essential for the future ...
Yet another thrilling and entertaining season of Goblin Slayer. The only shame is that it does not reveal any crucial backstory and is rather a series of short stories. With one having an annoying extra character. It's not so deep as a first-season and it looks like they had to cut some mature content that was in a first season the strawberry on a cake. Plus I think the budget was tighter for some reason.. For everyone who enjoyed the first season, I can somehow recommend it. Just don't expect the same feel as in the first season or the movie. Be sure to watch the ...
(There is only a minor "spoiler" ahead but nothing concrete.). Ever since Bakarina (especially the second season) it feels like Anime where the Main Heroine who is going to die because she's a bad person becomes good because someone other got reincarnated in their bodies and want to change their fate seems to be quite popular (you can find way more of such stories in Manga and Manwha). So especially if you saw some Anime of those kind, you may ask yourself "So why should I watch another one of those? Isn't it the same as always?" - So let me answer: "No, not at ...
Its a 10 out of 10 ! Loved EVERYTHING ! Story is sad, but we have someone that do his best to work, that is still stressed by his old job and mostly his previous boss, and got a new kind and loveable one.. (small spoiler : Ddidn't expected that the cat would have a VA) buit i was in love with running gag of aoyama (mostly the last episode that make me laugh out very loud ! Relationship between our main characters was very beautifull and if i would say something bad, is the fact that we didn't end with more Yaoi, ...
I am not the biggest fan of Precure, but as a person who likes the series, I never expected something like OtonaPre to ever exist. Basically, it is a "sequel" to Yes Precure 5 Go Go, where everyone is already an adult (I think the show occurs approximately 10 years after 5GoGo ended). A lot of things happened in this meantime, and almost everything has changed in the protagonists' lives because of their pursuit of their dreams.. . The designs have obviously changed, and there were some that I liked and others that I didn't, but in the overall, they were good.. . The animation is bad. I know ...
Plot. Rich entitled princess is executed by a guillotine after a violent revolution. She wakes up in the past, when she was just ten years old, along with her diary of the full record of future events. Now, she must try to change the cruel fate of guillotine and stop the revolution before it ever begins. However, many of her selfish actions, are misunderstood by others as some genius 4D chess moves, gaining her the title "wisdom of the empire".. . Review. The hook itself is not exactly new. We have seen this "falling upwards" trope many times in the past. Buggy from OnePiece or Ainz from OverLord ...
Alongside Re Zero, this is peak isekai. While most other isekai shows seem really dumb or stupid, and try to have their own special gimick, this is just a normal reincarnation. There isn't any being reincarnated as a sword, or being reincarnated as a vending machine. It just follows the life of a normal human in another world.. . Unlike other isekai out there, this show isn't stupid. There's no overpowered MC, and the main character doesnt get a harem of twelve girls in the first episode for simply existing. Rudeus has to go through his own struggles as a character, and the trauma from his past ...
Ah , the 1972 Toei Mazinger Z anime , this show is good , but the few problems are the episodes are all Monster of the week , and the animation is very janky , also this show is very Mazinger heavy in the episodes, and yes the robot is important in this show , nothing wrong with that , Koji is really based in this show , his views on Women is so me , he the best part of Mazinger , the villains are cool but they don't hurt the heroes much , except for background characters, this show is a ...
Art: 10. Soundtrack: 9. Story: 10. . As an old timer anime lover, it's kinda reminds me old time anime hits. Slow pace with side stories, that contribute to the main story.. In fact, the side stories are pretty good too.... . As someone who probably already read a thousand manga, this story isn't that unique for me.... The story set in the world is indeed very interesting with the different races, the way of combating, the way of living.. Definitely not unique.Though, I would say that the perceptive of the storytelling and characters are indeed very unique that intrigue me the most... It brings up a very strong feeling of slice ...
Definitely my favourite anime film, at which I get mercilessly emotional no matter how many times I have watched it. A film covered under all those your name or shape of voice, really underrated and motivating me to think that one day there will be a person in my life who will see someone of value in me and love me like that, also trying to squeeze the best out of me.. The girl whose mouth we'll see for practically the whole film is a truly lovable character and awesome waifu material.. I recommend it wholeheartedly. Give it a chance, otherwise Maras will come at you and ...
"Insomniacs After School" took a special place in my heart, like a lot of anime that explores themes of stars, breathtaking views, and travels. This one is no different.. . The way the story unfolded felt so genuine and down-to-earth, didn't it? It is beautifully crafted without any forced elements (you know, like unnecessary love triangles or toxic relationships, to keep you heart racing and nervous system failing). It's like a warm, cozy blanket of a story, wrapping you up in all these feelings about friendship, those sweet, awkward moments of first love, and all the highs and lows of growing up.. . I totally fell for the characters ...
Another season of a very non stereotypical family, where misunderstanding keeps happening, with Anya being the only one knowing better.. . Through this season are we delving further into the Forger family's life and their affairs. We get multiple shorter stories with a major one in the middle of the season, which makes the overall feeling of the season feel a bit more slow paced.. . The plot for the season has much focus on showing smaller aspects of the characters and their life. The major arc in the season though seems to have more focus on Yor and how her life affects her current situation with Anya and ...
You really can't go wrong with Spy x Family if you're looking for a fun and wholesome experience. I'm going to keep it short and say that if you liked the previous season, then no doubt you'll enjoy this season too.. . While it starts out weak with a few episodes of slice of life nothingness (And nothing wrong with that, we're here for those silly little bits too), we do inevitably hit the cruise ship arc that more than makes up for the wait. At long last, we're given what we lacked in the first season and that is more Yor-centric content. A spotlight is shined ...
NOTE: This review was originally posted on 12/29/2020. I plan to post all of my Letterboxd anime reviews on MAL.. . It's been a while since I have seen Demon City Shinjuku and I recently bought the Discotek Blu-Ray from Right Stuf's Holiday Sale. Seeing that the year is almost over, I wanted to revisit this film soon. I have a lot of nostalgia for this anime because I used to watch anime on the Sci-Fi channel when I was a little kid. I was watching anime from a younger age than most Millennials around my age group did (People born in the late 80s and early ...
What would you do if you failed to save the world? What if you had one more chance? What would you do differently? That is what this story is trying to tell, the story of a second chance.. . A Returner's Magic Should Be Special is about how Desir failed to save the world and now gets a second chance, by traveling back to the start of his time in a magical academy. We then follow him trying to change what happened originally, to hopefully change the outcome of the world's possible end.. . The plot is very much about the growth of characters and to start building up ...
So, Spy x Family Season 2 has finally finished and as a huge fan of season 1 I decided to make a review covering my thoughts on the second season. Now when comparing this to season 1 I have to say that for me personally Season 2 is slightly weaker than the first season. That isn’t saying this season is bad because it is very good but this season decided to spend some episodes focusing on other characters outside of the main 3 and while they weren’t bad episodes I would have preferred to spend time with our main core characters.. . This season had a ...
This show has been my comfort food every season it's on, delivering sweetness and humor with a touch of action and adventure thrown in for good measure, and while that would be enough to give it pretty high marks regardless, this is also one of those series that has always managed to up the ante in some way. Each of the first two cours gave me something to fawn over, including what is still the strongest emotional moment of the series so far in the first (asshole made Anya cry!) and the most epic game of doubles dennis in the second. These ensure that the ...
In the realm of storytelling, few narratives dare to traverse the delicate balance between the ephemeral nature of life and the timeless wisdom it imparts. "Sousou no Frieren" masterfully accomplishes this, crafting a tale that resonates with the profundity of life's fleeting moments and the enduring echoes they leave behind.. . At its core, this anime is not merely a series; it is a philosophical exploration wrapped in a visually stunning package. It delves into existential quandaries—purpose, significance, mortality—with a deftness that is both thought-provoking and deeply moving. This narrative is a poignant reminder that life's brevity does not diminish its value; rather, it amplifies the importance ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (9). The story is about a human hero who is going into the devil's place because already giving up on humanity. In the middle of the journey, you're going to find out the truth about the backstory of Helck (Main Character) and the reason why He's stopped being a hero. It becomes interesting when humans and the devil are battling against each other while Helck is doubtful about which side He's gonna be on. There are a lot of comedy scenes in this anime!. . Art (9). The art in this anime is excellence! I like the color, glow, and ...
A story that follows the hero and his party on a quest to vanquish evil, and purify the cursed lands.. . This season of The Faraway Paladin revolves around the tale of the rust mountain and its denizens. We follow William going on a quest to help them, where he travels with a band of friends, to cleanse the mountain from the evil that has overtaken it.. . The plot is very linear and follows the classic structure of an adventure group going out to save the lands. It is generally done in an interesting way, that explores the road they have to travel and the dangers along the ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (9). The story is about the continuation of the first season where they are still taking a quest related to the goblin. In the middle of the story, there are several new characters that are involved in the quest. Not only that, they also found a new dungeon where it might be the base camp of goblins.. . Art (9). The art in this anime is excellence! I like the color, glow, and shadow they used for this anime. The animation style is the same as the first season. I love the last episode where there is a huge ...
Amazingly underrated anime. The plot/story are refreshing compared to the reincarnation, harem, and RPG stuff that's been most common in the last few years. Kind of a mix of ninja and old school military stories that were popular years ago. And add a few dashes of various types of humor. It is of course a totally unrealistic story which is the intent, and in fact, it is patently absurd, but so what. Nothing except a few slice-of-life anime have any realism.. . I can't understand why people are saying the animation quality is poor. The styling is similar to that used ...
Tearmoon Empire - Simply put, Princess Mia Luna Tearmoon is a supporting MVP, and her VA, Sumire Uesaka, is a riot who guillotines the show with absolute precision!. . I have heard of novelist Nozomu Mochitsuki's Tearmoon Teikoku Monogatari a.k.a Tearmoon Empire, but like with all things related to real life, I just didn't get the time proper to actually sit down and read the LN, much less the manga adaptation of it. That is, until Silver Link's adaptation this year came around this season, which gave me the perfect chance to experience the LN/manga in anime form, and I have to say that despite the clash ...
Spy X Family's second season gives us more of what we have come to expect of the series while maintaining its stride. Most of the show's improvements in its structuring of stories and division of time between cast members have continued from the tail end of season 1 and into this season. Despite this, it would seem that the show is nearing the upper limit of its quality. While Spy Family is still undoubtedly entertaining and has a high level of polish in everything, from its comedic timing, animation, and voice acting, nothing truly exceptional distinguishes the series. This is not to say that the ...
Good anime based on a great manga. Quite fast-paced unlike its manga counterpart. But still looks and feels great.. The animation quality is normal maybe above normal considering the anime doesn't use CGI. At least I had not seen any.. Fights are quite interestingly animated, and everything looks like the manga counterpart. The adaptation is fabulously made.. The only negative I can say is its fast-paced nature. Everything is too compacted. It could easily have been anime with 20 episodes.. Even tho this anime is quite entertaining and I think everyone who watches the first episode will get easily hooked.
Spy x Family has truly managed to grab an audience since its premiere. With multiple seasons, games, and even an upcoming movie in the making, it's easy to say the franchise has been a success. However, it's more than a success. For what it managed to set itself from other spy-action related shows, Spy x Family proves that creative ideas combining family love and an spy elements can easily win an audience.. . Taking directly off from the previous seasons, the show reintroduces our familiar main cast. The Forger family consisting of Yor, Loid, Anya, and their companion Bond undertakes misisons and daily life adventures this season. ...
Yu Yu Hakusho is a show that can't be recreated no matter how hard one may try. Despite being nearly 30 years old it's aged perfectly; I truly think that this show has captured what makes pre-digital animation so great. The characters are unique and dynamic, as well as how the soundtrack and animation bend to fit in their emotions in a believable way. All this and more is why I would recommend you watch this classic anime.. . Story(9/10): The story is flawed as it is the authors first attempt at writing battle shounen, as well as one of the first shounen ever, however in spite ...
I honestly don't know how this anime does what it does.. . Looking at it from afar, it seems to be one of the most generic power-fantasy isekai, harem, tropey, cliché animes that has aired in recent years.. Honestly speaking, this anime is exactly that, but it knows it's that, it wants to be that and it cranks it all up to 11, to become one of the most enjoyable iterations of that premise that has come out in quite a few years now - and season 2 just keeps it going.. . Cid is still an absolutely clueless idiot, going around doing whatever he wants in the name of ...
Very nice modern romance. . I didn't have much expectations for this anime although it did perform slightly above my expectations, especially when the studio ENGI are kind of only known for their mediocre animes besides Uzaki which is their only anime which has performed well ish.. . The anime highlights social issues in the dating scene where the MC Ryuuto falls in love with a gyaru Runa who sadly has had alot of previous relationships and experienced alot of things in those, including the deed only to be dumped after a month or two by them. Then she meets Ryuuto who is a sincere person who genuinely ...
So, I've now finished Goblin Slayer II and, I must say, that it doesn't have the same gravitas that season 1 did.. . Although still very enjoyable and something that does stand-out above the heaps of generic fantasy/isekai trash that are pouring out lately, I do not think that this stands out as high as S1 did initially.. . I could call it watered-down, as the show does still depict graphic scenes and lots of brutal goblin-murdering, but again, the shock-factor and gruesomeness of S2 is just not on the same level as S1.. . This season focusses far more on the Priestess growing as a person, coming to ...
Code Geass: Hangyaku no Lelouch R2 ventures into uncharted territory, attempting to redefine the established norms set by its predecessor. The season starts with a reboot-like feel but builds up to a gripping narrative and an unforgettable ending.. . Fans may feel unsettled by the protagonist's memory loss and seemingly strange relationships with his friend at the start of the season. Yet, if fans persevere in watching the season, they will be rewarded with a profound climax that eclipses these nuances and leaves an indelible mark on the viewer.. . Like in the previous season, the series employs a masterful blend of moral dilemmas, character evolution, and intricate plot ...
Code Geass isn't just an anime; it's an emotional rollercoaster. Picture this: a world where Britain's rule reshapes reality, coupled with the gripping tale of a protagonist wielding the power of Geass.. The first season intricately sketches the protagonist's journey, tearing at your heartstrings with every shifting relationship and descent into the darkness of the mind. This series is a gut-punch reminder of how power corrupts.. The unique animation style, though specific, doesn't diminish the impact of its powerful moments.. The finale? Tears, pure and simple.. For those seeking thrilling mecha battles, intricate character manipulations, and morally riveting storytelling, Code Geass is an unmissable masterpiece ...
The Boy and the Heron was a movie I had the pleasure of watching recently. Unlike Miyazaki's other works such as Spirited Away and My Neighborhood Totoro, the plot of the story at times was difficult to follow and its themes were hard to decipher. In my eyes though, that's what differentiates this film from anything I've seen before, and what lies at the core of this film isn't necessarily about logic or rationality. Combining surrealism with fantasy, Miyazaki creates an unconventional yet refreshing setting which of course, is amplified by his remarkable art style. The movie depicts that the limits of imagination are truly ...
Tate no Yuusha now joins a very short list of anime able to recover from a mediocre, let alone disastrous season.. . I have to be clear here: Season 2 was so bad that I, someone who hates leaving things uncompleted, dropped it only a few episodes in. It was bad.. . So you might at this point be asking yourself: "Wait, did you just skip the entire second season and watch the third without any context whatsoever?". . Sure did.. . Might seem weird but honestly it wasn't that bad. Sure, there were a couple of things that were confusing and a character here and there I didn't know, but overall I ...
I'll admit there may be some biases in my review having experienced a full house at midnight in Japan on a weekday, but this movie really encapsulates the charms of Spy x Family while keeping the audience engaged with a high-stakes story. Comparing it to the 2 seasons that have aired so far, this (while not "canon") is the most exciting Spy x Family arc I've been able to watch.. . If you enjoy Spy x Family as a whole, it's a great fun watch. Even for new watchers who want a nice movie to see if they want to give the show a try, it ...
The Trash Hunter series takes the well explored and exhausted plot of "The Hero's Journey" and adds a few tasty flavors to make it a very enjoyable show. The anime is only 12 episodes in, and writing this review seems a bit hasteful. However, it does enough right to leave a solid foundation for how it will progress.. . The gaming anime genre is flooded with mediocre and confusing MCs and sadly so is SLF. Rakurou, in game Sunraku, is both thoughtful and extremely stupid at the same time. And this isn't the first time we've seen a "luck" build. Sunraku ends up skipping a lot of ...
If someone wants to watch this masterpiece I highly recommend it, to be aware about the comments just try it, and then think about it, If you want to keep it, You can, but it is your own opinion, remember watch a series is your own decision , but I can't let go my review, this first season was really impacting because the main character is some weird, but the story itself is a kind of fun, excellent VA, the development, the personalities, except for the main character is an airbrain hahaha, but it is pleasant, You should give a trying
Story: 6.5. Characters: 7.5. Animation: 7.5. Sound: 9. Enjoyment: 8. Overall: 7.7/10. . . Slower-paced, less action, and with an episodic feel to it this time around. To top it all off, we have a studio change which is kinda hit and miss at the same time. For some, all of this is a deal breaker. But not for me. S2 of Goblin Slayer was like revisiting an old friend; not quite the same as the last time I saw them, but after an icebreaker it's as if we never parted ways.. . ...
I can is a excellent, one of the best Rom-Com of Harem, I hope it get another season. I really recommend it, I have enjoyed the first season that was an interesting hit of the season, but this season was more hitting that I expected, definitely I loved it, the characters, the fun facts of the story how was evolving apart from the two-timing date with Sakisaki and the another girl, was too exciting and hilarious at the sametime, the blonde girl who was rowed by the weird form of the personality of the Mukai kun, I was some shocked at the begining but the ...
Released in 2005 to promote the Indy Racing League, Oval x Over remains an overlooked gem in Hiroyuki Imaishi's resume. That's mostly due to the fact this short has remained untranslated until 2019 when distributor Anime Unlimited included it in a short film compilation. It took over a decade but fans finally understand what this short was about.. . The story is that a racing tournament is being heldnto determine who's the fastest in the world. A man named Arth is a longtime champion of this race and two fearsome competitors, Glavis and Bern, fervently want to rob him of this title. That's honestly all there ...
This review will make sure you have the correct expectations before watching season 2.. . Season 2 is superior to the first half of season 1, however, it does not reach the heights of the second half of season 1, at least for me. Why is that? Season 2's comedy is superior. Season 2's 3 story arcs are more interesting. Cid's annoying school friends Jada/Hyoro (that need to be killed off ASAP as they ruin the show) are only predominate in 1 episode in season 2. It also maintains its top tier animation. Unfortunately Season 2's fight scenes are inferior. The witch of Calamity vs Shadow ...
A story where someone who has never been in a lovely relationship is good. In this anime, that person meets a girl who has experienced many relationships. Moments where one of them has never experienced and otherwise happens. Also, some scenes are not common in most romance anime. The story is written in understandable sequence so that audiences can comprehend the plot. This is the good point of the anime story. Speaking of the characters, they behave appropriately as the story moves.. . The graphic is alright. It has an acceptable quality for romance anime. Maybe they may put some works with the colors so that ...
Goblin Slayer's second season is quite a fun adventure, although, perhaps not as essential as the first season. It's still worth a watch so you can witness how things proceed, but the first season has a unique magic to it that is hard to match. Goblin Slayer 2 is a very simple and standard anime, but if you're in the mood for a very straightforward JRPG type anime, this should satisfy you.. . There's not too much to say about this anime. It's not bad by any means, but it's like background anime, as opposed to foreground anime. You watch this to satiate you as you wait ...
Genuinely would give 7.5 if I could!. . This was very cute! Charlotte and Allen had great chemistry. More so, I felt the way they developed feelings for one another was well paced! Felt soo natural! They were both so adorable and charming as characters, very easy to watch their story unfold!. . The only real critic I have, is that due to the title, I thought this was going to be - naughtier.. . I thought we were going to see Allen doing things like making Charlotte hold hands with him, and then building up little moments like that until an eventual kiss by the end.. . I ...
The concept of a young girl being chosen to save the world from monstrous creatures is a theme that has been explored extensively in various forms of media. However, one anime that stands out from the rest is the one that features a group of girls with unique abilities, who have been tasked with saving humanity from the clutches of terrifying beasts.. . This anime distinguishes itself through its intricate storyline, well-crafted characters voiced by talented actors, and exceptional musical score. Furthermore, the series delves into various complex themes and real-world secrets that require the viewer's close attention.. . One particular episode, episode 10, presents a particularly poignant moment ...
The anime was great. It was really clever too. Like how it changed to live action footage and that was cleverly done. I applaud that. It was also funny, and had some amazing drama in it. I just loved this anime. It was adorable too, but mostly funny. The creators must have had fun creating this anime. It seemed like it anyway, and I like that.. . The story was great. It was dramatic from a few points, but it got its humour back in the end.. . The art and animation was good. I just liked how they were able to incorporate the live action footage and ...
This is a teenager's romantic show that I think is somewhat useful for boys and young men, but maybe not so much for girls or women.. In short you can expect a sugary development, a modicum of drama in the form of misunderstandings, some character development of our couple and enough bitterness to temper the bliss.. In conclusion a decent romantic show, mostly generic, low levels of humor and a mediocre production value and performance.. . The premise is not a new one, nerd boy (Ryuuto) loses a bet and has to ask out the school's most popular girl (Runa - modest gyaru/gal type) and she ...
The Eminence in Shadow Season 2 offers a rollercoaster of entertainment, seamlessly blending humor, action, and unexpected twists. From the start, the series establishes a unique tone, highlighted by Cid's charismatic yet tactless character. The writing style maintains a perfect balance of wit and sincerity, enhancing the overall viewing experience.. . Each episode unfolds with a captivating narrative that keeps fans hooked, and character development shines as we witness both the comical and profound aspects of our protagonists. The chemistry within the Shadow Garden is a standout, creating a dynamic and endearing group bond.. . The animation team deserves applause for their meticulous attention to detail, especially evident in ...
What few people know is that our perception of elves stems entirely from the works of Tolkien. The idea that elves are humanoid eternal beings is adapted by many genres, games, and works of fiction because J.R.R. Tolkien created his universe. It impacted millions of lives throughout the twentieth and twenty-first centuries. And I am not only talking about 'The Lord of the Rings,' but also 'The Book of Lost Tales' and 'The Silmarillion.' It has been common on both sides of the critical literature analysis to deem Tolkien a unique oddity among fantasy literature, yet it impacted our very perception of elves.. . Being everlasting, being ...
NOTE: I originally wrote this review on Letterboxd on 1/12/2022. . I haven't seen Cyber City Oedo 808 in a long time, and I recently received the Discotek Blu-ray as a Christmas present. So I decided that today would be a good day to rewatch it. Cyber City Oedo 808 is just as awesome as I remembered. This anime is excellent in every way. You have a fantastic cast of characters who are both memorable and awesome. I like how each of the three gang members has their own distinct personality. Sengoku is a complete badass who is both funny and arrogant.. . The plot is essentially a ...
[ANIME PLOT]: If in the beginning there was a rush of action from back-to-front leaving, the context would be constructed in the following episodes - gradually, slowly almost painful at times. This anime tries to do a top-bottom approach of constructing the plot, from a significant event, with smaller sequences that are later explained.. [CHARACTERS]: I am at fault that I had higher expectation of Re-l Mayer, a protagonist supposely in search of truth. However, what I see instead of a perspicacious detective is a shallow personna with dady-issues (grand-daddy issues in this case). Her "curiosity" as expressed by the other characters in the anime ...
I'm really a fan of this anime and I'm happy with it because I started the anime season 1 with the idea of watching a borderline hentai anime, but after watching this season I surprised myself invested in the show.. . To begin with, the developments of the secondary characters slow down the pace of this season, which makes it a little unpleasant for spectators who want action, for me too, to be honest, but as for Goblin Slayer and the Priestess it was really enjoyable. to follow their change as the priestess hardens more and more goblin slayer detaches himself from his obsession even if ...
A sequel to the most screaming anime adaptation of Hiroyuki's most screaming harem manga, WHAT IS IT ABOUT?!?!?!?. . The two main characters, Saki and Nagisa, are joined by two more girls, Rika and Shino. While Rika is a tsundere trying to get Naoya's love and attention, Shino is more interesting because of her desire to break up the polygamous relationship between the other characters.. . The first season of Kanojo mo Kanojo was adapted under the direction of Tezuka Productions and directed by Satoshi Kuwahara, who had 5-toubun no Hanayome in his works, which could not but guarantee the success of the adaptation in the summer season of ...
the tale of the undead and the unluck, a premise I initially overlooked. One fateful night, I ventured into its world, compelled by curiosity.. . The combination of the undead, an entity that defies death, and the unluck, a force of lethal misfortune, struck me as an intriguing blend. The sheer absurdity of this series, deliberately not taking itself seriously, became its charm.. . Remarkably, the characters resonated with me, and the mild touch of lewdness, rather than being jarring, found its place within the narrative. Those unfortunate enough to overlook this series shall indeed find joy within its whimsical realm!. . I would rate this 7 out of 10
It's such a good anime. Entertaining and going fully in its original roots. It's everything you would expect from the next season of this unconventionally great anime. Every episode is so entertaining, that you won't want to stop.. Why is this anime great? Well everyone loves Overlord everyone loves Konosuba, and everyone loves Chuunibyou. Now let's combine it all into one anime and make it great.. Is this season better than last? I don't know maybe yes because it's more mature and more revealing about the world.. But man I don't understand mc he seems so... Well, he does it to entertain himself It is not about world ...
MOPS called me today, you know..... O_o. Fuck you, you'll have a fuck you! Turn off the lights. O_O. You're gonna get a fuckin' fuck you. Mops already called with the money I know you fucking stole yesterday.. What I took. That you borrowed. And you're gonna get out of house, you're gonna get a pissed blanket again.. Get the fuck away from me and fuck off.. You want to fucking piss it again?. You're fucking crazy.. ...
Is this show good, no not really. Did I have fun with it, yeah absolutely, I enjoyed it from beginning to end.. I said in my Warehouse 13 (not available on this website) review that the reason I watch so much anime is because now matter how bad it is, or how cringy it gets, it is always energetic. Unlike western media, where bad tv shows are just boring and forgettable, bad anime is memorable, cringy as fuck, annoying, and fun as hell to talk about. I don’t actually start to dislike shows until they reach 3/10s, the rest are just shows I admit are bad ...
If you've just finished watching season 2 and you're confused if you should continue with the series then the answer is YES.. . This one was a comeback season for this series after what happened in season 2 (It was horrible). Unlike the last season, the animation did improve and became godly. There were parts here and there where the quality did drop but it didnt let it affect the whole show.. . You'll be missing out on one of the best animes that came in fall 2023. This season contained everything that the previous one lacked - from animation to character development, from pacing to good ...
Masamune-kun no Revenge R, ah, the enigmatic continuation of vendettas and entangled emotions. This saga revisits the pursuit of revenge with a seasoned blend of wit and heartfelt depth. Surprisingly, while the initial season left me unimpressed, the second installment was a remarkable upturn.. . Story: This chapter ventures deeper into the intricacies of characters' pasts, meticulously fleshing out the motivations and histories previously obscured. The evolution from the first season is palpable, embellishing the narrative with minor yet impactful twists. An unexpectedly commendable closure, scoring a solid 9/10 for surpassing initial expectations.. . Art: A traditional canvas in the realm of anime aesthetics. It's comfortable, offering no groundbreaking ...
I have recently been watching rom coms/slice of life. Needed a huge break from what I normally watch. This by far was one of the most beautiful shows I have seen. Each character and their emotions felt amazing and well portrayed. I tend to skip through some episodes if I feel bored during it. This anime, I didn't skip a single beat, I binged all 3 seasons plus their OVAs and I plan on rewatching soon.. . One of the best comments I've read was "It went from adorable rom com to instant depression" and man that hit home. I'm a grown ass man and I ...
This anime in particular, give me one of the most complex feelings that i have ever felt; It really was one of the things that helped me ovecome the stress due the times that i have university entrance exams(two years and half) , so it make me feel that kind of nostalgia to the past ; well these were the conditions that i watched this anime under.. -As for the story : it's 10/10 baby, the storytelling, the events, the characters ... everything was well done. -animation: a solide 8. -music: well, the OSTs here were quite the particular ones ; that it shares the same composer (Sawano ...
A love story that shows how sometimes the one with the most experiences, is the one that actually knows the least.. . This anime is about the inexperienced Ryuuto and the experienced Runa, one having been in no relationships beforehand and the other in multiple. We then follow them through their relationship and see how it develops.. . The plot is very much about how Runa has to learn how an actual relationship is and Ryuuto is trying to learn how romance in itself works. So you get to see two people having to learn how romance works, but from two very different backgrounds. This shows some very sweet ...
technically the 500th anime i have completed. engrossing story and characters (reminded me of death note). semi stand alone so i wasn't confused. disliked how we never get to see how Mafty was founded but hopefully they will cover that in the sequel. really good animation with decent cg but you could tell they were running out of budget at the end of the movie. good voice acting as well. Ono, Kensho as the mc Noa puts on a conniving performance reminding me of his role of Canute (from vinland saga). There is a minor role played by Tsuda, Kenjirou one of my Favourite Japanese ...
Girlfriend, Girlfriend - Hello, it's me, Hiroyuki! Your trash mangaka connoisseur for a harem so stupid and aloof that's as enjoyable as heck, is back for Round 2!. . We're now in the current days where the harem genre has pretty much evolved into its own subservient themes, with the current biggest hit being the currently airing Kimi no Koto ga Daidaidaidaidaisuki na 100-nin no Kanojo a.k.a The 100 Girlfriends Who Really, Really, Really, Really, REALLY Love You (mangaka Rikito Nakamura and illustrator Yukiko Nozawa are chads), but did you know that the manga for Hyakkano actually started earlier than Hiroyuki's series? That's right, the former started ...
A season that improves on the previous season, and helps showing more of the cardinal heroes, while building up new side characters.. . This season's plot seems to be more focused on building upon characters we already know and introducing new characters, for the upcoming new threat. This is done through smaller story arcs that focus on different side characters, which is also used to explore the world more.. . Character development is shown in different ways through the season, but is generally done really well, with one character's development helping the next one on their way. This gives the story a rather smooth feeling, where it easily carries ...
More deaths to goblins, more death to people who don't fear goblins, but now with more deeper character exploration.. . This season we continue following the group eradicating more goblins. Through the season do we see them progress through different arcs and deal with different goblin nests. But a thing that is different from the previous season, is how they start to explore the characters and the larger world, in a more detailed way.. . Throughout the season are the characters put in situations where they start thinking more about themselves and their position in life. This really helps with understanding the characters and gives them more depth. The ...
While not without its flaws, Hametsu no Oukoku was one of my favourite shows of Fall 2023 and the year as a whole. A really good dark fantasy story with an interesting world. But, it’s not for everyone.. . Many of you will have seen clips of the first episode of Hametsu on YouTube, IG or another social media platform and for good reason, it’s insane. It is one of the most infuriating and emotionally gripping premieres I’ve seen in a long time. The tragic ending sets up what promised to be one of the more entertaining revenge quests in recent anime. Does it live up to ...
The first episode of Goblin Slayer season 1 is one of the most iconic episodes in anime history. An extremely traumatic experience for many that set the tone for one of the generation’s premiere dark fantasy stories. In the 7 years since that episode, we’ve waited patiently for more of the story(movie aside), and I’m personally really content with this second season. It’s not as edgy and gory as season 1, but still retains much of the same charm that made me fall in love with this series.. . So right off the bat I’ll let you know that Goblin Slayer season 2 is quite different from ...
The Kingdoms of Ruin - Extreme hatred built on nonsense logic that perverses the idea of justice, but it being "so bad it's good" to play the bad guy and get some mind-numbing satisfaction due to it being over-the-top edgy? I highly question the "novel" concept.. . When was the last time we had an extremely over-the-top gory and violent series filled with extreme hatred to the point of nepotism? For many, the classic series of Lynn Okamoto's Elfen Lied would come to mind, being the Summer 2004 anime that would, for one, grow to be infamous for its violent mess of gore, cruelty, and nudity. Even ...
A truly wholesome anime with a brilliant side characters and awesome ending. While it has a lot of high school drama , decent animation and some cringe parts , it succeed to deliver what it tries every time , or most of the times at least. You might not like the introduction of the female main character similar to many other people but the anime tries constantly to make you realise that she isn't like what you thought at 1st. The side characters are one of the best for me, like what I have noticed in Horimiya , tonikawa and others and their individual stories ...
Here we have an average anime that would normally be seen and forgotten in the sea of Romcoms released every year, but which received a wave of completely unnecessary hate.. . The premise of the story revolves around Kashima Ryuuto, a totally ordinary boy, who manages to date Shirakawa Runa, the most popular girl in school and who is famous for having had many boyfriends because her relationships apparently don't last very long.. . For some reason this premise of a female protagonist who is not an untouched virgin was more shocking than other stories from this same season in which we had things like the defense of incestuous ...
🐰 **Bunny Girl Senpai: A Pleasant Surprise of Anime Excellence! 🌟**. . Honestly, Bunny Girl Senpai, who would have thought? When I first started watching, I didn't expect much, but boy, was I in for a treat. 🐰💖. . It all began with a Discord bot called Mudae, where people vied for characters from this anime—Sakurajima Mai and Sakuta Azusagawa. What incredible characters they turned out to be!. . The chemistry between Mai and Sakuta is simply phenomenal. Their interactions, the witty banter, and the depth of their characters add layers to the story that keep you hooked. 🌌💬. . The anime and its sequels are truly gems. The way it tackles the ...
Opposites attract as they say and Kimizero is one of the better examples of that type of relationship. Ryuto and Runa have one of the sweetest relationships around that also is pretty accurate to things high school couples deal with.. . The biggest thing Kimizero has got going for it is that it actually has somewhat realistic depictions of high school kids. In anime, high schoolers are often seen as these virtuous paradigms who wouldn’t even think of having sex or doing anything improper. People often chalk it up to “that’s not common in Japan”, as someone who has a very good understanding of Japan, let ...
After the absolute disaster that was Tate no Yuusha season 2 was, the only way this franchise could go was up, and luckily it did. Season 3 is an improvement in every way over season 2, and as a massive fan of the books I’d place it over the first season as well. Sadly, it may have been too little too late.. . Tate no Yuusha took the anime world by storm in 2019 with a gripping revenge narrative, a cool world, a unique mechanic with the MC only being able to defend, an awesome Kevin Penkin OST and one of the most popular waifus in recent ...
It's hard to find an anime that can make you feel excited in every episode that you watch! This anime gives you goosebumps whereas makes you understand the meaning of trust (with your team), love, enjoy, and sad in one season.. . Story (10/10) - It is a perfect combination of "Adventure", "Fighting", "Strategy", "Management", "Psychology" in one anime. It's really a masterpiece anime that you should watch once in your life. It also provides scientific knowledge along the way.. . Graphic (9/10) - Character is non-detailed (like a sketch) in some scenes but most of the scene still looks good.. . Realistic (8.5/10) - Some part of the ...
summary: Give this show a chance, it is a very good show for its genre, good animations, fight scenes but do not expect any deep plots, or twists or emotional break downs/adrenaline rush....yet because its just the first season. The final episode kinda hooked me though because of a huge plot twist(for me) and I am really curious and yearn for the second season. It might not be the same for you btw.. . The show introduces some characters that seem interesting(or not interesting) but kills them off in a few episodes. I do not get any emotional attachments or any feeling for 98% of them. ...
Barring Frieren, this is, by far, the most surprising show of autumn 2023, maybe even 2023 as a whole.. I came into this expecting just a fun show about Formula 4, which is something i'm not super into, but I wanted to give it a shot. And I'm glad I did because what I DID NOT expect was a fun show about formula 4 that is an expertly directed story that explores deep themes of PTSD, disasters, survivors guilt and how to move forward.. . This show was directed by Ei Aoki, who directed Re:Creators, another HIGHLY underrated anime just like this one. And he does a ...
If you are interested in seeing a side story about the MHA characters post the super-serious battle in the latest season, and especially with a lighter setting, this "movie" might just fit the bill. For me, it worked like any other MHA piece.. . The plot is about a superhero battle, just with a card game spin to it. The animation is pretty much the same in terms of quality, and there's ample action and humor to back the proceedings. Nothing unpredictable about the plot, and even though it feels like a marketing strategy for an actual card game, this special is harmless and good fun for ...
I am overrating this to make up for the low votes it will get. It's not actually a masterpiece, but did keep me mildly amused and had decent pacing and did a few ideas i've never seen executed. I think the harem could have been fleshed out more, but its not really a harem since the MC only has a single love interest, and even that is quite platonic. its neither a shonen nor slice of life but something inbetween. Some battles you could see the resolution coming from a mile away. But over all I felt pretty happy with it ...
I'm writing this review after watching this movie for the second time.. The first time I finished it, it was so bland that I didn't even remember watching it. Nothing about it stood out to me, the art was pretty but extremely simple. There is no plot either. The characters lead a mundane life and naturally give me no thrill either. If this came out in the cinema, I wouldn't watch it.. But I watched it on a very casual day, eating my dinner alone and worrying about my exam results. I didn't have any anticipations, any expectations or any need to be entertained. The ...
If you ever felt useless, look no further than protagonist Ryuuto Kashima. That's what he appears at first when we see him with his degrading thoughts. It geninuely made me scratch my head when he managed to score with the undoubtfully the most beautiful girl in the show, Runa Shirakawa. How could this happen? Isn't she way out of his league? Trust me, a lot of people would be asking the same questions.. . Our Dating Story The Experienced You and The Inexperienced Me couldn't sound any more honest as a title. You can probably figure out which character represents the 'experienced' and 'inexperienced'. The show ...
Vampires, Financial Crashes, Chunibyo & Other Delusions.. . His Eminence returns for a second season after his wisdom of the shadows created one of the best modern isekai parodies in memory. However, six months of production between seasons one and two is a short amount of time, and I would argue that season two suffers a bit from season one’s success.. . The moon is red. We have little time. The hour of awakening draws near! The frenzy has begun, and the Cid Kagenou is still completely unaware that the world's plot and backstory he made up on the fly for fun so he can role-play as the OP ...
Under Ninja is an anime watcher's anime. If you have a lot of exposure to anime and have gotten tired of seeing the same tropes and narratives over and over, this is your anime. It's truly unlikely anything else, and it scratches that novelty-seeking itch.. . Something you'll notice about users who give this a low score is that they are newer accounts, and probably joined MAL during COVID.. . These newcomers have little exposure to anime, which is practically a prerequisite to be able to appreciate Under Ninja's subversion to anything and everything previously established within the world of anime and manga. Newcomers can't know what's being subverted ...
I have tried during my younger years to watch this show a couple of times, but I couldn't finish it, until now.. The pace is very slow, but if you get throught the first 4-5 episodes you'd be rewarded with a warm and cosy anime that would make your heart ache. I have cried I do not know how many times while watching the show thus proving how much I empathised with it. That being said it is a show that you need to watch in a certain mood and period of your life. I am glad I gave it a 3rd chance.. Although, as ...
first and last review im ever making. if u dont watch this ur genuinely missing out.. dont look at more reviews, just go and watch it.. most fun anime i ever watched. i went to watch the movie after this and its super amazing aswell,. best animated movie ever imo.. i didnt rly like the artstyle at first, i thought what is this and i went in with low expectation, but watching it was super fun. also i watched classroom of the elite right before this and had very high standards ngl. watch it!!!!!! watch the movie aswell. . . ...
Title: "The Yuzuki Family's Four Sons: A Heartwarming Journey into Sibling Bonds". . "The Yuzuki Family's Four Sons" is a delightful and heartwarming show that captivates its audience with a simple yet charming portrayal of familial relationships. The series, while lacking in extravagant situations, compensates with the genuine and endearing connections among the four brothers.. . At the heart of the show is the big caring brother, a character who takes on the responsibility of cooking and looking after the entire family. His nurturing and protective nature not only adds depth to the storyline but also serves as the glue that binds the Yuzuki family together. Viewers will find ...
Firstly, I'd like to express that I'm an inherently cynical individual, and I find this anime particularly appealing to fellow cynics. What makes "Under Ninja" so enthralling is its plot, characters, and the plausible nature of the events depicted, which could feasibly unfold in our own reality under the guise of normalcy. The characters and clandestine organizations in this anime carefully conceal a trove of information, leaving me consumed by curiosity. I eagerly anticipate the release of the second season, and I must commend the impeccable art style, the commendable performances of the voice actors, the infectious energy of the opening song, and the consistently ...
I talked about a comedic anime called Shinryaku Ika Musume a very long time ago. It's been over a decade at this point when you factor in the fact that it was a repost of an older review when I first put that one on Wordpress. And even that repost is almost a decade old. At the time, it was the only thing I'd seen from Diomedea. It's since been joined by Akuma no Riddle & Dai Mahou Touge. So, the studio has a strong track record. In any case, the comedy was enjoyable and we're revisiting the series with a look at the 3 ...
It's normal romance story, at first 6 episodes it was going them it started get slow but if you already watched saint's magic is omnipotent them it will mostly feel like a same story with different characters.but saint's magic omnipotent has more story and romance compared to this . I feel like if they focused on the plot it would have been great.you can try if you are into slow rom with fantasy theme.the characters stories are well explained except the FL.. . . . So if you are into some fantasy themed romance anime , then it's for you , but if you want the story them it's ...
tl;dr: A battle shounen with a fantastic cast and a story that while certainly messy is still pretty good, but the terrible adaptation of the third and fourth seasons is impossible to overlook.. . *Note: This is a review of the entire original series, by which I mean everything before the sequel series Mokushiroku no Yonkishi, except for the Ensa no Edinburgh ONAs which I will be skipping.*. . Nanatsu no Taizai, also known as The Seven Deadly Sins, is a battle shounen anime centered around a princess and a group of seven incredibly powerful ‘knights’ known as The Seven Deadly Sins. They’re some of the best of what ...
This show was adapted from the work of someone whos the chinese equivalent of a Wattpad story author. They toned it down quite a bit but the BL undertones still felt uncomfortable since they're meant to be martial brothers , but thats just me.. . The plot was seemingly simple but actually incredibly complex when coupled with subtle switches in timelines , the barely noticable changes in appearance don't help many to notice the switches either.. . Pacing is very fucked. There was one comment I read about the pacing that was fucking hilarious how accurate it was.. . "Yo want to hear about this badass demonic sorcerer ...
Really, really, really, really, recommend.. . The storyline was simply of a teen boys life, a tragic life.. . The story had so many twists and unforeseen things occur in every episode. Some massive plot changes happened in minutes, some even in seconds. It was an emotional rollercoaster for sure, evoked joy, sorrow, and anticipation. All of these emotions could be felt in the span of 30 seconds.. . The art was nice as well, it looked similar to Cyberpunk 2077, pretty canonically accurate; with weapons and abilities. It's even possible to find the same sandevistan that David had.. . The storyline didn't seem to have many holes either, even background characters didn't ...
Overall, it kept my attention, There was enjoyment in some scenes and a feeling sadness or regret in others.. . A lot going on, pretty crazy overall, a dumpster fire, pretty much doing of things with family. That probably shouldn't have been done with family. But still it provoked emotion, that's why I rate it highly. It was one of the first anime's I've seen, and I saw a Gigguk video on it recently afterwards, he pretty much nailed it. If you like scum's wish, you'd like this, a lot of things going on, and not everyone wins.. . The anime had mediocre animation, some nice outdoor scenes with ...
This anime/manga could be resumed in one line.. . "Do the simple but well made.". . S-Rank Musume have a very simples RPG enviroment, nothing special, only stoytelling with a good quality and patience world building, unfortunately the anime had a "ok" animation, with some good animations on fight scenes but being only carried by the story.. . The main characters evolving in this 12 episodes was very well made, you can see from the first to the last how Belgrieve changed a lot because of his daughter.. . I think that the greatest point of this story it's that don't follow others "Adoptive father" animes/mangas, I'm very happy to see another story ...
I don't know why this is getting a lot of hate. I loved it. It was a cute, funny, actiony anime. You can't go wrong with that. And, for the ones that say that it's a p*do and a girl, you're wrong and haven't watched the full anime. It was good fun!. . The story was good. I loved it. Yakuza meets high school(?). I don't know, but it was fun!. . The characters are great too. We might need a backstory on the girl's friends, but apart from that, they were great!. . The art and animation is a bit mixed.... . I recommend this anime.
Family.. Whether you like your family or not, we all know that family has impacted our lives in some way or another, both positive and negative. However unlike friends whom you can just stop talking to or a special other whom you can just break up, family is permanent. Whether you like it or not.. And whether you like your family or not, sometimes you unexpectedly lose your family. Whether you like it or not, of course. Life is a huge bitch, the people dearest to you could be gone in an instant. This brings us to the (un)usual story of four brothers living together- confronted with ...
I really did love this Ninja anime. It was so good and gripping until the end. And even at the end, it's gripping! It has gore in it. One of the best things that this anime does in my opinion.. . The story is fantastic! I was looking forward to the weeks to come to watch the next episode! It was so good.. . The characters are great too. I loved them. The development of SOME might need to be fleshed out a bit. I hope we get a season 2 so they can!. . The art and animation are good too.. . Soundtrack? Peak!. . Really can't recommend this anime enough!!!
Under Ninja is a weird series within a gritty urban ninja fiction niche that combines semi-realistic character dynamics and setting with absurdist humor and action sequences, bolstered by familiar ninjitsu tricks and advanced technology, like invisibility suits, high-tech shurikens, drones, satellite beam weapons, etc. UN creates its offbeat world with non-linear storytelling, a Samurai Champloo hip-hopish aesthetic, and a conspiratorial hidden society of feuding ninja factions in modern-day Japan that are everywhere and yet nowhere. The series does a superb job of building up the mystique of the ninja organization's limitless potential domestically and internationally.. . There was a book about the labyrinthine Japanese underground tunnel systems ...
I ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT. IT GOT AIRED A FEW DAYS BEFORE MY BIRTHDAY SO I SWEAR IT WAS THE BEST BIRTHDAY GIFT I'VE EVER RECEIVED!!. . Anyway the story was amazing. Honestly it wasn't predictable AT ALL. This was the first anime i watched on my own and I'm not sure i could ever find an anime better than this. It feels like I'm in heaven whenever i see that art style and animation. MAPPA's doing an amazing job because that animation got me on the edge of my seat. The characters were really good, but i feel like the animators made the AoT men look bad ...
This is the best wholesome anime of the season. While emitting its wholesome energy; this anime from time to time displays the complex relationships between brothers and the people around them. This by far is the anime delves deep into the importance of familial relationships and is something that can be related to anyone who has brothers whether little or big. The story between characters all add to the characters depth and define who they are. You greatly connect with the characters as most of the stories can be very relatable. The brilliant animation that is then done captures the moment between characters and greatly ...
True Tears has something that so many other romantic anime lack - that poetic spark that transcends cultures and languages. Nothing is lost in translation here, the emotions are beautifully wrapped into words and scenery. It really had the potential to be something extraordinary but unfortunately there were a lot of missed opportunities where the script could've went in a bit of a different direction to achieve a much bigger emotional impact. The two female leads have similar screen time but one of them is written so much better, with so much more emotion, it's almost palpable. It's this character that makes the anime feel ...
New World continues the journey where the previous season picked up but didn't complete the story. Like previous seasons, it was pretty much beat for beat with the manga and included every memorable scene. The characters once again were easy to like and easy to root for, though Senkuu is still trying to carpetbag his way through the future. It's a shame that we only got 11 episodes yet again, but it was a good 11 episodes, so that's what counts. It's also nice that the anime continues to tone down Boichi's horny on main artstyle.. . If you enjoyed the previous seasons of Dr. Stone, ...
Dunno what some people are complaining about, this shit is goated. The isekai genre has become very diluted and most of the shows nowdays are complete garbage not worth your time. This just stands out with the worldbuilding and endless scheming. The characters are written bery well and they and their stories are well incorporated in the story. Not forgetting about the animation, it's so good too. And the music and effects make the atmosphere in the action awesome. If you came here for something vey niche and artsy shit and are complaining gtfo, it's an isekai with an op black haired stereotype mc. It's ...
An improvement from the previous part, I think this is the moment where I can best see why it’s worth sticking with this series. I can’t say it’s really grabbed me before this (aside from the OVA “Those Awaiting a Star,” which I still think is the best this series has to offer), but when it delivers on its mysteries, shows some genuine character growth and gives Chise a chance to substantially contribute to someone else coming out of their shell, it really works. It’s nice to see the lessons Chise learned coming to the fore here.. . The season looks great as always, and that OP ...
Under Ninja - Nin nin? Want some ninja vs. ninja action? You've got it!. . It's weird, it's frenetic, it's whacky — a full-on ninja war for both active and inactive people, who are unassuming people living amongst us...Among Us, Ninja Edition. And to think that this show would turn many heads into thinking that this is quite the fanfare, it definitely has its quirks that'll make it all the more absurd. And this show, coming from the author best known for his action-horror and psychological thriller hit manga series I Am a Hero, Under Ninja, is the prized mangaka Kengo Hanazawa's latest work to follow in ...
I was avoiding this anime like a plague since 2018, because I expected it to be a very basic romcom with fan-service. Similarly to many other titles I love, the fan-service is a way to get people to stick around for the slow-burn, which backfires more often than marketing people consider (we have a prime example in the reviews).. . 1. MC seems to be a loner, but he is rather similar to Ayanokoji from Classroom of the Elite, if he was capable of healthy emotions & had no agenda. One of the best male leads and just male characters I've seen (along with his friend btw). ...
Yuzuki-San is one of the most heartwarming shows you’ll see this year and I’m so glad I picked it up. A thoroughly enjoyable and sweet ride throughout.. . I was really on the fence about watching this show because of my seasonal load and I’m glad I ended up picking it up. It’s rare that we get a single man raising siblings in anime. We often see single moms trying to make ends meet. But the fellas tend to get left out. The show following Hayato and his little brothers on their day to day lives in the wake of their parents tragically passing away was such ...
I was rather tepid on the first half of this arc. Especially knowing where it was going to go from the manga, I was more excited by this portion of the season.. . And did it ever deliver.. . This is really the first time in the series when it’s not a brains vs. brawn fight or just a crafting extravaganza. We get a straight up match of intellects in the best episode of the series so far (episode 9), which truly delivers on the visual and emotional front. Beyond that, it’s just a great showcase of how far they’ve come, how well they can win over enemies, and ...
It's a good anime. I didn't think I'd enjoy it as much as I did. The comedy brings it together. It's hilarious. It has a decent story as well. I liked it. Surprised I enjoyed it. Really.. . It has cute moments. Its fights are funny. And yeah.. . Art and animation are good. Not going to say great, because I've seen better, but eh.. . Characters are funny. And the backstory for some needs fleshing out a bit I think. If I'm mistaken, then I'm sorry.. . Soundtrack is good.. . It's a good time. I recommend it to people who want a laugh. Because it's hilarious.
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (9). The story is about the continuation of the first season where Lady Sei is having her journey to help people by making a potion. But in the middle of the journey, She finds another person who needs help and it becomes complicated when She knows his real identity. That's how her journey started. She also uses Her magic power again in the middle of Her journey. It's quite relaxing to watch this anime.. . Art (9). The art in this anime is excellence! I like the color, glow, and shadow they used for this anime. Love the vibes ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (9). The story is about a pure innocent girl that is living with the demon king. The demon king always has a naughty thought and wants to make the girl corrupted but all his plans fail because He has a feeling to Her. There are a lot of comedy scenes in this anime.. . Art (8). The art in this anime is Very good! I like the color, glow, and shadow they used for this anime. But I think they can improve much better on the effect when battling with the monster since the main character is overpowered.. . Sound (10). All the ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (10). The story is about the continuation of the last Dr.Stone where now they face another enemy on the island that they never landed before. The people there are unique since they can turn people into stones. That's where their journey started again to find a clue about what's happening to the earth.. . Art (10). The art in this anime is excellence! I like the color, glow, and shadow they used for this anime. The style is still the same as the previous season.. . Sound (10). All the sounds that they used were suitable and adjusted to the animation.. ...
Watching My Daughter Left the Nest and Returned an S-Rank Adventurer can be best described as a heartwarming experience as it unites a family together. Sure, it's not a nuclear family unification that calls of a massive celebration. However, it does set the tone of the overall story together between our two main characters - Angeline and Belgrieve.. . Based on the light novel of the same name, I will say that you don't need to put too much thought into going into this show despite the somewhat complicated synopsis. What you do need to know is the background of Belgrieve and how he became who he ...
I'll admit, I kind of wrote off Sailor Moon as something that just wasn't for me, a 90s anime that I could just leave in the rear view mirror, but it appears I was missing out.. . This was sincerely a lot more fun than I expected, especially given how much filler there was in this series. Sure, most of that filler isn't particular interesting and it is very obvious that the series is just spinning its wheels for a while, buts ome of my favorite moments were pure filler, with episode 31 being one of the stand-out best of the series I'd put alongside or even ...
Overture to a New War is the best film of the three, but not by much. Following in the footsteps of Golden Wings, this movie is yet another retelling of events seen in the show but takes the opportunity to flesh out familiar characters' relationships and roles in the Battle of Astarte. It's great for viewers watching chronologically or by release date because of this.. . This movie has the soul of the original series, and not just because it retells the first two episodes. Lap, Jessica, and Yang have a complex friendship with each other. Lap is like Yang's Kircheis; they share a one mind ...
The Yuzuki Family's Four Sons - I wish this show got more attention, being lost in the sea of many high-profile shows in this hyped season.. . From Frieren to Apothecary Diaries, and stinkers like KamiErabi to Ojou no Banken-kun, a.k.a A Girl & Her Guard Dog, Fall 2023 has been one of, if not the most exciting bunch of seasonal anime this year yet. And yet, there are shows that just do not get any recognition whatsoever from being lost or casually ignored. Such is the case with female mangaka Shizuki Fujisawa and her work here, Yuzuki-san Chi no Yonkyoudai. a.k.a The Yuzuki Family's Four Sons, ...
*SPOILER REVIEW*. . Warm colors and a cold hand,. Misty morals in a desert land,. Dreams escape until the ends of time,. Till the child of the past's uphill climb. . I am reminded of the somber signs of sunsets,. The brief hope of an ending day,. Through the ranges of the years,. ...
This film was an interesting one for me. As despite it having all of the tropes of Makoto Shinkai, including yet another cat in the forefront of the story, it seems to be missing something in very aspect (animation, sound and story) I watched this after watching Children Who Chase Lost Voices and ill be completely honest, I don't think this is anywhere close to it. Seemingly however, based on the aggregated score for this is Children Who.....I am in the minority.. . Ill start with the animation. Although this is still the quality on the surface that befits a Shinkai film, it ...
This movie is a curiosity! Full of interesting ideas on a conceptual level and breathtaking visuals. It's an ode to space exploration and exploration theme prevails (especially visible in the introduction sequence). As such, the emphasis is much more on mystery and discovery process than on suspense and action and this is where the critique, I believe, is coming from. Still, the fans of hard sci-fi and space exploration will be satisfied. I was.. The story is quite original. The music is also fitting and the editing is very rhythmic (resulting in some gripping sequences). The scientific aspect of the movie is convincing as well. The ...
I always liked the first season of the show. It had simple albeit interesting characters and a straightforward plot which makes it the light-hearted watch it is. What's more, it is loosely set upon the rivalry between West and East Germany — the Japanese could never really get over their admiration for the Germans after all.. . Anyway, my only complaint with the show was the character development of Yor Briar. For the most part, the focus was either on Anya and her school or Twilight with his missions. She is an assassin, but we hardly got to see that part and I was almost expecting her ...
Lupin travels to an island of assassins in order to get his silver Walther P38 which was stolen from him a long time ago.. And while he’s there he’s gonna steal some gold too. But seeing how this is a Lupin story its Nazi gold.. . Lupin’s hand is branded with the Seal of Metatron 🕷️, a poison tattoo which will kill him if he’s away from the island for too long. All the assassins carry this poisoned tattoo.. Its up to Lupin and some unlikely allies to find a way to escape the island and break the seal.. . The story focuses primarily on Lupin, and a female assassin ...
"Bokura no Yoake" is about an alien ship that crash-landed to Earth and was discovered by our protagonist. Is this the set up for a save-the-world story from an all-poweful villain? Wrong! Its only desire is to return to space. However, it is bound to a series of limitations that it, the protagonist Sawatari, and the supporting cast have to overcome.. . Admittedly, the premise is somewhat absurd and decent amounts of suspension of disbelief is required to enjoy it, but enjoyed I did. It was a fun watch and I'm sure you'll grow fond of Nanako—and Aoi Yuuki's excellent voice acting.. . As a coming-of-age story that both ...
There are seemingly a number of conflicting views on the quality of this film. Some people think its awful, one even giving it a 2/10 (no offence to this person but if this is a 2/10, I'm sure sure how realistic their 10/10s are). Some people have mixed feelings seemingly not connecting with the story, characters or general vibe of the film and then there is me, i thought this was so so close to a masterpiece and i will try to explain why.. . First off, the animation. Its a Makoto Shinkai film, of course it has incredible animation, but the world depicted here ...
I had a bit of a Makoto Shinkai fest over the past few days. 5 Centimetres Per Second was the first of three. I had already watch Zuzume and Your Name and easily love his style from those two alone. I thought delving into more was about time. Though 5 Centimetres per Second is a film, it is essentially split in 3 different episodes at different times of Takaki's life. The premise of the movie is rather simple for Makoto Shinkai compared to the two i had seen by this point. 5 centimetres per second represents the speed in ...
My review will answer why you should or should not watch this anime.. Cross Ange is a combination of Code Geass with Redo of Healer. It is large amounts of Racism, Sexism, Sexual Assault, Lesbian, Bisexual, Fan Service and Orgies. It relies on the shock factor and is completely inappropriate in 2023 and I thought it was GREAT. If you're not offended easily and can just enjoy it for what it is, it's a highly entertaining show. The protagonist Ange starts out as insufferable, however, she undergoes considerable character development which ultimately leads to her becoming quite likable. If you enjoy edgy anime e.g. Redo Healer, ...
Odekake Kozame is about the adventures of a cute baby shark, Kozame-chan. It's quite simple, both in story and animation, yet it provides me with absurd amount of joy. The anime does really well conveying the feelings of Kozame-chan through simple yet effective expressions, sound effects, and wonderful voice acting from Hanazawa Kana.. . Every episode, Kozame-chan is outside, exploring the little joys in the world. From eating ice cream to seeing rainbow for the first time to helping a friendly-frog cross the bridge, there's a lot packed in to 60 seconds of animation everyday. It combines the overlooked yet pleasant surprises of life with a great ...
The specials took everything that was good about the first season and removed everything that wasn’t. Although rushed, it manages to condense the emotional meat and bones into a tight, well written love arc.. . With a foundation of likeable characters and a season 1 that was already building their relationship, the show manages to completely ditch Kariu and Oga, which is a great relief. Aside from a decent ending, Kariu’s arc in season 1 was a pain to get through, filled with anime cliches and contrived conflicts. I do think Oga is a good character tho, and Kariu isn’t bad after the arc ends.. . Instead, the ...
Mundane by day, mysterious by night - the protagonist of this series continues to inadvertently prophesize worldly events while stealing others' lines and phrases simply because they sound cool. Surely a menace to society, won't someone stop him?. . In a cast of serious characters that would not feel out-of-place in any other average fantasy adventure series, the main character Cid alone continues to take nothing seriously and continues his unplanned trajectory through a fantasy world with sci-fi elements as though he is tourist experiencing a foreign culture despite now living in the setting he has been whisked away to for the past 16 or so years. ...
I'm in Love with the Villainess is the next in line of the bunch of Yuri works for 2023, and certainly delivers in certain aspects, even if some others don't feel fully fleshed out.. . Story & Characters: I'm in Love with the Villainess tells the story of Rei Oohashi, a pretty ordinary office worker who eventually passes away due to over exhaustion. When she opens her eyes, she soon discovers that she has reincarnated into her favourite dating sim game, Revolution, as Rae Taylor, the game's protagonist. This game takes place in Bauer Kingdom's Royal Academy, and, like any dating sim game, your goal ...
School Days is unironically an incredibly good anime. Viewers may miss it, but it must be kept in mind this anime is about abuse. It is an incredibly realistic psychological anime about romantic abuse. It is certainly an anime to experience. Everything about this anime is psychological, suspenseful, and perfectly shows that no matter how good a person seems to others, they may be absolutely despicable with romance.. . Featured themes include gaslighting, before it became a popular term, and many other terrible acts. School Days is a very deep show and can certainly be described as a trainwreck. However it is a near perfect and ...
To be frank, I struggle to understand how this show became so popular. Every season there is always that one anime that the masses over-hype and put on a pedestal, insisting that it be given a top 5 spot on MAL. Now typically, shows like Chainsaw Man, Spy x Family, and Oshi no Ko make sense, since they just "feel" like something normies would soak up (not judging per say, just an observation). Frieren doesn't feel like those other titles at all: the writing actually feels vivid and well thought-out, as opposed to a cheap cash grab that many seasonals have become. Frieren better fits ...
This anime is doing nothing new, but EVERYTHING PERFECT !. . You couldn't make it better even if you tried, you could only make it different or worse.. . The story and worldbuilding are average, but the execution is PERFECT. The art style fits it very well, it's balanced but above average.. I have rarely seen so well-written characters.. Each character so far is as believable as it gets and if you write your own stories. you can learn a lot from this piece. (studying this one). I honestly consider this the BEST Isekai anime of all time ( at least in the TOP 3 ). ...
SPOILER FREE REVIEW. . I am not being hyperbolic when I say that, in my eyes, Violet Evergarden is the pinnacle of anime as an art form and storytelling device. Never before or since have I experienced a series that has impacted my emotions and outlook on life as profoundly as this series. Even after the series has concluded, you will likely continue to reflect on it for days and months, thereafter. In my case, I revisit the series and its films once a year, just to let it touch my spirit once more.. . To summarize briefly, the story of this series revolves around the titular, Violet Evergarden, ...
The Café Terrace and Its Goddesses has a lot of surprises and one non-secret you kind of have to ignore are the ecchi parts. Do that, and I think you might have a good time with this one.. . Story & Characters: The Café Terrace and Its Goddesses takes place in Tokyo where Hayato Kasukabe has inherited a café, Café Familia, that his grandmother, Sachiko, once owned. With no real ambition to use it as a project, Hayato decides to return to check the place out to demolish it in place of a parking lot that he wants to earn some money off of. ...
This anime was really very good, one of the best anime in this season (but far from being the best of the season). Despite the low budget the team responsible for the production managed to deliver something beyond expectations, even though the animation wasn't that great. The characters developed in a natural way throughout the episodes, as did the romance, which was well explored over the episodes. Furthermore, the anime has some funny parts. Although there was no kiss or anything like that, there was a significant advancement in the romance of the main couple, providing many cute moments. Therefore, it was very enjoyable to ...
Rating 9/10. I don’t know why this reimagination of Journey to the West donghua series is so underrated. This is an exciting story that takes place 16 years AFTER the sutra has been successfully collected & presented to the heavenly emperor.. . In this Westward story Tang San Zang is no weakling monk relying purely on his disciples to protect him. This holy monk is kick-ass. He fights, he punches (HARD!), he is witty, funny, fierce, protective & more. Sun Wu Kong is well Sun Wu Kong need I say more. Some new interesting key characters are introduced in this story which changes the team ...
The way this whole anime demolished me…. if I add up all 56 times I cried during this anime, I think I cried for a total of three days. No more words needed. I would recommend this anime to my loved ones and to my enemies.. . There was a lot of possible potential in this last part but I think the story would not add up and that it wouldn’t be as interesting and dramatic as it was with this particular end we saw. The anime in whole is actually really well written and realised. Definitely one of my favourites ones… the story is not ...
This anime continues to effortlessly blend top-tier meta-satire with phenomenal, epic visuals and displays of power, and somehow persists to be one-of-a-kind when it doesn't seem so different from it's peers in the isekai/fantasy genre. The plot direction is surprisingly spotless and really quite admirable. It's impossible to guess where the story is going, but it just works out perfectly while bringing you to a new, unexpected course. All of this allows for one of the most easily enjoyable experiences in anime history.. . But:. . Regardless of how flawlessly executed this is, it doesn't present with any astounding narrative that links to a theme or message. It hardly ...
The first season of Attack on Titan presented a unique world, which was unfortunately put on the back burner putting emphasis on action scenes. The second season's got a chance to elaborate on the world and the characters. In practice, it is just more of the same with some polishing. The most notable difference is sprinkled elements of black comedy. The characters in the first season were usually dying in pretty gruesome way, this season, in contrast, uses timings to make every death look ridiculous.. . Surprisingly enough, the second season barely mentions any characters that were in the spotlight in the previous season. This arc is ...
I find anime truly fascinating. One of the reasons why I have been watching it for most of my life is due to the vastness and originality of the stories it presents. Where else can you find a show that starts with a man with a lizard head biting down another person's head, only for another head to emerge from the lizard man's throat and start talking? It may sound bizarre, but I love the show for its weirdness. The show is undeniably strange, and I feel like I have taken a trip through an artist's peculiar imagination.. . However, it's difficult to know where to begin ...
I stayed up watching this anime a whole night and did not sleep, this is one of the greatest anime ever made. The mc of this anime is LITERALLY me.. . Please watch this anime it's SO good, everyone who said they couldn't sleep after watching it is a troll. It's really funny and there's a cute demon girl so it's definitely worth a watch.. . The story is so unbelievably unique, I wish there was more anime like this. All the characters are wonderful, the writing is perfect.. . The reactions of each characters are unbelievably realistic, I can confirm that the way they reacted in those situations are 100% ...
WataOshi is our regular romcom that does nothing special, is cliche and predictable and you can find this same kind of story left and right everywhere and that's what it makes it so good and enjoyable, it knows what it is and does not fail to embrace that feeling!. WataOshi is mainly all about the relationship between the two main female leads and their funny interactions, you get Rae which is your really easy going and happily maiden in love who is not afraid of showing her true feelings and you got Claire who is your tsundere character that tries to stop Rae form her ...
If you have seen season 1 and enjoyed it, you'll enjoy this one just as much, if not more.. . The only way to describe this show is a roller coaster that never stops. There are plot twists everywhere. Cid is still an edgelord and I absolutely love it. To only say that this show fully embraces the cringe is not enough, it adds toppings. And this cringe is not the one that makes you pause the show and bury your head in pillows - it's the cringe that makes you smile and smirk, while hoping that the show would never end.. . The Eminence in Shadow is ...
Man, what a well-made anime.. The animation here is DIVINE, the production in general is surprising, the expressiveness of the animation, the fluidity, the fight choreography, the details, the camera play, the artistic direction and the soundtrack are an easy 10/10, the MadHouse did a great job in this anime.. However, in terms of narrative, this anime is very simple, but very functional, an interesting and very likeable protagonist, charismatic and also likeable characters, a slight world development, very good moments (both in writing and in production) and a concept Very interesting.. It's a great anime to watch on a boring afternoon, super fun, visually sensational and very ...
What amazes me the most by Kamierabi is the considerably low score it received right upon release. I guess this is due to the fast pace the first episode had and the full CGI animation; this probably got under people's skin since this could lead to a "new Ex-Arm" or something like that, but I dont think it was the case.. . (Animation/Art). Initially, I would talk about the story but since the animation is a hot topic in this anime, its better to discuss the latter first.. Considering that the main studio Unend is brand new (this is their ...
Kagejitsu season 2 is an improvement in every way over the first season. Partly due to the LN arcs it covers being the best in the series, and partly due to Nexus taking their production quality to the next level. All the while retaining the same comedic misunderstandings, loveable characters and Cid that we’ve come to know and love.. . Kagejitsu manages to be both an excellent commentary on the isekai genre and exemplary of it at the same time. It’s fully aware of the tropes that have been done to death in recent years, makes fun of them and in the process, manages to pull them ...
Embarking on the second season of The Eminence in Shadow was like stepping onto a thrill ride with no idea where the twists and turns would take us. Building upon the foundation laid by its predecessor, this season dives headfirst into the familiar antics of our beloved protagonist Cid and his ever-present alter ego, Shadow. The blend of absurdity, humor, and outright awesomeness is present, maintaining the show's unique charm.. . As anticipated, the series stuck to its tried-and-true formula, giving us the same solid animation, wild battles, and an epic soundtrack that we've come to expect. It's a testament to the creators' commitment to what works. ...
Spy X Family's Season 1 swept me off my feet with its captivating characters, intriguing plot, and an enticing premise that had me hooked from the start. However, as the season progressed, I sensed a slight drift, a lack of clear direction that somewhat dulled the excitement for me.. . Enter Season 2, and it's like a breath of fresh air. The series found its footing again by crafting a thrilling and immersive arc that seamlessly integrated all the characters' abilities, leading to a highly engaging experience. It was a blast to see them all in action together.. . In a rare turn of events, I find myself confidently ...
In the vast realm of anime where the tired formula of a feeble protagonist surrounded by stunningly attractive women ensnares many stories, 'The 100 Girlfriends Who Really, Really, Really, Really, Really Love You' boldly steps into this arena. Surprisingly, it doesn't just tread the same path; it's a delightful parody of these well-worn tropes.. . Each character embodies a familiar anime archetype, and the series gleefully deconstructs these clichés one after another. It revels in absurd yet entertaining plots that add an extra layer of enjoyment.. . What sets this anime apart is its unwavering commitment to satire. It never takes itself seriously, consistently poking fun at anime conventions ...
Keikenzumi na Kimi to, Keiken Zero na Ore ga, Otsukiai suru Hanashi—a series that initially raised my eyebrows with its premiere, sparking concerns of delving into the realms of Hentai or Ecchi narratives, oftentimes leading to lackluster tales.. . Nevertheless, beguiled by its artistry, I ventured forth. To my surprise, the unfolding narrative transcended my initial reservations. Characters, steeped in genuine emotions, underwent tangible growth, lifting the series beyond the confines of anticipated clichés.. . Central to its theme was the exploration of intimate relationships, a subject handled with weight and nuance. It posed such connections as pivotal choices within the landscape of personal evolution and human connections.. . Though burdened ...
Member of Shadow Garden. If we talk about characters its all well developed. . . . If we are talking about storyline its amazing because of the Twist found in it. Anime art is very good and suiting for EIS. Realistic is less but about multiverse is what fills everything up. I have seen many anime but this is my favourite. Its just above all. ...
It's an excellent film, but very poorly used.. Cowboy Bebop is an excellent anime where absolutely everything is very well used, it has many interesting subtexts/subplots, very well-made characters, sensational direction and equally very good stories. But the film isn't much, unlike the anime where almost every episode served to deepen the characters with interesting plots, here we have the same characters, just more “basic”, a cool and interesting villain, but very weak in terms of script. . The film looks like an episode of cowboy bebop, only extended, it's cool, it has incredible animation done by Bones, but it was a very poorly used film, ...
Hajime No Ippo is very, very good, my God, what an incredible production this anime has, the animation is very fluid, mega expressive, the soundtrack is IMPECCABLE (something that MadHouse is very good at), the story is very good, the characters are passionate, charismatic, well written (especially Ippo) the fights are sensational, even though it's an anime, they manage to keep the animation consistent in most of the fights which are incredible, both visually and narratively, the direction of this anime manages to be very creative during and outside of the fights, bringing various camera angles to give dynamism to the fights, the use of ...
If you're on the lookout for another wholesome romcom, this anime is an excellent choice. Its standout feature lies in its fantastic characters; the main character isn't dumb, and the voice acting, delivered by a highly popular and skilled actor, adds a layer of quality to the series. While the plot maintains a delightful simplicity without feeling cliché, what truly shines is how each episode captivates with its unique charm.. . However, it's worth noting that some scenes can be fairly predictable, occasionally leading to a touch of frustration, despite this minor drawback, overall, it's a standout anime that I highly recommend, especially if you are a ...
Perfect Blue can be summarized as: SENSATIONAL. I really enjoyed the film, both the direction and the script are very well done, it is simply divinely executed, practically EVERYTHING is used in this film, the themes are very well developed and it brings good psychological horror. Even though I found the final half interpreted, it was still a good way to make the viewer more curious, as it did not close all the “whys” of the film, being very interesting to analyze, since it is also a very good film. interpretative. However, even though it's an incredible film, I wouldn't watch it again, as I'm ...
This was one of my favorite anime of its cour. It was cute but also dramatic and funny. I enjoyed the characters a lot and watching them grow over the course of the episodes. My only real complaint is I'm not a super fan of overly possessive side characters but I understand that they have to exist in this anime or the main couple would get together maybe too quickly.. . If you enjoy cute little romances with occasional bouts of high stakes drama and don't mind the female lead to be a bit quiet and unassuming then you'll probably like this anime.
The Eminence in Shadow is the only anime i had actively been following this season even though some bangers like jjk and sousou no frieren released, The eminence in shadow is the only anime that kept me hooked, ive been on the hype train since season one and the only bad thing i can say about season 2 is that it should have gotten more episode, overall highly recommend if your'e looking for a fun ,entertaining and engaging anime .. . The second season has a lot in common with the first season in the sense that it doesn't treat you like an idiot, it drops important ...
Zegapain is definitely a hidden gem. If you enjoyed The Matrix then I believe this anime can offer you an experience as deep if not deeper than that trilogy, personally I'm leaning towards Zegapain.. . The episodes do a great job of plunging you from slice-of-life happiness into despair, and every single episode has unpredictable plot twists that will push the symbolic knife deeper into your heart, inch by inch. Usually, I don't appreciate how nihilism is portrayed in anime and manga, but Zegapain portrayed hopelessness beautifully and dealt with it in the only proper way it could've been dealt with in the context of the world ...
This is the latest breakthrough from the previously famous racing anime series Initial D, When I heard the names Fujiwara Takumi and Takahashi Ryousuke I felt goosebumps, It turns out that this is the same world as its predecessor and it makes me happy to hear the legends of the past mentioned in this anime.. However, after hearing the history of what happened to Takumi, I felt sad, and I didn't know what really happened to make it happen like that, Even though it has been explained, I need more information.. . The soundtrack and opening song are good, this makes me nostalgic for the old days, As ...
Shadow is back and he is as OP as ever. This time showing new schemes and more of his broken powers.. . We follow Shadow and shadow garden through different arcs, that each put focus on different side characters and aspects of shadow. Which show some more details about specific side characters, shadow garden and shadows relation to them.. . The plot still works much on the premise of Shadow seeing everything differently, and therefore misunderstand how everyone else sees his actions. This shows some interesting details about Shadow, but also the other characters and helps build both the character and the relations. The arcs shown are generally very ...
Kenichi is a nice “Saturday-Morning” TV.. . It’s not really a great or good show but it does a fantastic job at passing dead time and opens you up to the benevolent underdog story and growth in character and friendship.. . The first 20 episodes or so are pretty… episodic and forgettable the show really doesn’t get any real entertaining juice until Nijimia shows up and starts propelling the show, I wouldn’t go as far to say he hard carries but he’s a huge focal point of driving the show.. . The show sometimes focuses too much on gags and it’s obviously directed for 16U audiences, but it still has ...
"We only have so much time, and so much effort. So I dedicated all of my time and effort to what mattered, and got rid of everything else.". . These days for me, I tend to lose interest in a lot of shows after their first season (maybe because it was rushed or maybe it was simply that the concept was good but the progression got stale or boring). We all only have a limited amount of time, some people more than others, so should you spend your own precious time watching this? In short, yes, assuming you have watched season 1 this season builds upon the ...
I know what you're probably thinking. How far can we stray from the light of God with such a cheesey premise? That was my first thought upon reading the synopsis. The promotional material does make the show look more innocent but nowadays, you know you shouldn't judge everything shown on the screen. Or should you?. . Our main leads Allen Crawford and Charlotte Evans couldn't be any more different. One earned the moniker 'Demon Lord' for his intimidating appearance and powers while Charlotte is a pure innocent girl . The idea of Allen trying to teach Charlotte to be naughty sounds controversial at first. We might get ...
I don't think there's any anime out there that can work with the most shameless and blatant storytelling, while somehow being very enjoyable to watch. The Eminence in Shadow in its premise holds a recipe for disaster in its hands, an MC that is a Deus Ex Machina in literal skin, a dedicated harem that also acts as the main fan service of the show, every single episode has boobs being shoved to you whenever any girl is involved, one of the antagonists of this season, continuing from previous season, is named Perv Asshat, while the most chaotic shit happens with everyone exposing their underlying ...
TLDR amazing show if you're into Macroeconomics and City management otherwise eh. . There's a subgenre of Isekai that's popped up recently called kingdom building, stuff like slime isekai and Dr Stone.. and i love the shit out of it since i love seeing the march of progress in very tangible structural ways and have a passing interest in economics and political science.. . i was completely enthralled by Realist Hero from start to finish just because i think it's hyper-specific to my interest.. . absolutely loved how the main character was making the most out of his 21st century sophomore college education to fix the shit outta that kingdom. . even if ...
I chose recommendation but don't really recommend it, this anime is still good enough to watch.. . Before the release I had a little hope for this anime, even though the score was still at 6, and I felt this anime was not worth watching, but after seeing the main character, I think this is still worth watching.. . Advantages:. The main character starts from a humiliated status and is not wanted by many people, but slowly becomes strong with his sword partner, MC is not naive, doesn't think too much, there is no drama, if there is a problem it is immediately resolved without much unclear pleasantries.. . The storyline ...
Bullbuster - Wait, is that how you pronounce ballbuster? Oops, sorry, wrong spelling. It's BULL-buster, not BALL-buster.. . The one show this season that I was so shell-shocked by its absurdly low rating (which it clearly does not deserve), brought on by the sheer number of very few people watching it. It's a rather unassuming anime called Bullbuster. Kadokawa's mixed-media franchise, which started out shikas a concept book in 2017, later receiving Hiroyuki Nanao's 3-volume novel that's illustrated by Eisaku Kubonouchi, the original character designer for Carole & Tuesday. This then, leads us to the return of the NUT: the studio responsible for Youjo Senki: The Saga ...
I just rewatched it.. I like this show a lot.. It really embodies the experience of "hating yourself but you work with kids so you need to create a fake persona to deal with them, but at the same time you want them to not get their hopes up in life so you try to teach them about the real life".. I hate being an adult. I really do. And I yearn for the childhood I undermined. This show encapsulates the feeling perfectly, and I treasure it for it.. Apart from that, I also adore this show because the seiyuu cast is insanely talented (and all ...
Hi. I 'll try to make a spoiler free, short and sweet review that could help you decide to watch this title. Trying to make it as spoiler free as possible. The way I try to express how the anime can become abstract, but I'll try my best to make it simple to understand.. ---. It's been a long time since a comedy anime has hit this hard. The last one i can remember was Nichijou. Nichijou's comedy is randomness, like most other top comedy titles out there. But what Bocchi The Rock pulls of is not just the randomness, it's relatability. Many viewers, can relate ...
This is my new favorite of all time. The story is 10/10. The art is 10/10. The world building and character development are 10/10. This is the perfect show and anyone who says it’s not is trolling. Even the dub is 10/10! Frieren is the first show to truly take the top spot from FMABH and AoT. Greatest show of all time hands down.. . If you haven’t watched Frieren yet, you need to drop everything and start watching immediately. This show will make you laugh and it will make you cry. It will make you feel feelings you never knew you could feel. It’ll make you ...
Finally, a good Chinese adaptation.. . Want to know why most Chinese adaptations suck? Because a lot of them straight up adapt from web novels. Do you know how long web novels are? Thousands of chapters, millions of words. Just not suitable for an animated adaptation. Worst of all, a lot of the famous web novels are cultivation or xuanhuan novels. This means a bunch of fighting and a bunch of generic tropey plot devices, and that means a large majority of adaptations will need a lot of good animation budget to recreate the frequent action sequences. It's just not sustainable. Japanese web novels, while adapted ...
Well, I could go very long with this one. What could you exactly talk about Doraemon? There are millions of great things that you could talk about Doraemon. Whether it's affecting the anime world, how it inspired children when we were kids, animation, drama, movies that aren't canon but you could be talking about them for miles and miles ahead about how great they are, the backstory of every single character in Doraemon that could make a whole movie out of it, Nobita's future with Shizuka and how he's been living with Doraemon, Stand By Me: Doraemon that's undoubtedly one of the best anime movies ...
This anime is seriously so good. Attack on Titan doesn't know how to stop being crazy. Attack on Titan is so full of action, mystery, and suspense, and it's delivered in such an easy to digest manner. The twists are always so surprising, even if you somehow manage to correctly guess what's to come. AoT is just a perfect anime, and season 3 is no different.. . The second half of season 3 is just as good as the first. It's got all the ingredients that make AoT amazing, but this half gives us a bit more exposition. We've been kept in the dark about a ...
Might have been several years since I shed tears from watching anime, starting from Your Name and Stand By Me.. . I had actually known about them for a long time but never really knew what they were about until one day. Back then, I was looking for something to pass the time on a flight, so I kept scrolling through Netflix. I saw 'Violet Evergarden' and it jogged my memory like, Hey, I've seen this around a few times. I used to like the art style, among other things brabrabrba so I decided to find out what it was all about. There was an OVA and ...
I’ve seen the series a decade ago when it started airing, I read the manga when it ended and here I am back again rewatching the series from start to finish. I’ve forgotten how intense the first season of the anime was. The action starts right away and it’s nonstop. Along with a huge cast of characters there were some amazing side characters and some amazing side-side characters. It’s great how this anime handles its random side characters.. . Plot:. At my first watch a decade ago I thought the plot was great but not anything spectacular, but after seeing the series end and witnessing all the world ...
To the point, people will review things and don't even finish the show. Like you missed all the developments and even some characters so to give a review seems completely unfair. This is a top-tier lesbian anime, which means a lot since I prefer gay ones lol. Funny and inspiring, the main character doesn't even use prior game knowledge to win the girl until forced into a corner when she has no choice at the end. can't wait for season 2. Also, I felt so strongly that even with all my anime entries I've never written a review until now.
I believe My Hero Academia and One Punch Man have set the bar exceptionally high in the Shonen "SUperHero" Genre.. . Firstly, this story is not like those two big names. It deviates from the typical narrative of striving to become the best hero or pursuing heroism for the sake of enjoyment.. . Instead, it revolves around more grounded themes and what they mean for the protagonist. While the premise may seem generic, the story becomes quite enjoyable when approached without comparing it to the major successful works in the genre.. . Listen, Introducing a female protagonist in a superhero genre poses unique challenges, as we are accustomed to ...
The Progressive film series is a haven for people who want to like SAO but never cared for the story past the Aincrad arc. Taking place months after the first film, notably skipping to the fourth light novel, the story revolves around Asuna and Kirito aiming to stop a nefarious plot that could destroy the two strongest guilds spearheading the death game.. . The plotting and writing of the film is no more outstanding than that of a typical anime, but thankfully the pacing is much snappier and on point. The action isn't a showstopper, but action that's fluid and keeps the characters on model is always ...
Watched twice now, and I have come away feeling even warmer the second time around.. . This movie, as the other reviews have said, is the most realistic romance I've ever seen animated. It's melodramatic and poetic in narration, but only in the ways that people actually are. Scenes are almost underacted (this grew on me). The characters are messy the way we all are in our late teens/early twenties. It's tight, and doesn't drag, at only 60 minutes. There is a stunning lack of tropes. This reads like someone's actual memoir.. . Another reviewer complains that the motivations of the characters were unclear, but I find it ...
Messing around with a classic series is often considered nothing but a fool's errand. It's quite a risky endeavor to make any changes to a story that fans love, as it can easily earn nothing but ire and wrath. While this may be due to poor choices made on the part of the production, the enterprise as a whole seems fraught with potential failure. If the new version stays too close to the original, it will feel like there was no point in remaking it. On the other hand, if it strays too far from the original, the cry will be that the new series ...
A classic fantasy anime that explores a large world and delves into how people from two different worlds can learn to understand each other.. . This show follows the hero Helck, who has decided to leave humanity and instead try to become a demon lord. You then follow his adventure and see how his life and relations has brought him to this point, and pushes him to face the reality of where the world is now. All this is done through a fantasy action packed story that has some comedy splashed into it.. . The plot is generally very linear with some few episodes/scenes showing other people's perspective. Through ...
It's a reimagined Beauty and the Beast, in 24 episodes.. And it was excellent, I loved it.. . The anime isn't a masterpiece in certain aspects: the direction is simple, the animation is simple, the story is simple, the moral is simple... but it manages to touch my heart on many aspects that amply counterbalance all of this:. The delicacy of the drawing of certain characters, the soundtrack: splendid at times, fitting well at every moment; the simple yet right writing, and the character writing which is also simple, but right—all this set to the gentle melody of a moral about what constitutes a people and against the notion ...
This is by far the easiest story to follow this season! And the easiest recommendation to give to anyone!. . Its simple and heart warming to see the story of the four sons of the Yuzuki family and their daily lives. Each episode focuses on different aspects of the lives of the family, showcasing their early days to the present. I especially enjoy how the author portrays the uniqueness of each characters and how they became who they are, establishing the slice of life aspect of the genre.. . This anime is truly underrated this season and I hope it reaches a wider audience.
Lupin III: Jigen's Gravestone. . Jigen has met his match. Well more than a match. Jigen is a target for assassination. But Lupin is curious why he is not also on the hit list.. . You get to see Fujiko naked in this.. Its not really out of the ordinary since you get to see Fujiko’s breasts a lot throughout the series. But here she’s extra naked. Her only purpose in this special seems to be fan service.. . Zenigata and Goemon are absent from this special.. . For the most part this special is kinda pointless. Not bad. I just dont know why it exists.. There is a plot about stealing a ...
If you watch this you absolutely have to be watching the English Dub, hands down it is some of the funniest comedy in the anime world. the MC and his gang are all a bunch of perverted goofballs with some of the most hilarious inner monologue. Combine that with some nice pervy nonsense that is quite well animated and you have a fantastic show. Not only that but the main couple is actually really sweet and cute!. . The romcom aspect of this is really the bow on top of it all, I cannot oversell how well done the English VA did with his performance.
Toriko is one of those shows where there's nothing too deep going on, but it's just a blast to watch. The story largely revolves around the eponymous Toriko, a "Gourmet Hunter" that battles monsters and a chef named Komatsu that cooks the monsters Toriko defeats into delicious food, which then makes Toriko even stronger. It's a very action-forward series, as one might expect from a WSJ adaptation. Most episodes feature at least one battle and most problems are solved with fists.. . A key to why the series remains mostly entertaining throughout in spite of that frankly braindead approach to things is frequent action combined with strong ...
Baccano! is an anime that isn't afraid to challenge conventional storytelling methods, adopting a non-linear narrative comparable to Pulp Fiction's approach. Set in America during the prohibition era, it unfolds primarily in the years 1930, 1931, and 1932, following a vast group of characters whose stories are interconnected in one way or another. While this approach might initially make the story seem confusing, as the narrative progresses, the pieces start falling into place, making the storytelling more coherent. This unique way of storytelling captivated me and, I believe, makes the anime more intriguing.. . Baccano! is less of a 'story' and more of a sequence of scenes ...
Every turn this anime takes is a left, yet you never end up where you think it would go, but not in a bad way.. . The premise is interesting and it's fun when it's being executed but there are some lulls in the story. The magic/power system is also inconsistent and kinda hand-wavy.. . Overall I would say the plot is a 7/10, some good plot twists and revelations.. . The animation is a 5/10, middle of the road, the 3d models are pretty good looking and the fights are well choregraphed but the inconsistency in the lighting and the stiffness of the character's movements and expressions ...
This anime is a slice of life with lots of dirty jokes. That's basically the whole thing. If you like that kind of thing, it's great. If you don't, find something else.. . It's the perfect show to put on when you don't want to use your brain at all, honestly. It's also pretty short, which makes it a small time investment to enjoy. Something I didn't realize for a while is that several episodes have more to watch after the EP, so it's worth sticking around. That said, you're not missing anything important if you don't watch it, because there's not much in the way of ...
"Come! Take it, and change feigned love-words into true". 「さぁ、君、取りたまえ。この空想を、そして本物に変えるのは君だ」. . Having read Cyrano de Bergerac recently and absolutely falling in love with it (the quote above and my username both originate from it if that's any indication), I've grown to realize I really like works dealing with the fantastical and the genuine; in particular, those about transforming "feigned love-words" -- fantasies, dreams and daydreams, ideals, imagination, and Art -- into something "true" and genuine for yourself, the courage to live onwards and carve out a better tomorrow with your own two hands.. . SAO's Aincrad arc (and SAO Progressive to an even greater extent) is all about the ...
Berserk is definition of art in anime and manga world.. . Berserk was my second anime I’ve ever seen right after Naruto. It was long time before I created MAL account and long before I started to watch anime actively. Honestly I watched quite a lot anime since then, but no other evokes such emotions in me like Berserk. It left me with my mouth wide open and with tears in my eyes. I was so "depressed" it ends that I went to order manga right away.. For me personally these anime and manga as a unit are masterpiece so I will not even try to be transparent, ...
Never a dull moment! This is what I wish every anime was like. I was not "waiting for the good part" or "hoping something exciting happens" while watching this. Every moment something kept me entertained, be it comedy, mystery or fighting. The story is moving smoothly and hopefully it'll stay the same.. . Some things can be unrealistic (VERY unrealistic since the protagonist is a 40 year old perv in a kid's body) but this is not new to me. I've given up on expecting realistic things in anime. . Overall I'd say this is definitely worth watching if you enjoy fantasy or isekai. . ATTENTUON: this anime is not ...
A short review from the perspective of someone who watched the original show and OVA back in the day.. . This is a remake of the TV show Rurouni Kenshin or Samurai X (because he has a cross scar on his cheek). The show contains both episodal content and overarching stories with deeper running plots.. On its own this show is absolutely fine, good or maybe even great depending on your familiarity with Japanese history and high powered katana wielders that move impossibly fast.. . The story in very short summary is that Himura Kenshin is a wandering ronin, a samurai without a cause (master). Very early on we learn ...
This anime is truly my favorite of this season!. . Everything is so unexpected yet so fitting. The storyline is unique and creative, the art style suits the story really well, the twists and humor makes this Anime a one of a kind.. . Migi and Dali is a very well-written story that anyone who's interested in mystery, comedy, and thriller should watch.. . Watching this was an experience I would do anything for to experience again. Only geniuses could come up with something like this and I'm so grateful to the author and everyone who has worked hard for this.. . Thank you and rest in peace, Nami Sano.. . ...
"Dr. Stone: New World" catapults us into a realm of scientific ingenuity, heartwarming camaraderie, and unforeseen challenges. The series seamlessly picks up the mantle from its predecessor, embarking on a captivating journey that blends science fiction with a generous dash of humor and a sprinkle of emotion.. . The plot unfolds at a breakneck pace, akin to a rollercoaster ride through the uncharted territories of a petrified world. The characters, each a distinct piece in the intricate puzzle, contribute to the series' charm. Senku's genius continues to dazzle, making the seemingly impossible not only possible but entertaining.. . The introduction of new characters adds depth to the narrative, with ...
This was one of my favorites of its cour. The characters were entertaining and the story had a good mix of drama and comedy. Another bonus was Rae's knowledge of her previous life didn't interfere with or spoil the narrative like some other isekai where the main character has a lot of prior knowledge before regaining their previous memories. The first few episodes were not as good as the anime was later when it hit its stride mostly because Rae's weirdness was a bit overbearing at first. Luckily that tones down as the action and drama ramp up, which makes this an enjoyable watch. I ...
This is what you get when René Descartes, Leonardo da Vinci, Homer, Shakespeare and Gabriele D'Annunzio all get together to write the greatest harem show ever. Truly a renaissance for the genre. The story puts together every mental illness the viewer might have and turns them into a perfect love interest for all to enjoy. The characters have a lot of depth and you learn a lot of their backgrounds during the first pool episode (there's more than one). the characters are only as flawed as your perception allows them to be and there's something for everyone; There's the mommy, the lolli, the dumb one, ...
From a light-hearted comedy show with few action scenes to an amazing show with wonderful world building, characters, heavy backstories and one of the best voice acting roles I have ever heard in my life (Ma Shaa Allah). Welcome to the fantastic world of Helck.. . What I picked up as a comedy show due to what feels like a drought of good ones in months, turned out to actually be a very solid anime. An anime that started with a very unique premise of a hero trying to be a demon lord and the antic he faces along the way. From demons accepting him and others ...
I reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaally love this series. If you watched season 1 and enjoyed it, I think you'll enjoy this season just as much. Feels like a perfectly executed continuation. On the whole this series is such a simple concept for an isekai, not overly laden down with stuff like rules, skills, exp, level ups, whatever. Just OL transported to fantasy world where she's got healing magic and gets to have a chance at romance. It's cute, wholesome, and the art is well done. Sei has her little side-quests and there's occassionally obstacles that pop up that she needs to clear, but the series does a good ...
It's clear where all the character designs and some ideas in the story are taken from, the list is long, however it still works well enough to have an engaging story that keeps moving forward. It has no harem and no resemblance of it. Both main characters and their interactions are fun enough to follow and overall I didn't feel bored or disappointed by watching it. In fact it's decent enough to check the next season when it comes out.. . Obviously it's lacking in art and animation quality, feels very budget, but it brought enough entertainment that was expected of a show of this caliber.. Has nice ...
Saint’s Magic 2 was one of my most anticipated series of 2023 and it didn’t disappoint. As far as adult fantasy romances go, there’s no better option than this series. Season 2 is an improvement in almost every way over the first and is a pure wholesome and magical time.. . In an era that’s dominated by teenaged high school romances, Saint’s Magic sets itself apart by focusing on two adults getting to know each other and gradually falling in love in a fantasy world. It doesn’t rely on fan service or cliche tropes to get there either. We see Sei and Albert slowly, but surely go ...
Why is this a 6. on MAL?????. . This is a great anime with real life details, good plots and great animation as well. The attention to detail is very good as they have described firefighter equiment very specific. The plots between the main character also have depths and mixed feelings. The only reason I'm not giving this a 10/10 is because I havent seen the whole anime yet (12/24 ep). However I can assure you that this is at least an 8.0 or above on MAL. The anime is also very informative, if I was to say it would be like Conan or Dr Stone. I ...
Steins;Gate is an intriguing anime title that has much to be said about. It isn't your normal shounen anime where you can watch for pure senseless entertainment. It is a story that you should not binge, but rather watch in due time, as it has plenty of information and details that can be easily missed and play a huge role in the story. It is an intelectual anime who I believe every anime enjoyer should watch.. Nonetheless, I believe the anime is very overrated. Top 3 in MAL's ranking is definitely an overstatement of the quality of this anime. In this review, I will go over ...
Before i start, i gotta say, WataOshi is my favourite yuri LN so i might be a bit biased, but with that:. . Rae Oohashi, a typical 21st-century office lady, experiences an unexpected twist of fate as she wakes up inside the main character of her beloved Otome game. But, instead of chasing after the conventional romance with the main princes, Rae takes an unconventional route – she's set on winning the heart of the villainess, a side characterod this game. It's a refreshing take that immediately sets the story apart.. . Because of Season 1 primarily adapts Vol 1 in full and Vol 2 Chapter 1 from the ...
STOP! You were scrolling too fast! What if you missed a nice short and sweet review? It's good to be CAUTIOUS!. ---. Cautious hero comedy is unlike any other anime. It is very rare. The closet resemblance would probably be Gintama's comedy style, but Gintama takes it's time to build on the characters first. Cautious Hero, with just it's 12 episodes manages to pack in it's unique comedy style like a box of your favorite snacks that you just can't help but keep coming back to it. It's got a weird pull to it for rewatching.. ---. The main female lead, Lista, carries the show hard. ...
The plot summary and the first episode really betrays this show.. . I continued watching this show based on the weirdness factor of the first episode.. Suddenly i found myself both smiling and laughing at this anime that began in such. a weird fashion.. . Do not let the plot summary or beginning of this anime fool you. It is very charming. as things go along. Im looking forward to season 2.. . The anime is, like many anime, comprised of a few story beats coving the days, but. ...
This rom-com anime is realistic, and yet so wholesome at the same time !. . Horimiya : Piece builds further upon on the story of Miyamura and Hori shown in the main series of Horimiya.. Personally, the main series was rushed. This series is like filling the little holes that the first series missed from the manga. This series contains many more moments from the main characters' high school years that connects to their graduation, and we also get to see some different aspects of Horimiya's relationship such as their arguments, insecurities, and jealousies.. The way the amount of times they kiss and flirt increases as time ...
Working!! 2 is Working!! but better in every way, even if only a little better. The animation and art improved, giving it a cleaner look. The music, especially the opening and ending, was catchier. The jokes were funnier and wittier. The character development was really solid and I appreciate how there were jokes and decisions that carried over from the previous season, like Magic Hand (although it only showed up a few times). Janet (Maya) has a lot more screentime in this season and I really appreciate that, her existence is one of the funniest bits in my opinion. The new characters are really solid ...
Trigun is an anime that has always had a special place in my heart since the day I watched it almost a decade ago. Vash for me is the most inspirational character and has shaped my personality and the pacifist in it a lot. Trigun is an anime from 1999, this aired at around the same time cowboy bebop was airing and it is kind of similar in terms of quality but the only thing I think it falls behind is the animation.. . Plot/characters:. Trigun has good character building especially in the main character Vash. His whole plot revolves around pacifism and how to solve conflict with ...
Honestly, it's a solid shounen anime. Do I think it's a tad over-hyped? Yeah, but that doesn't mean it's not good. The characters and setting is complex and it's easy to immerse yourself into plot and overall world. The whole anime is extremely bingeable with characters that'll leave an impression on you even after watching.. . If you're interested in shounen or find yourself watching more mainstream anime, this is right up your alley. If you had a friend wanting to get into action anime, this would be the perfect one to show them. The story is very easy to digest and understand and most can gather ...
Another Lupin story that involves, you guessed it, Nazis.. But hey one of the Nazis looks like Guile from Street Fighter so thats something.. And the main Nazi looks like a female M Bison called “Herr Mafroditte” 🤔 (Its a man ♂, baby!). . Its a very fun story. Doesnt take itself too seriously which is good.. At one point Lupin is reading “Monkey Punch” 😂 great reference to the creator.. . Lupin’s rivals for the treasure are an old ex British Intelligence agent (so its French vs British), and his granddaughter who, shocker, Lupin has the hots for.. . Fugiko is undercover as always. This time playing an innocent glasses-wearing ...
Watashi no Oshi wa Akuyaku Reijou is an anime full of small problems but very fun and worth watching.. . In this story we follow Rae Taylor, an ordinary worker who one day wakes up in the medieval and magical world of her favorite dating simulation game. The story begins to develop from the premise that Rae Taylor ignores the three princes who are the romantic interests that can be conquered during the game while taking advantage of the situation to fight for the love of her favorite character and the game's villain: Claire François.. . The highlight of this story is precisely the silly and light humor that ...
This show is so cute, and the dub is so much better. I literally cannot get over how good this anime is. I forgot the entire time that this was technically an iseki, and I TYPICALLY HATE ISEKI'S. PLS if you want to watch a show that will make you laugh because of how quirky the characters are, please watch this one. AND PLUS IT ENDED ON A CLIFFHANGER OF SORTS?!?!?! SIGN ME UP.. This show made me start liking girls love anime. more the merrier.. . I dunno, the storyline is pretty mid, but the character development and understanding of the world more than make ...
What a stunning, transformative piece of animation. Once in a generation, maybe once in a few generations, a piece of art defines a genre and beyond that, encapsulates and defines the generation itself. Toho Cinemas x Pokemon Go is that piece of art.. . This animated promo uses time in an interesting and sparing way, opting instead of taking a longer period to drag out it's message, as many pieces of media will do in order to produce more and therefore earn more in an over-saturated market, to condense that message as much as possible into two twenty second shorts. This tells us one thing; the message ...
"The sun rises today and sets again. A flower that bloomed in the morning, falls from its stem. The sun sets today and rises again. Flowers bloom to fill the land, but not the flowers of yesterday.” - Ginko. . Story Development ★★★★☆☆ Good. . At its core, Mushishi is an episodic medical drama. Almost every episode is the same: Ginko meets someone with some supernatural medical mallady, and their story either ends with a miracle cure, or tragedy. Usually, Ginko recognizes the problem and knows exactly what to do, but people disobey him to their own doom. Don’t expect any sort of rising stakes or overarching narrative; it’s ...
"A silly and fun adventure to come back with a bunch of interesting stories.. . "Friren: beyond journey's end" is a show that demands impossible: to relax.. The story doesn't try specifically make you laugh, surprise, or intrigue you, but that's what makes it perfect. In its simplicity, it allows you to focus on the essential: self-reflection, memories, and feelings. Most of the time, each story and episode leaves behind a bittersweet mood, where you smile during the credits while tears dry on your cheeks.. The characters feel alive and evolving, memories are precious drops of time and emotions are the driving force. The incredible animation combines beautiful and ...
This story is very unique, and the artistry is amazing. It will both captivate and hold you spell bound till the last minute and leave you wanting more, like it did for me. It is a wonderful story full of interesting characters that have depth and great interactions with others. They are not the one sided extras found in some Anime. They each have a back story that lets you know what brought them to the school and why. They each has a weakness but it is their strengths that bring them together. What is even better is we can watch them grow and become ...
Previously, I kinda underestimated this series, first I thought it would be like milionaire detective(?) but then I try to give a try and yes here I am now addicted to Ron's series. The storyline is good, sometimes maybe in predictable but the solving will felt amazing, for detective fan Ron is kinda light story and refreshing case, different style with conan or kindaichi. The execution of the art style is soooo fine, the way they adapt the manga to anime is no miss, people who enjoyed both manga and anime will satisfy enough. Sadly, I hope there will be second season soon, whereas in the manga , ...
I am simply in love with this anime, and I won't be able to wait for the next season; I'll have to switch to the manga.. . It was one of the biggest surprises I had this season; it managed to captivate me from the first episode.. . The characters are incredible, the main character is fantastic, and in the first season, we witness a tremendous character development on her part.. . Shy addresses matters of the heart, love, and dreams in a MUCH deeper way than "Boku no Hero" (mostly because BHA's proposal is not that), and ends up standing out, becoming a superhero story that is completely UNIQUE.. . I wholeheartedly ...
Sousou no Frieren is not a typical story. It is a more slower and emotional story that has great animation and occasional nice action. But the main point of the story is the discussion of the human condition. It does a wonderful job of making the audience think about the fleeting time in our lives, while also theorizing what immortality would legitimately feel like if we did achieve it.. . Frieren and her accumulating party are all three-dimensional characters with personalities and points of view. She is by far the most developed character and everything shown about her is done remarkably well. I find the world-building ...
This story was absolutely delightful, undoubtedly engaging, and downright fun and wholesome! Truly loved watching it!. . Seeing the protagonist Rae continuously profess her love to Claire, and watching Claire’s reactions to Rae being goofy yet endearing was so perfect! Their interactions and chemistry warmed my heart, and had me laughing every episode!. . I also really enjoyed how they twisted the stereotypical reverse-Harem Otome game plot line. But with that, I also liked that they didn’t get rid of the “love interest Princes,” but had them become friends instead. To me, that was a nice touch!. . I think the other characters in the story were also fun to ...
The series achieves so much more than the sum of its individual episodes.. . The story, when considered in conjunction with each of the characters individual storylines and personalities is phenomenal. They all work together so well to produce something truly remarkable.. . There are a lot of moving parts in Dead Mount Death Play in general but none of them feel disjoined. Even components that seem to have taken a back seat or removed from the shelf still manage to have an impact on the overall storyline.. . Story cohesion and story enjoyment can often be at odds with one another, but when balanced and used to complement each other ...
I'm not entirely sure what I've just watched to be perfectly honest. I didn't 100% follow the story, I didn't really understand what was going on, at least I dont think I did and yet despite this, I've come away feeling like past versions of myself can relate to some of these subtly well written character and feeling rather fulfilled.. . I just want to say this now, I genuinely didn't know this was written by the same chap as Evangelion. I say this as I thought there were very lose similarities to the how the Angels appear in Eve with the things that appear from ...
Best generic anime that i have saw, there's no exceptional thing in this history and the animation is not the best, but is a very enjoyable show. The dark fantasy scenery is very suitable for the feeling of the show, and the relationship betwen Fate and Roxy is funtional romance cliche of a impossible love facing the problems of a hard world. So if you like cliche dark fantasy animes this is for you.. . Regarding the production, the animation was very static, specialy during the fights, but earn some points with me for not use a bad 3D animation.. . About the soundtrack, for me is the best ...
Let me start this off by saying that I am not at all the type to write reviews... HOWEVER, I really had to make an exception here, because IDOLiSH7 does not get the credit it deserves at all, and if my dumb little review can somehow convince even just ONE person to give it a try, then I'll feel like I've made my contribution to society.. . Idol shows are an... acquired taste, so to speak. A guilty pleasure for many, a snooze fest for a lot of others. Especially for an idol show where the majority of the cast is men, a lot of people tend ...
Let me start by saying that this anime is simply an absurd genius but let's put the reason into context. THIS REVIEW CONTAINS NO SPOILERS!. . STORY. We have a guy who has (or rather will have) 100 girlfriends and okay you might think...ah here's the usual harem story. And in fact at the beginning I thought it was like that and I didn't even want to start it. But I have to say that I had to completely change my mind. Rentaro YOU MUST HAVE 100 GIRLS and that's because it's totally contextualized (I won't give any spoilers about it because I really recommend seeing it to find out). . CHARACTERS. The protagonist makes ...
"Oshi no Ko" anime is seriously awesome! Despite being mainstream, it totally lives up to the hype. The way it dives into the glitz and drama of the idol world is super engaging and keeps you hooked right from the start.. . The characters, man, they are so well done! Each one of them feels real and relatable. You can't help but root for them, laugh with them, and sometimes feel a bit heartbroken too. The character growth throughout the series is something to look out for – it's done really well.. . And can we talk about the animation? It's just awesome. The art style is clean, expressive, ...
This anime got me hooked into watching anime again.. . Story 10: I’ve seen many people compare black lagoon to hell sing and cowboy bepbop. I can’t speak on hell sing but I think it is leaps and bounds more interesting and fun than cowboy bepbop. Both shows are great but I found black lagoon easier to follow. I might be a little too dumb for the cowboy bepbop plot but we all can’t be geniuses. The action was fun and I enjoyed the short 2-3 episode arcs. I think this is what made it easier to follow when compared to cowboy bepbop. . Music: 9. The ...
This is peak degeneracy hot trash. If you're here for an innocent meaningful romance, this is not for you. This show is quite literally konosuba of harem. Its unmistakably a parody of the genre of romance and harem in general and often breaks the 4th wall for added comedy. I am greeted with insane laughter every single episode and somehow it gets crazier every episode. It builds up from relatively degenerate to insanely degenerate over the course of this show and if you enter this show with this in mind, I assure you you are going to enjoy this show a lot.. . All in all, this ...
I’m not usually one to write reviews, but watching this in 2023 for the first time I’m in love. Thank you to everyone who have ever recommended me this, and rip mappa for throwing away your roots. Love this anime, I’ll take all the copium for this movie to release some day!. . The story was amazing to me as my own boyfriend loves sport, it was also very unique. Truly unlike any other sports anime I’ve heard about or watched.. . The art style feels so fresh, it’s so simple at times but so beautiful at the same time.. . I loved the characters and it truly made me so ...
Frankly my favorite seasonal of Fall 2023, by a mile. And that's saying something considering how great a show like Frieren is in Fall.. I feel like prefacing this by saying this completely clear, yet somehow still ignored, fact.. . Overtake is NOT Initial D/MF Ghost, nor is it trying to be, and thus, it's not fair to compare them with each other, as both shows are completely different.. . How, you ask? Well, here are some examples I can list off of the top of my head:. . -Overtake's story is character driven, Initial D/MF Ghost's story is narrative driven, a very poor narrative, but a narrative nonetheless.. -Characters in Overtake have ...
"The Apothecary Diaries" is pretty cool as far as mystery shows go. But, I've gotta say, the way they unveil the secrets every time is kind of predictable – something weird happens, Jinshi pops up and sends Maomao to figure it out, and boom, she has this random 'aha' moment. Still, it's got that 'just one more episode' vibe that keeps me hooked.. . The characters are a strong point of the series. They're complex and layered, giving off the sense that there's much more to their stories waiting to be unveiled. This depth adds a richness to the narrative that I really appreciate.. . And can we talk ...
10 out of 10. Why? Because it does what it is supposed to do under the right amount of time which is DANG OVERFLOW!. . I'll be it, the show is a hentai but it does its jobs perfectly than most of other animes in their own domains. No bullshit complex story, no side characters, gets to the point, no repeated scenes or frames, no skippable content. It gives you exactly what you want in the right dose. Not too much, not too little, just the right amount. Pure efficient use of resourses. Quality over quantity.. . If you are still looking for something or anything wrong, then that ...
This season of Jujutsu Kaisen was plagued by a number of issues, animation not meeting demands of fans, storyboard and directing really all over the place. But despite that, I think this season was an improvement over the previous season in every way possible.. It starts strong with a well timed arc that was near flawless in every way in my opinion but after they transitiones to the actual Shibuya arc, The issues started (Iam not an expert on animation and storyboarding but If I feel like something is off then I have to point that out atleast).. The middle part of this season waa the weakest ...
Why is this anime so good??!! For real it goes by so quickly, and I'm sad that S1 is almost over.. . As the title suggests this anime is about a guy who is destined to be the true love of 100 girls, and according to the lore of this world. If you don't date your true love they will die a lonely death, so yes indeed the guys solution is to make a harem so no one dies. This season he gets with a few of them, and yes they are all in agreement of this arrangement.. . While the show doesn't have a lot of what it's ...
I am quite frankly baffled that this show has any negative feedback. Seemingly, there are a lot of original Trigun elitists that either 1, can't accept a reinterpretation and it's MEANT to be different to the original anime or 2, the refuse to like this interpretation because it makes them a 'cool anime fan' to only like the 90s anime version. Setting this to one side, I don't see how watching this show objectively can yield anything other than positivity.. . Now I am certainly a fan of the original anime. It is a perfect example of really great 90s show. It looks great, it felt cool ...
It really breaks my heart that Shy flew so under the radar. Cute, socially awkward girl who has to overcome adversity and become a superhero while balancing her normal life? Sign me up. While it may lack the flair of bigger shonen titles, it makes up for it with a great cast and interesting world. I had a blast watching this one and will miss it on Mondays.. . Being a teenager is hard. Being a teenaged superhero is even harder. What makes Shy so good to me is how it handles Shy’s struggles of being a young super hero with the country’s hopes and dreams riding ...
One can do worse than watch this to kill some time. It's one of those shows that sets up a premise and hopes you don't think about it. The moment you start thinking what main character could do with his power whole thing falls apart and starts feeling completely pointless. However he is mysterious to a right degree and entertaining enough to carry this flawed story to the end without being tiresome. Other characters are also well designed if a bit simple in nature.. . Animation is very competent with one exception, one of main villains of the story, who for some reason directors of this show ...
2023 has been an amazing year for anime in general, but Yuri fans in particular were well fed. With series like Tenten Kakumei, Watayuri and Hikikomari, this year has been stacked with quality Yuri releases. I believe Wataoshi stands head and shoulders above the others, and is the best fantasy girls love story to date.. . Unlike most otome isekai, Rae Taylor says “fuck the hot guys, I want the girl.” Rae’s rejection of many pre-existing tropes otome tropes is really what makes this stand out to me. She and Claire’s gradual progression from unrequited crush, to friend, to best friend and ultimately to lovers is so ...
I'm in Love with the Villainess — the combination of the usual tried-and-true tropey Isekai Otome Game rom-com genres...with a dash of Yuri? Colour me surprised.. . I feel like I need to pose this question to everyone: since the start of HameFura back in the COVID times of Spring 2020, has the Isekai Otome Game genre really evolved in the 3.5 years since its inception? In one word: nope; in more words: nadda. But for one author going by the pseudonym name of Inori, the work that became to be the 5-volume long LN that is Watashi no Oshi wa Akuyaku Reijou. a.k.a I'm in Love ...
SHY - One way not to be a hero...or is it?. . Honestly, I'm quite shocked that mangaka Bukimi Miki's superhero series isn't as well received as I thought it would be. Of course, you have the closest semblance to it, being of Kohei Horikoshi's Boku no Hero Academia a.k.a My Hero Academia, and while that is a juggernaut of a series under Shueisha's Weekly Shonen Jump, the former being published under Akita Shoten's Weekly Shonen Champion, with the LN now still ongoing with 22 volumes strong since August 2019, it may be one of the many HeroAca rip-offs (which mentioning this feels ingenious at best), but ...
With the new year almost here, I gotta share my thoughts on this anime, "Undead Girl Murder Farce." It's hands down my favorite for the year. The animation is on point, giving off those awesome GoSick vibes. And can we talk about the opening theme? It's a total banger.. . Now, our main character? Selfish as heck, doesn't give a damn about anything. But, here's the twist—he's goofy and loves talking to himself, even when things get serious. Plus, he's got this thing for doing his own Rakugo. It's a wild combo, but it works.. . Seriously, I'd recommend checking this one out!
Overrated and mediocre anime. - Generic fantasy setting/magic system straight out of JRPG. - Average animation; not really a problem for me but given hyped up this anime has been from various YouTube anime reviewers. I expected something better. - Most of the characters are just clichés (Stark looks and act like Edward Elric from full metal alchemist and Frieren and Fern are too emotionless/dull for main characters). - painfully slow pace especially during the beginning until the main quest gets going. - The anime's dialogue repeats itself way to often. Telling things about it's world, characters and events that we ...
Full score.. . A common complaint, that I've held myself, is that this is not *primarily* a racing show, it is first and foremost a story.. While it's not a full throated racing show it does give you some insight into racing and that it takes more money, data and drive than you might suspect to truly compete. As for the technical driving the shots seem competent to me, but I can't tell for sure.. . Storytelling has changed over the decades and now it's common to try to make directed content that appeals to established but relatively niche markets - Romcoms, isekai, shonen and so on. Episodal ...
A catchy song with nice visuals and a very cute n funny loli to top it all off.. however, my rating is as relatively low as it is, because of the roughly 1min long part around the middle, it basically puts the song on break to do some jokes, and kills all replayability in the process, because you, or atleast I, don't want to have my 3min of music interrupted by 1min of nonsense in the middle.. without this issue, i'd prob give it an 8.. . some people liked to say that this song 'owns lolicons'. but it doesn't, it completely plays into the jokes that are part of ...
While it’s common knowledge that all K-On lovers are Satan-worshipping shoplifters who steal spare change from the homeless, I am not without sympathy. Being an evil person myself who enjoys mugging charity workers working for St. Vincent de Paul in my spare time, I can’t help but see myself in their shoes. If you like K-On, I understand. I will not question the hole in your Mio body-pillow, nor will I question the lipstick on her face, nor the seven kilograms of cocaine hidden in the walls of your home. I am a very accepting person. We live in a very accepting society. The internet ...
A DAMN , FULL ON 10/10. Attack on Titan is a masterpiece.. . The final season further builds upon on the history and the truth of the world of aot. There are also a lot of character development between the main characters of who we have been on the journey with since the very first season.. Aot writes characters super duper well. They portray both the good and the bad sides of humans, making all characters realistic and relatable. Even Eren shows a humanistic side at the very end, which is a nice detail to his character.. Aot as a whole revolves around deep topics ...
one of the best female character written hands down!!. . characters: 9/10 one of the best female character; mao mao: the best thing about her character is the she aint gonna fall for the man she saw for a sec and also he doesnt give the cringy "i am not like other girl"vibe. she is just a type of girl who doesnt have love in her priority and a girl who feel less emotions.She is cunning and smart.Finally a girl with normal traits.her love for medicine is shown and she is very determined abt her work. she gives me a chad impression and i am highly impressed.. jinshi: ...
Absolutely loved it ! This season is definitely where you can see the character development of all characters both from the Detective Agency, Port Mafia, and more that have built up from the last 4 seasons.. . Personally, this arc was different compared to the other arcs. The story and the enemies were bizarre, and this arc was also definitely a pretty long one considering most bsd arcs are only a few episodes long or at maximum a season worth. Despite this, the plot twist at last as well as the short time-skip scene that leads to the next arc was an effective and delivered strong. ...
Just a guy, his online buddies, and an amazing video game world. And somehow it just works. While several other anime have done the "VR MMO" concept before, they typically rely on real world elements to "raise the stakes" and create some kind of dramatic tension (I'm trapped in the game and can't find out why, if you die in the game you die for real, etc). The show doesn't need any of that nonsense, and is able to keep it's simple premise compelling.. . As the show consists of exploring a video game world, and lacks either complex characters or dramatic conflict, it is ...
I've never felt the urge to write a review before, and I've been on MAL for over 12 years. That alone should tell you how incredible this anime is. Usually, when I find a masterpiece, I just suggest it to friends. However, Sousou no Frieren has led me to break that pattern. This isn't your run-of-the-mill shōnen filled with random hack n' slash and fan service, so I can see the average anime watcher just getting bored because flashy things only happen once every few episodes.. . Sousou no Frieren is more than just an anime; it's a narrative masterpiece delving into symbolism, time, and, most ...
Whew boy. This was a ride. Haha, get it?. A great show. I found this on MAL before it was released and slapped it onto my PTW list not thinking much of it—thought it’d just be some short, sweet, but nothing special anime I would watch as the episodes came out—but oh man was I wrong.. . First off, it just oozes good vibes, and the animation is actually pretty well done. Not a single moment I can think of where the animation dropped in quality. It’s an overall positive and lighthearted narrative compared to numerous others. There’s no crazy superpowers, no insane special moves that the characters ...
If you're looking for an intensive car race throughout series, this series might NOT suit for you (At least for last race has really good intensity).. But, if you're looking for how the characters solved their own problem and ego. It's a really good deal to watch then.. . The main focus of this series is on their drama (It was obvious 'cuz the genre is Drama not SPORTS). Why I emphasized that point though (?) Well, it's because some people thought this series would focus on the race and guessed whose would win the next race. However, this is all about the interaction of each character who ...
A slice-of-life with a twist.. . "Kumichou Musume to Sewagakari" blends the everyday of taking care of a 7-year-old with the excitement of being in a Yakuza family. For the most part, I think it does a great job of establishing characters and showing their growth over the course of the 12 episodes. There is an overall familty-centric vibe to the whole thing as the darker yakuza half of the premise often is only present in short increments.. . This uses the trope of "scary mean character is actually a sweetheart" fairly well. The daughter, Yaeka-chan, is well written and (in my opinion) avoids many of the ...
If you're a fan of Miyazaki movies you'll probably also like this one. It's got the same beautiful visuals, same slightly eerie and whimsical tone, and same kind of fantastical out of this world setting. This one leans way more heavily on dream (or maybe even nightmare) logic than any of his other films which might make or break this movie for some people. It forgoes a traditional 3 act structure and instead the mc is kinda just strung along in a setting he doesn't understand. Things will just happen or the mc will be told to do something with only a vague explanation as ...
The story is undeniably captivating, and those who have watched Kara no Kyoukai are likely to be well-acquainted with the concept of the Mystic Eyes of Death Perception. For the uninitiated, it is the ability to see the lines and points of death on both animate and inanimate objects. When cut or pierced, a part of the object or person's existence dies or is extinguished entirely. The protagonist Shiki's ability to destroy everything around him in a blinding moment is terrifying to witness, given his mild and docile demeanor. We are left bewildered when he comes to his senses after dismembering Arcueid into seventeen pieces, ...
Feast of Amrita is a prequel to the surreal horror film Aragne: Sign of Vermillion, seeing a return of the oppressive apartment complex as the primary set piece and neatly tying the two together with an ending sequence that readapts the opening of Aragne, where the protagonist finds her "dream apartment." While this prequel fails to rehabilitate Aragne or ameliorate its flaws and deficiencies, Amrita might make that frustrating experience more understandable. True to most memorable horror, the sound design and atmosphere are the dominant aspects of the film.. . Aragne, like Amrita, had compelling imagery, but the CGI was frequently rough, and some parts suffered from ...
Scrapped Princess is an exceptional amalgamation of classic fantasy, science fiction, and drama that is not only tried but also accomplished with finesse. The immersive and credible setting adds to the overall charm of the series. The characters are well-crafted, entertaining, and impeccably portrayed. Unlike other shows, where lost technology is merely a tool for the characters to wreak havoc, Scrapped Princess integrates it with the story, making it an essential element of the plot.. . The world of Scrapped Princess is inundated with classic fantasy tropes such as dragons, magic, and sword fighting. However, what sets it apart is the realization that not everything in this ...
Man... I'm glad to have watched this anime. It is funny, great, and, most importantly, the story is amazing! It is, and I think, will be a great anime for a long time. I really loved it.. . The comedy aspects of the anime hits. You'll probably laugh at some jokes and scenes. I sure did!. . The characters are 10/10. Definitely. Some needed more story, but for now, it's 10. The characters are lovable (apart from that ONE episode...).. . The art is unique. I didn't really like it THAT much, but it was unique, and I applaud them for trying something unique. I appreciate it very much.. . I ...
What does the "Barefoot Gen" tell us about? About the horrors of war? Yes. About the nuclear nightmare? Also yes. However, it still seems to me that one of the main, if not the core idea of the “Gen” is the need to have your own position and be critical of the dominant social norms and standards, no matter how difficult it is. Therefore, this anime is political not only in the aspect of anti-war pathos, but also in the aspect of critical positioning of a person in relation to the authority and validity of government actions.. . It seems that the key words of the film ...
It was great and all that good animation with good art style, kind of a new concept, and that's the score to prove it but it lacked two major things, big plotwist, and the motivation for the act.. . Without spoiling anything, the plotwist was very predictable, as there isn't much other, the viewer can suspect, like personally I figured it out like halfway through the anime, so I wasn't surprised when he/she revealed the truth.. . Secondly, there was no background as to why the killer was doing this or anything about his/her backstory (no motivation), and the spider string part in the end doesn't really explain it ...
Berserk of Gluttony is not particularly revolutionary, but it is a very enjoyably dark fantasy watch that motivated me to go out and purchase the LN after just a few episodes and one of my favourite shows of Fall 2023.. . What do I mean when I say something is not revolutionary, but still very enjoyable? In simple terms, generic≠bad. Berserk of Gluttony has a lot of the usual fantasy tropes that we see in modern light novels and anime, but those tropes exist for a reason. Because they’re entertaining and when done right, make for a great viewing experience. For me, that’s how I felt about ...
After an incredible year of yuri in 2022, I was genuinely excited for Villainess to fulfill my GL needs and I'm happy to say it did.. . It took this anime around three episodes to find it's footing, which is unfortunate considering how short the series is. While the lighthearted and funny antics between Rae and Claire hold throughout - I was very much expecting this to show to stop there. However, around episode three, I was pleasantly surprised to see more depth and worldbuilding play out. I was reminded of MagiRevo due to the show's magical themes...and well, overtly gay MC. I really didn't expect ...
"Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is? ". "Insanity is doing the exact... same f#cking thing... over and over again expecting... sh!t to change...". "The first time somebody told me that, I thought they were bullsh!tting me, so, I shot him. The thing is... He was right". "And then I started seeing it, everywhere I looked, people doing the exact same f#cking thing... over and over again, all thinking 'this time is gonna be different" - Vaas (FarCry 3 Video Game) [Slightly Shortened & Cleaned]. . This is the epitome of this show, it does the exact same thing over and over again, expecting it ...
Overtake your greatest enemy, that's you and your own fears and trauma.. . Overtake have an very different and unique, F4 racing, TROYCA this time choosed to use a lot of real life contents, on Re:Creators they use a lot of real life places, without using an alternative and generic name to them, and this feature made the anime get some incredible immersion and create something that could be a real life story.. . The narrative is very consistent, the middle of the show works a lot with the moral of the characters and the society judging them about certain past events from one of the protagonists.. . The background is ...
This movie it's interesting and too much emotional. More character evolving is included.. Sakuta needs to prove how good he can be one more time, with Kaede in serious problems again. He isn't alone, the other girls still key pieces to the plot but when is your sister you charge with the most of charge. The movie has good animation, the dialogues are really good and get your attention in few scenes. Isn´t as great as the movie before this but still important to the franchise and always enjoyable.. The next movie seems to be better than this one considering the trailer that they give us.. Despite all ...
Plot: I have been a fan of motorsports for quite some time now so I thought maybe this show could actually give me some good racing in the middle of the winter break that is going now until f1 starts in feb or mar. I would say the story is fairly good but just a drag. Humane sides of the characters are shown quite as normal as any other show. The racing technicalities are the simple things that you learn when you get into motorsports so that is quite engaging. Overall, I feel that the plot is a solid 7 cuz i expected a ton ...
Classroom of the elite- Really liked this one, a lot of the problems are solved in a very fulfilling way and I enjoy that most characters have a little extra depth to them then most shows like this. Every episode is an enjoyable experience, and always made me want to figure out the main characters plan before he could get to it. It has some obvious ones, but many that really make you think. For example an episode in season 2 has a very clear way to solve the issue on a one dimensional level, however the creator takes it a step further (truly showing ...
I know it’s insane to say as someone who grew up in the 90s and 2000s, but I’ve never seen Initial D. Therefore, I don’t have the emotional and nostalgic connection that many people have with MF Ghost and it didn’t resonate with me.. . As someone who hadn’t seen Initial D, I found MF Ghost to be decent on the whole. There’s some really epic racing scenes, hot girls and comedy, but that’s about it. Or never really crossed into the really good territory for me. It was clear that this series plays heavily on nostalgia for a bygone era and a previous series, and ...
It's your seasonal Isekai anime, releasing this genre every season has become a routine already. If you're looking for a change of pace, chill, and slow life-ish anime this is for you. Although I would not say it's perfect, but overall this is a good watch. This Isekai anime is not an ordinary one because of the fact that the MC is forced to be reincarnated as a Non-Living thing, so this show is slightly out of the ordinary isekai. Thankfully to make each episode fun, the show introduced various characters that help interact with the MC, one of which you can find hilarious. Overall, ...
Lonely Castle in the Mirror is another anime film focused on a troubled teen overcoming her personal issues through some extraordinary means, in this case entering a parallel world in a castle through her bedroom mirror where she encounters six other teens having their own personal troubles. There are two main elements explored throughout this film's run: exploring the personal issues of each of the characters and the mystery surrounding the alternate world that the seven are able to enter.. . For the first one, the seven teens share a common dilemma in that they have their personal traumas impacting their lives to varying degrees. The ...
I have to hand it to them, I thought Troyca were dead in the water. After the disappointment that was Shinobi no ittoki, I thought they lost some of their magic. I’ve never been happier to be wrong. Overtake! is not just one of their best works, it’s one of the best anime originals of the year and a great underdog story of perseverance and determination.. . Racing fans ate good this season. Both Overtake!! And MF Ghost aired on the same day, but for me it was Overtake! as the best one from the start. I was instantly hooked by Kouya’s story and all the members ...
Overtake!...it's not about overtaking in the literate sense, but rather about overcoming the difficulties in life, with some real-life situations thrown in for some realism.. . Truth be told, after Studio TROYCA's last offering, which was the rather cumbersome Shinobi no Ittoki from last Fall, the fault doesn't square on the studio itself but rather on the people involved in creating the original series itself, which is, quite frankly, a mess. And if you have ANY reason to doubt the studio's offerings, look no further than the in-house studio chief director Ei Aoki, which this show is his 3rd directorial series after both Summer 2014's Aldnoah.Zero and ...
Imagine SAO if it didn't take itself too seriously, and was written by someone who actually understand games. That's Shangri-La Frontier. There's no you die in game you die irl here. It's just gamers having fun. But then, how would it have any stakes if no one actually dies? Surprisingly there is. But how? Well. that would be a spoiler so I won't elaborate much, but throughout the story, you will come to care a lot about one particular character and you will worry about that character's wellbeing because they're one of the few characters in this story that can actually die.
Beautiful anime 10/10, love the art (the best of all SS series for me), The Lost Canvas has such a better narrative and I admit it, but I really worried about the characters and their dialogues, as The Lost Canvas this felt like a war, honestly the classic SS needed a true war like those ones. I know some people hate it, but it doesn't change Omega was a masterpiece. Even I can admit some time this anime can be really positive about how the characters must act in some situations, but also that's the essence in SS. So, if you want to watch an ...
After witnessing The Boy and the Heron (君たちはどう生きるか), I can clearly see why Hayao Miyazaki doesn't want to retire because he's just too good to stop. The Studio Ghibli legend has delivered yet another masterclass film to their strong catalogue, in what I can best describe as his most-Miyazaki film yet, and in a good way.. . The Boy and the Heron is an amalgamation of Miyazkaki's storytelling trademarks, such as the fantastical worldbuilding of Spirited Away, the calm nature of My Neighbor Totoro, and the bleak seriousness of Princess Mononoke, all refined into a fresh and compelling narrative, with his personal touches to the protagonist's characterisation. ...
Oh, I got to tell you, it was perfect. Perfect. Everything, down to the last minute details.. The stiffness of the animation, the one dimensional characters, goofy ahh dialogues this anime had it all.. Jokes aside this anime managed to make me burst out a laugh. Which is exteremely rare feat for an anime to achieve. Just because of that I am giving this anime 10 out of 10 and recommended tag.. Don't get me wrong this anime is complete carbage but I still had fun watching it. It is at least far more enjoyable than last 2 mha seasons.
Despite its obvious flaws and controversy, JJK Season 2 has been a nearly flawless masterpiece. That's how good this season has been. The spoilers I will give will be vague. So those who wish to see a sort of spoiler free review can read this. I judge on four things. . Plot. Animation. Characters. OST/Soundtrack. . . The plot of JJK Season 2 is good. Hidden inventory arc was amazing and unique. I adore the past of Geto and Gojo and as the sequence of events unfold, our characters change or reaffirm their values. Since characters essentially portray the theme the show is tryna talk about, constantly challenging the beliefs of said ...
Rurouni Kenshin 2023 has finally ended and most people never even knew it was airing. Despite being a reboot of a legendary franchise that was highly anticipated in Japan, very few people on MAL watched this one. Anitubers have largely gone out of their way to not talk about it. So why the ice-cold reception? You know why! If you’re a Zoomer, you probably only know Rurouni Kenshin as being “That one old anime that boomers overrated and then it turned the mangaka is…yeah…so now I’m never going to watch it or read it.” There is a LONG discussion that could be had on the ...
FLCL isn’t a grand story about a space traveling pirate that fights robots with a bass guitar. It’s about kids living in a small town trying to maneuver their way through life without any real role models to help them in that confusing time.. . Naota forces responsibility onto himself in some attempt to seem more mature like his older brother that he idolizes so much. Mamimi, on the other hand, has the monumental task of finding a direction in her life as she goes through high school slowly losing faith in all the different “gods” she has used to keep herself from afloat.. . At the ...
Here we have it again. A recap. Like usual a recap episode gets negative rating, because we have seen this a few month ago and nobody needs it. However, in a few years, we might come back here and are happy to see the Big Mom vs Kid x Law fight again!. . Art 9/10: It looks amazing. The coloring is great, the animation is great and, while its not flawless, it looks really good overall. I dont remember that it looked that good in the original version. And I dont really want to check so lets just assume they reworked some parts.. . Sound 9/10: Mama... Mama... Well, ...
It's my favourite genre: it's not BL, but it is. But it's not. LOL Yeah it's lowkey BL, and it's so cute and wholesome, they over dramaticized everything and it makes it funnier. I absolutely adore it. To make it even more lowkey BL they have a Bi character in it that casually mentioned he can go for both gender and even had a boyfriend hahaha. The unrealistic element is probably the MC's height lol I mean... 189cm? Really? A regular Japanese guy with the height of 189cm? xD. The animation might not be the best compared to some more popular animes but it's cute and ...
Ah man I still don't know how to feel about it. If you love the original Trigun then don't expect this to be similar. It is way more accurate to the manga unlike the original trigun anime which is not a bad thing at all but the tone overall is much more serious. My biggest complaint would probably just be the dynamics between the characters. The original anime made the relationships between the characters feel much more special, and overall makes you feel more attached to them. Vash is such an iconic and loveable character, not to mention the other side characters but I do ...
Gonzo has done a fantastic job with the characters, who are largely similar to those in the original movie but given more time to shine in this epic. Seven Samurai, with its over 200 minutes plus Intermission, didn't allow for much character development, but Samurai 7, with its over twelve hours of runtime, offers a much more satisfying and natural character arc for Katsushiro, the youngest samurai. His romance with Kirara is better developed in the anime, and all of Kurosawa's samurai are given their own unique identities rather than just being carbon copies of their movie counterparts. The anime's final arc is particularly impressive, ...
I like the show's premise since I love world history and am familiar with many of the historical figures featured in the show. It starts with only Japanese heroes and quickly introduces other icons like Joan of Arc from France or Hannibal the Conqueror. While some of these additions may seem a little strange, like Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, who don't match the level of legendary figures included representing the USA. Also, Admiral Tamon Yamaguchi, despite playing an important role in Japan's history, has nothing to do with the story. However, it does provide an excellent reason for us to investigate the true ...
I personally really enjoyed this show. With the widely public positive reception. Including the unique and story telling and presentation skills. The narrative explores the psychological perspective of characters and delves into their inner struggles.. The show garnered significant attention from the community when it aired, sparkling discussions about our main characters, Rikka and Akane. Additionally, there was a plethora of illustrations featuring these characters during that time. The captivating storyline and immersive character interaction made audience were invested in the show very much, to the extent that people began formulating theories and speculations about the upcoming episodes and story development.. . Animation: the animation was produced ...
The scoring given here is rather misleading. Yeah I get the first poster and the synopsis fooled people (I fell for it too, was expecting something different). But as the history progress this is a proper made drama and it has a nice mistery. Despite the silly jokes this is more on the mature side than anything. Perhaps this should be reclassified as Drama and Mystery instead of comedy.. If you prefer those senseless school dramas involving teenagers doing things they shoulnd't be doing in that age because it's a huge waste of time (like having romantic relationships) this isn't for you, indeed. But if you ...
These are some very high quality nipples.. Just about every shot and sequence (the nipples) is drawn from scratch.. There is no apparent cheaply resizing and scaling that normally plagues digital animation this decade.. It is quality you would expect of fanart in CSP.. There is attention to detail whether they are covered or uncovered.. Very nice.. . . The plot is limited by the novel which is to say the story is barebones.. The details however are above average for an isekai.. ...
It seems that Japan has (or rather, had) its own Jonathan Swift. Of course, it is difficult to compare the talents of Satoshi Kon and Swift, but the sharp social criticism from the perspective of humanism, expressed in satirical form in "Paranoia Agent", allows to draw a parallel between these two "island dissidents".. . I think if R. Benedict wanted to criticize the “shame society” with the help of artistic images, she would have made “Paranoia Agent”. But at the time of the author of “The Chrysanthemum and the Sword,” anime had not yet been filmed and Walt Disney’s ideas were just waiting for their “reincarnation” (or ...
"Spike, Jazz, and the Cosmic Ballet: Unraveling the Brilliance of Cowboy Bebop". . *Cowboy Bebop* is a genre-defying masterpiece that seamlessly blends space opera, jazz, and noir aesthetics.. At the most basic level it's a Space Western.Bt it adds dashes from many other genre like black comedy, spy-action, rommace. buddy-buddy stories, slapstick humour.Every episode is different from the previos one or you can say an episodic anime. but its as interesting and thriling as any other normal action anime.. . It might be a 90s anime with old animation but don't sleep on it because of that Bepop still remains visually stunning. The blend of gothc horror and noir asthetics makes ...
"Hametsu no Mars" stands as an unparalleled masterpiece in the world of anime. This sci-fi epic takes viewers on an extraordinary journey to the red planet, offering a gripping narrative, awe-inspiring visuals, and unforgettable characters.. . The storytelling is nothing short of genius, with each plot twist and revelation expertly crafted to keep audiences on the edge of their seats. The meticulous attention to detail in world-building creates a rich and immersive atmosphere that sets "Hametsu no Mars" apart from the rest.. . The animation is a feast for the eyes, seamlessly blending stunning visuals with a vibrant color palette that brings the Martian landscape to life. Character designs ...
Aside from FRIEREN this IS the show everyone should be watching. I'd completely ignore the critics who don't recommend it. The voice acting and direction is superb, the animation quality and music score is fantastic!! Every week I'm left feeling entertained and enchanted by MAOMAO and her life in the rear palace. She literally smacked a girl to the GROUND for being an idiot. She has more sass and personality than most female protagonists you'll ever come across.. . So far, the adaptation was beautifully animated without cutting any corners. Maomao doesn't thinks she is better than other women and the story doesn't force any unnecessary main ...
My rating 9/10. . This anime definetly is something different when it comes to the romance and slice of life genre. In my opinion the show presents the most dystopian version of a complicated teenagers life and yet does a good job at it. I already read several negative reviews about Domestic na Kanojo and they were all talking about incest and the randomness on how the story devolops but thats a bunch of hogwash.. . It certaintly is NOT incest since the characters are not related by blood.. And yes it is random at some point but that's a good thing.. . The kind of emotional rollercoaster the protagonist is experiencing ...
This is a perfect futanari/yuri hentai for me. It maybe just that I have not discovered much but I have not seen any other futa hentai that comes close to being as good as this. No males, no ugly bastards but just pure and epic futanari fun. Just like another review said this is perfect for a futa on female enjoyer. Just perfect, that is all I can describe this. It is just something I enjoy the most out of all, I love this. . Avoid this if you do only like yuri and not futa, but for the futa enjoyers, this is heaven.
Went in completely blind, didn't even look at the episode length - 26 seconds in my jaw dropped harder than it has ever before. The only anime where I immediately re-watched the first episode after finishing it.. one of the two listed staff members is Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and the other is Erik Satie, both of whom are long dead. 10/10 for resurrecting classical composers just for this 7~ minute shit post. . I've said everything there is to say, MAL won't let me upload a review that short so here's a haiku about the show:. I stayed up all night,. Searching for a masterpiece -. And this isn't it.. . 10/10
Agitogi Akumi's 'My Happy Marriage' begins as a beautifully animated series that effortlessly captivates as a historical period drama. However, the enchantment starts to fade as prominent characters abruptly reach their designated story arcs. Meanwhile, the introduction of an expanded cast feels hastily expedited, and as a result, struggles to maintain the emotional investment established by the previous characters. All of this unfolds against the backdrop of a world-ending supernatural fantasy, for which viewers receive an abridged exposé. Much like its main character, Miyo Saimori, the anime begins with modest origins, gradually gaining confidence over time and daring to dream for more. While this transformation ...
At last, the season closes and I can start a review for the 2023 remake of Rurouni Kenshin, one of the biggest franchises in Anime history.. . I'm going to first of all, note that the remake doesn't actually quite achieve 10 stars, but I certainly feel it holds up well.. . Voice actors:. I rather like the seiyuu for Kenshin. I feel it's exactly the voice I expect for the character.. (In the OG I strongly prefered the EN track, especialy given the dialogue and kenshin-speak). The whole cast does a decent job and fits well. Full points.. . Art:. The animation has a nice colour palette. The characters look good. ...
A master, trying something new, unfortunately, failed at achieving its goal. This movie is especially deceptive and runs completely counterintuitive to Miyazaki's normal narrative fair. Normally, Miyazaki's meta-narrative begins with the main character entering into their narrative role, however, this movie does the opposite; The Boy and the Heron has the viewer enter the mind of the main character which is more akin to the work another great director, Satoshi Kon. I understand why people would be quite confused over the exact nature of the film since the script expositional narration really serve as either red herrings or as emotion crux of the film and ...
Season 2 stands as a mesmerizing continuation of the series, seamlessly blending breathtaking animation with a compelling narrative that delves even deeper into the mysteries of the Abyss. From the outset, the anime grabbed my attention with its stunning visuals, showcasing an unparalleled attention to detail that brings the fantastical world to life.. . The storytelling remains a standout feature, evolving the plot in ways that both surprise and engage the audience. The intricate lore and world-building continue to be a testament to the creative genius behind the series, as each layer of the Abyss reveals new wonders and challenges. Viewers are treated to a symphony of ...
I recommend this anime, the opening is magnificent and the story is a little violent but we understand the character who wants to pursue his goal of revenge against humans.. The theme of revenge has been taken up many times before, but this work doesn't have a super-powered character who wins all the time, just someone who wants to avenge the humans who killed the witch when they no longer needed her.. This anime shows the greed of humans.. The world won't be destroyed by a natural disaster, but human stupidity will.. We will be the first intelligent species to bring about its own demise.
Nazi treasure in a Lupin story. What a shocker.. . Great movie. Terrible art style. I will always choose the charm of hand-drawn over 3D/CGI.. . Lupin teams up with a Disney princess who dreams of something more.. . The characters are great. Except for the cliché Nazi villains.. Come to think of it, this movie is basically Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.. . The main cast get to show their kills.. ...
Its a series you have to stick with and it pays off by going from somewhat of a generic shonen to being criminally good. The show shines in its characters who are all well written and interesting in their own ways.. . The first two seaons are somwhat genetic shonen in plot and tropes and I considered dropping it at the time, but it gets better and more complex, building on character development and you'll be glad you stuck with the series in the end. While the anime unfortunately hasn't covered the manga at this time I look foward to it!
An added half-season 2.5 in one long episode for Konosuba. The same thing but with even more explosions. If you liked the anime watch it. If you think it was meh, watch it for Megumin (best girl).. . Animation is the same but because there is a lot of "superior magic" instead of standard combat, it was far above your average episode.. The jokes are on par with the rest, but I think it was funnier here. I like how they developed more the Destroyer's creator and Megumin, but the rest of the team isn't developed at all. They still have a problem with character development : I ...
ah yes , Dragonball the grand daddy of Shonen , just like Saint Seiya , Kinnikuman , and Fist of the North Star , of course its good as a anime , and manga , its the series everybody needs to watch , the only bad parts were the early gag eps are gonna weird viewers out , seeing Toriyama himself is a gag mangaka first before he undid it later on , but just like Kinnikuman before him , its makes this series way more popular than ever before , the filler is not bad , and the animation holds pretty well ...
Fuuto Tantei is a detective based on Kamen Rider W , in fact its the sequel to the Tokusatsu show of the W so yes you do need to watch Kamen Rider W if you want to watch this anime , is it ? well yes , the monster designs are great , the hero himself Kamen Rider Double looks good in 2D animation , this show is short and sweet , its the gold start for any newcomer to Kamen Rider anything , would you need past information ? yes just the old show Live Action show , Noting more , ...
Satou's origin story is what anyone would expect from a special forces soldier - a loose cannon who doesn't excel at social niceties. His fascination with Ajin, after his unit is involved in one of the first captures, makes him a psychopath in waiting. But it's when he's stationed in Africa that the real chaos with Fox ensues, changing the course of human history.. . Satou is right - the problem with Ajin is that you never know until you die. They look and act like us, making it a seductive idea for someone like Fox, a super-soldier who is bored with his job. Fox is willing ...
I'm fine with 3D CGI, but getting used to it is hard. Despite the impressive action sequences and special effects, the close-up facial animations and emotional performances leave much to be desired. It's a shame to see such an engrossing story suffer from such lackluster animation. While the voice actors do a commendable job of carrying the emotional weight, it's still a reminder that more progress needs to be made in this area. Overall, I'm left with the same feeling I had all this time that there's still much work to be done in the realm of 3D CGI animation for anime.. . Nonetheless, Ajin's story is ...
This hentai is a breath of fresh air. It's NTR but I think it's NTR done the right way. Not with ugly bustards but INCEST. And not that disturbing INCEST with the father in law , but with her step brother. And on top of all of that it's not just a brain dead hentai with only 2 lines of dialogue. It has some depth and a bit of comedy. It also has some beach and sauna scenes that I really enjoy. If you take out the sex it's like watching a good clichéic romance anime. Also the interactions are very wholesome.. The animation ...
Namiuchigiwa no Muromi-san is a pretty laid back 13 ep anime. with a very light hearted cast and "story" one thing I liked about this show is that all the characters are cute especially harpy and yeti. however this is a very japanese anime. it uses alot of references to japanese folk-lore and history. which might be confusing for the west. it was fun to google the stuff they brought up in the show though. id be lieing if I said I wasnt drawn to this show because of the big-boob mermaid "fiji-san" but I was overall satisfied with the show and the corky ...
This Anime portrays a great picture of How having a friend that that'll outshine the darkness around you can help/or save a person that's being subjected to bullying. As you watch the anime you are introduced to Nishimura who's labeled as the Grim Reaper, who due to her appearance and how her vibe appears to the public is experiencing a form of bullying. Another character you are introduced to is Takada, Taiyou (which literally means the sun) is a blessing to Nishimura as he pulled her out from the dark pit of bullying, his existence as her friend enabled her to see life differently, to ...
From what I can tell, this is a music video, because there’s a video and there’s music. It’s by the ‘I see fire’ Aldonoah zero guy, Hiyokui Sawanonecares, produced by him, and sung by some woman presumably. There’s a story, some vague, I don’t know, love beats war message to it, the music’s alright, its kinda shit but I mean its pretty inoffensive. It’s vacuous and innocuous like every pop song ever created. The visuals are aight. Feeling a light to decent Activision lawsuit on this one.. . This review needs more information!. Here are a few ideas of what you may want to include:. . Is the story ...
After hearing the name this anime looks different, and it hasn't disappointed me. The plot is unique, and element and aspects are furnished from the common aspect of anime we have been seeing today.. The protagonist story with the story of other character seems fit in. All though this anime won't give legendry type vibe, but it can good source of entertainment. If you want to see a good balance protagonist with cool power but the animation isn't circling about it, this the anime for you.. Except all of this I think the storyline isn't quite fit, or the animators is saving it up. I have ...
It's an improvement over the last OVA, mostly because of the violent scenes, which always contrast well with a mahou-shoujo theme. First episode even shows blood! The last episode is full of surprises. However, I have to admit that the second episode was somewhat boring in comparison.. . There are like 15 characters, some of them don't even get to talk (they joke about it) and they all kinda look the same, so it is often confusing to recognize who is who. But Yuri and Yuna make amazing protagonists, as they are so energetic and funny.. . Since this is a 90s OVA, the story is just wack. ...
Fate... Belonging... Love... these are all things Mawaru Penguindrum addresses, and it does so expertly, albeit in not the most easily digestible manner. Penguindrum is an incredibly deep and complex series. It makes heavy use of symbolism and metaphors that are not easily noticeable nor understood. If one makes an effort to try and understand it, Mawaru Penguindrum is an exceptionally impactful series. This effort to try and understand Mawaru Penguindrum will likely require more than one watch of the series-- and this is where Re:cycle of the Penguindrum comes into play. Before I begin the review proper, I wish to express that I DO ...
I am honestly somewhat surprised that this series flew under the radar the way it has. Rurouni Kenshin is one of the anime that defined 90's shounen. Although I am not the biggest fan of remakes, I find it appropriate in this case since the original series has its downsides (lots of filler, incomplete adaptation etc.). Being a remake, it will naturally be compared the 1990's variant of the series. How does it compare? I think it's pretty solid so far. The voice actors are all casted pretty well in my opinion. Kenshin has an appropriate male voice in this series. It was difficult for ...
Wholesome as fuck.. . Slightly slow in the middle but for the most part insomniacs avoided the bad pacing most romances have by scattering good moments of development for the romance consistently throughout the show which meant there was no need to have that one unneeded filler arc that for some reason plagues a lot of romances anime.. . Only a limited amount of the normal anime romance bullshitary of dumb misunderstandings leading to drawn out dramas and unneeded fan service leaving the show feeling trimmed of fat. Characters dynamics were solid (the sisters dynamic especially good). Appreciate that they gave characters many different outfits (more shows ...
I Can't Understand What My Husband is Saying is such a cute little anime. I don't watch too many slice of life anime, but this one certainly did its job. The episodes are only 3 minutes long, so its really easy to just binge the entire thing in one day. Even though it's short and quick, there's actually little samples of character development in this show, and by the end, your heart just feels so warm, you know you just watched some good anime.. . Since this anime is so short, there isn't really much to discuss. I can tell you that if you're interested in calm ...
Not great, not terrible. Was expecting some proper romcom but I was disappointed in many ways in the middle of the anime.. . Anime starts with an interesting idea, there is some characters showcase, proper introduction into story, issues and so on. I somewhat didn't like parts of the personalities of main characters but it was fine, it was funny and entertaining.. . After a few episodes I've been expecting some progress in the story or something new. Well, there goes the disappointment. Anime is circling around the exact same idea and character behavior for a few episodes and it's actually incredibly boring. Jokes are really plain and it ...
Attack on Titan's third season (part 1) is an intense and dramatic journey that just keeps getting more mysterious and more exciting as it progresses. This season probably wasn't as mysterious as season 2 was, but in Season 3 part 1, we are getting a lot of our questions answered while still diving deep into unknown territory, and having a blast along the way.. . One of my favorite things about anime is character development. I think the winner here in that department would be Christa. It's great to watch her go from someone who achieves very little to being one of the most important characters in ...
A-1 PICTURES DESERVED TO WIN A GOLD TROPHY FOR THIS ANIME.. . History - 10/10. . Sword Art Online is the biggest blockbuster from studio A-1 PICTURES and the absurd level of quality/care that Alicization received proves this in an indisputable way. Haters, please, continue pulling the hair out of your head and giving more audiences and profits to this work that I love so much, I need it to have more seasons. And thank you Reki, because once again you managed to surprise me by introducing an insane new virtual reality concept into SAO. This arc addresses some very interesting philosophical concepts using full-dive technology, I even stopped ...
Ajin has a lot going for it, but the characters are undoubtedly the best part. Kei Nagai, the protagonist, is a regular kid who desires a normal life, but fate has other plans for him. As the story progresses, we realize that there's something different about him. As his sister describes him, he's cold, logical, and a jerk. He's the kind of guy who will leave you behind if you're of no use to him. Despite that, he reluctantly helps others from time to time. Mr. Sato, on the other hand, is a cool and composed man with a kind demeanor, but don't let that ...
I might hate ecchi anime but i gotta say Prison School is quite the show, I was going to drop it when i realized it was an ecchi but i gave it a chance and boy am i glad i did.. . The whole show just feels right, and although i wish some of the more obscene imageny was stepped down it was never really portraid as mindless "sexy girl good", everything was a caracature and exagerated on purpose, the principal's echo when he speaks alone shows how the show doesnt take itself too seriously.. . The animation style is top notch, i especially like the bold blacks that ...
You know this one is kind of flying under the radar. I will be the first to say its not exactly a masterpiece. But I'll be damned if it isn't fun. Most RPG and Isekai animes are ass, lets be real. This is one that doesn't pull any weird stuff, no truck-kun sending some guy to another world where he is a hair straightener with the power of god and a harem of big tiddie anime waifus. Nope, just a dude playing a video game. And its WAY more relatable because of that. You can tell the person who made this *actually* plays ...
Ah yeah Tropical-Rouge! Precure , this is way better than Healin Good Pretty Cure , this show is awesome with the tropical theme , and everything about this show is good , having the characters be Magical girls with the Tropical theme is cool , the designs are great , the animation is great too , my only problem is this season is short , only 46 episodes that is a major turn off for me , I wanted more from this season , also the final few episodes were the best , You gotta watch this season right now Tropical-Rouge! Precure ...
This season is space theme of course , Star Twinkle Precure , is it as good as Hug Tto ! Precure ? Yes , actually is just as good , the plot for the 12 zodiac Princesses with our heroines are about to journey to space battling with the alien villains too , they got some bumps down the road , with characters interacting with selfs , and some of the villains also got the spotlight , the plot twist is somewhat out of nowhere if you don’t know the zodiac all that well , this is a Shoujo Saint Seiya , maybe ...
In the beninging, In the, in the benin… In the beninging. Yah, In the, in, in In the (listen properly) In, in the beninging, yeah. . Steins;Gate is a twenty four episode series adapted from visual novel game by White Fox studio in 2011. It tells a story of eighteen years old self-proclaimed mad scientist Okabe Rintarou who by accident created a time traveling technology. We will follow the story and see what impact it will have on his life.. . Series consists of mature themes such as social anxiety, self-sacrifice, abandonment, violence including murder, abuse of power, guilt complex. References to otaku culture are plenty and are part of most of the ...
I’ll start with the minor frustrations before I gush. This season doesn’t do a whole lot more than the first to dig into shogi, so when a big move happens in a game, it’s hard to appreciate as a viewer. Some of the characters from S1, including Kyouko and Gotou, largely take a backseat this season despite getting a little more complexity early on. It’s a bit disappointing after how both of them were built up to see them stray out of the story, and the fact that the MC’s adoptive father and mother remain largely enigmatic throughout doesn’t help.. . That being said, those few ...
Rurouni Kenshin, the remake – For better or for worse, a somewhat competent effort the second time around, because this isn't studio Liden Films's first attempt at a remake.. . For those who are not in the know, Liden Films was actually handed the task back in 2019 to adapt one of AniManga's most classic and famous works: mangaka Hiroaki Samura's Mugen no Juunin a.k.a Blade of the Immortal, which was one heck of a work back in the early 90s under Kodansha's Monthly Afternoon magazine, which ran from 1993 to 2012. The first anime adaptation being Bee Train's rather mediocre effort in Summer 2008, and afterwards, ...
When remaking a classic such as Rurouni Kenshin, a couple questions have to be asked. “Is it necessary” and “Does it in anyway enhance the experience of the original?” In my opinion, the 2023 remake answers “yes” to both of those and does the legendary series justice. Enjoyable for newcomers and longtime fans alike.. . Before continuing, I have to say that it’s been a very long time since I watched the original Rurouni anime, so I don’t have a lot of the criticisms that younger fans of the original who watched it more recently have.. . With that out the way, I can’t emphasise enough how ...
Inspector Zenigata did nothing wrong! 😤. . Possibly one of the most lavish uses of CGI animation ever, Lupin III: The First is an absolute visual treat, full of joy and zaniness, a charming and old-fashioned adventure romp. It's an unspooling like a mashing of James Bond and Indiana Jones, but equally reminiscent of The Adventures of TinTin's stylings. The animation has fun playing with the laws of physics, it frees itself from the constraints of anatomy with gorgeous fluidity. Yes, the story may be rather straightforward and its twists are easy to predict, but it doesn't make the movie any less fun as the film manages ...
Yo, what’s good? You need a sick anime to watch? Look no further than Hunter x Hunter. It’s the GOAT of shonen anime, no cap. Here’s why:. . Hunter x Hunter is about this kid Gon who wants to be a hunter, which is like a badass adventurer who can do mad stuff. He makes some lit friends on the way, like Killua, Kurapika, and Leorio, and they go on wild adventures together. They deal with all sorts of enemies, from creepy clowns to giant ants, and they gotta use their brains and skills to beat them.. . The anime has it all: action, comedy, drama, mystery, and even ...
Kimi ni Todoke is a giant fluffy ball that rolls gently over you like a heavy, soft and warm blanket that at worst threatens to leave your toes a little cold before covering them again.. . So why a full 10? Because it doesn't need to be any better.. It has its love story, funny moments and enough drama to not make it boring. This is what you watch when you like to see the underdog get noticed and encouraged, while you're comfortable in your jammies and having a warm drink. If you like it sweet with only a hint of bitterness, then this is it. ...
An assassin with supernatural physiological attributes and a criminal past is given a death sentence. Despite telling himself that he is prepared to die, and the many admirable attempts made to kill him, he persists. He is not ready to die after all. At realizing this, his executioner brings to his attention that a higher authority has offered a pardon to him, but on one condition: he will go to an uncharted and mysterious land to retrieve the elixir of eternal life. He is not the only one who will be going either--he will be joined by his potential executioner and together they will be ...
How Studio MAPPA Handled the Legacy of Shingeki no Kyojin. . I believe that The Final Season of Shingeki no Kyojin is great but doesn't quite match up to the highs of Season 3. This doesn't mean that I disliked the season. In fact, I enjoyed the majority of it and the overall direction it is heading. Scattered throughout the season there are chunks of those moments which make you go "WOW". However, there's one change that may make people feel a bit odd while watching, Studio MAPPA. After having 3 full seasons of WIT Studios polished, meticulous and perfectionist approach, the change was always going to ...
THIS IS A SPOILER-FREE REVIEW. . After the phenomenal first season and the great movie sequel, “Made in Abyss” has solidified itself as one of the best anime of this generation. The highly anticipated second season continues the story of Riku, Reg and Nanachi as they delve deeper and deeper into the bottomless Abyss. I waited a long time to watch this season, as i wanted to be in the perfect state of mind to watch this intense and emotional story.. . Story – 9/10. . A very interesting thing about the story of “Made in Abyss” is that so far, every season (and movie) has had a completely different approach ...
I just cant explain it, because I went through the same thing on both characters sides.. it's a terrible thing to go through and battle with at the same time. Please just watch it, A SILENT VOICE is a masterpiece... . I've never to this day have seen a movie, perfectly reflect on the things that I went through in my life until now. ALL of the characters are flawless. The story is flawless, pacing is flawless, and above all else. the character development. Is Flawless.. Please, watch this movie and don't compare it to anything, treat it as its own story and you reflect upon ...
There's something that makes this anime one of the most techniclly best looking film from the old anime.. . Sadly still no sound, but at leats there+s a bit mo coceshive story this time.. . The characters are well done, pretty likable, and wonderfully animated.. . The animation is smooth, and probably the best pencil animated film.. . Sure it lacks a bit of time, but it dosen't like in entertaiient so another hidden gem.. . ...
I’m only giving this show a 10 because of a dumb joke I made about the Magic Hand bit. My favorite character was Janet (Maya). Being completely serious, this show was actually pretty solid. To quote myself, “Anime has a hard time being funny”, so it’s good to see that this comedy anime is actually kind of funny. The characters are interesting and are definitely the soul of the anime. I was surprised by the recurrence of bits from earlier in the show, which isn’t common with slice of life shows. The background music isn’t bad, despite the low track count, and the art is ...
Now that's terrifying. Might've been scary back in the day, but now it's terrifying.. . 1998. The internet is beginning to take power in the world. It wasn't weird to think about how far technology may go. The connection to anybody, data, organization, as the series tells you “The wired isn't supposed to be a special world, but one that reinforces the normal world”. It was supposed to be a tool, used for the betterment of mankind. We can do so many things with it, but it was never supposed to replace reality, and now we can see the problem.. . It's a work that looked past the greatness ...
The Hidden Inventory and Shibuya Arcs in Jujutsu Kaisen are my favorite arcs in the manga and I think the anime did an amazing job at adapting the material. It breathes new life into every frame, the animation is stellar, and the animation direction is off the charts. The story is incredibly detailed and the juxtaposition of the villains and the protagonists really hammers in the reality of the gritty and unforgiving world of Jujutsu Kaisen.. . My only complaint would be that I wish the schedule for the animation had not been so poor. When only around 30% of an episode is fully realized (not 30% ...
not gonna lie, i dont frequently watch hentai, it normally is just stupid and has no story and the art usually just sucks (figuratively and literally). however, this was good. im not sure why i was so intrigued by it. even if the main character was super indecisive and has a serious lack of willpower, i just found it fun to watch.. . it was also a quick watch which i was fairly happy about, took maybe an hour to watch.. . it didnt really have a story (as is hentai), but for some reason i could like almost feel the characters emotions myself, i had the ...
What a fucking beautiful show! I absolutely love the message and the vibe of the show. The comedic timing. The audio. The intro, outro. It fits my vibe for an anime so much and I have never seen anything like it. It had caught my eye the very first time I saw a teaser about it, and my expectations have been met as well as exceeded.. . I'm so glad I watched this show. Oh yeah, I love the message that we should live everyday like it's our last. I've been thinking about WLB, and learning to enjoy living and being happy. I think this is ...
It was entertaining and was never boring, an ordinary man who is neither physically nor financially strong tries to save his family from a rather powerful gang, everything he does is a gambit for the life of all his family members.. . He needs to pre-plan everything and sometimes things go unexpected, which keeps the audience more entertained.. . I love strategy stories& this one is definitely on my list of animes & series. As an experienced anime guy, I recommend this anime to everyone, please give it a try, you won't be disappointed.. . There are minimal characters & details are good, the art style is good, and ...
My Dress-Up Darling is the story of Marin and Gojo's misadventures through cosplaying. Gojo has spent most of his life without friends his age preferring the quiet dignity of working in his Grandfather's Hina Doll Shop. Marin is the pretty, popular girl in school, despite being a huge Otaku. In other words, she really does not share any of the same interests as any of her friends. She's the Waifu for guys who unironically use the word "Waifu" in a sentence.. . The animation bright and colorful just like Marin's enthusiasm. Sometimes the animation switches styles to make something more like a certain style of anime ...
And the Genroku anime is over. I just love anime that unravels on lesser-known Japanese things.. . Shogi, Karuta, Hanafuda, now Rakugo. These animes interest me the most since I learn more from them.. . This anime went above and beyond in terms of how it executed the story.. . This season was about the master who was trained last season, and he mentors an up-and-coming master who wants to redefine Rakugo. This old master wants to take Rakugo with him to the grave but this guy is not having any of it. In the meantime, Sukeroku (The intern) is wanting to keep it alive and practices with all the might ...
What else is there to say about 86? It's simply amazing, all there is to it.. . This cour of 86 is very different from the second cour, focussing mainly on Shin's side of the story. The whole tone and the whole plot changes a lot, introducing lots of new characters. At first, I was a bit iffy about this. It changed a lot of what i loved about the first cour, so I was a bit worried if I was going to like it or not. But there was nothing to worry about, as I loved this cour even more than the first.. . I think this season ...
Grow Old and Share Together:. . The heart of the film lies in Kaoru's desire to reunite with his deceased sister, Karen. He stumbles upon a mysterious time-bending tunnel rumored to grant wishes in exchange for years of one's life. The film cleverly flips the script on the typical "wish for a better past" trope. Instead, Kaoru's wish is to simply spend more time with Karen, to grow old with her, and experience life together. This unconventional desire adds depth and emotional weight to his journey.. . Under the Surface of Time Travel:. . While the time-travel element plays a pivotal role, the film wisely avoids focusing on the mechanics of ...
Kakegurui is...really something. I can't think of too many series quite like it. It's not really my usual cup of tea, but a friend convinced me to check it out, and I'm glad I did. It's nice to branch out. To put it briefly, it's absolute madness from beginning to end, but that is what keeps it engaging.. . Kakegurui, is first and foremost about gambling. A bunch of the children of various rich shmucks all gathered together in a toxic cesspit of a school, where money and power are everything. After all, this school, as insane as it is, is only a tutorial for the manipulative ...
Anime began in the late 18th century and was invented by Walt Disney. One-hundred and thirty-two years later Haruki Murakami, head of Toyota and designer of the album cover of KanYe West’s 4th sophomore album, The Barter 3, stole the Krabby Patty secret formula required to steal children from money and set up Studio Ghibli. He was soon fired by his employees, numbered six total, and was replaced by Mamoru Oshii, who went on to create FLCL, a six-episode OVA featuring David Beckham in the leading role. Oshii won seven little Oscars for his debut and was later arrested for child exploitation, where he would ...
For starters of why I gave guilty crown a 9 score cause this was my first anime I watched and got into watching more anime so personal feelings as for the rest yea the story is kinda washed out in the second half the ending cloud be better yet it sure is a tear jerker and all of the ost are straight banger most people gave this anime not recommended is said it's cliche and all but considering the launch date of this anime this is pretty good it's also way better then the shows we got nowdays overall I'd say people should this anime ...
If you're reading reviews for movie 3, you've seen season 1. Season 1 progressively got dark and disturbing whereas this movie has disgusting things quite often. People won't recommend this anime for that exact reason, the story doesn't give any of the young characters plot armor and they witness depraved acts that nobody should witness.. Many have said this series does not hold any punches and they UNDERexaggerate, one must be ready for that. This movie continues the story of Riko, Reg, and Nanichi going into the 5th layer so unlike the first 2 movies, this is important to watch and they meet ...
Honestly, I'm not a fan of iyashikei anime, but this really surprised me with how much I liked it! Every character is endearing and likeable and you really just want to see everyone happy together. Honestly, the first two episodes were a bit lackluster and even a little slow but the third really picked the series up and it all flowed nicely from there.. . The anime is easily binge-able and the art style fits perfectly with the characters, the chibi art style they bring in made it even better. It was surprising to see how relatable the characters were, including Yuusei himself! Even the nameless ...
An ordinary working-class man from earth is whisked away into a fantasy world where magic and extraordinary creatures exist. It is in this new world that this ordinary man discovers just how extraordinary he is to his newly made companions.. . This is another isekai fantasy with a comedic undertone, as well as a context and thematic message that does qualify it has having a justification for being an isekai over just being a regular fantasy show. The nature of the show is somewhat erratic; for a significant amount of time the show is broken up into episodic "shorts" that feature some kind of short story. These ...
Kanye West moment. Art style is pretty nice I think they couldn't do it better. I think everybody should watch it just for Kanye West moment. Story is very interesting and very unique every beginner mangaka should be inspired by this. It's maybe not very realistic. It's also very inspiring when I first watch it I feel like I can do anything. As manga and hip-hop colaboration it's very good. Kanye west music it's not what I really like but this flying car convinced me to watch whole video and what can I say except if you ignore the song in the background animation is ...
Can you imagine the emotions that can be conveyed in just two short minutes of animated advertising? Allow me to tell you about a masterpiece that exceeded all my expectations, captivated me, and left a long-lasting aftertaste of admiration in my mind.. . "Cross Road." Yes, that's the title of this animated work that overturned my perception of what quality advertising is. Despite its miniature size of timeline, it left an imprint on my soul comparable to the impact of classical masterpieces.. . Animation. This precious gallery of visual impressions was crafted with such mastery that it seemed as if each frame was a work of art. From meticulously ...
What you see on the box is what you get. It's a very simple revenge fantasy where for once the MC seems to be incapable of regaining his perspective whatsoever, which is interesting in its novelty if nothing else. Yes, the main female character is worthless, yes the characters seem to be lacking in rationality or consistency of motivation, but at least the pacing is such that you're not bogged down in endless inter-character therapizing so many modern anime seem to love.. . Other reviews have commented on the lack of world building, in particular a reasonable explanation for why the witches were targeted for eradication. This ...
A man is ostracized for his lack of magical talent and dismissed from his longstanding post in the demon lord's army. Only after settling in a remote and peaceful human village does the man begin to believe he has value again; only after his noted absence does the demon lord's army realize how valuable he was as an asset to them.. . Seemingly just another ridiculously named fantasy story, this one has better execution than average. The main character has some backbone and nerve, not conforming to overtly juvenile or goofy behaviors that are rampant in the genre. There is a romance subplot and it does not ...
Bartender is a quiet, episodic anime that tells several short stories throughout its total runtime, each one of these stories' characters compounding with the episodic nature of the anime itself, all the while maintaining a surprisingly sobering atmosphere for a series about drinks.. . The writing of the show is fine--it thematically romanticizes what it means to have a drink and the role that a good bartender can play, even momentarily, in someone else's life. A lot of the writing is informative too, as the show dabbles in real concoctions and drinks, and so it offers explanations within its storylines. The characters introduced per episode are also ...
Soul Eater is a must-watch anime that stands out for its incredibly unique concept. Set in the captivating Death Weapon Meister Academy, where students wield transforming weapons to collect evil souls, the series unfolds with creativity and distinctiveness. The character designs are a visual feast, with each character, especially the weapons, boasting unique and striking visuals.. . The action and animation in Soul Eater are nothing short of exceptional. Dynamic, fluid, and intense battles come to life, keeping viewers hooked from start to finish. The series masterfully balances its tone, seamlessly weaving in humor to provide a refreshing break from the more serious and intense moments. The ...
Sailor Moon stands as an iconic anime that has left an enduring impression on fans and the anime industry at large. Its straightforward and easily comprehensible storyline serves as a strong foundation, making it accessible and enjoyable for audiences of all ages. The narrative, centered around the adventures of the Sailor Guardians, is uncomplicated yet charming, resonating particularly well with fans of the magical girl and 90s anime genres.. . One of the standout features of the anime is its beautiful art and design style. The visuals are characterized by a vibrant and varied color palette, creating a lively and cheerful atmosphere. The character designs, coupled with ...
The show is quite a solid watch if you are into time travel.Although the romance part also becomes heavily involved later in the series.The plot of the show is so interesting , I didn't end up exploring the time travel mechanics they are using in detail.The antagonists are also really formidable, they are able to adapt to the actions protagonist take, instead of being there just to oppose the MC.. . I got to witness a well written happy ending for a show after quiet a long time.Most of the time it doesn't feel well earned.But they land it well and i think a major reason for ...
If you're looking for an action anime this is not it, its a very family friendly anime and is just a story about a girl who is blessed, she doesn't hesitate to help those in need.. Animation is decent, it isn't the best and can't be compared to similar anime's like Kobayashi dragon maid.. There are mostly happy moments in this anime and little to no stressful scenes. Very relaxing to watch and wholesome.. . The MC, Kaoru has a really mean looking eye, she pretty much scares everyone she gets mad at, shes very smart and can even advise countries about taxes and she doesn't rely on people ...
"Emo Faze" is a compelling isekai anime that follows the journey of a character transported to a new world, lacking knowledge of its magic system. The protagonist's intelligence shines as he navigates this unfamiliar realm, forging pacts with demons to wield magic and outsmarting others, making for an engaging watch. His strategic prowess, blending fighting prowess with economics and business, adds depth to the storyline, making it stand out in the genre. The anime's animation quality is top-notch, and the opening theme adds an extra layer of excitement to each episode. For fans of isekai with sly and cunning protagonists, "Emo Faze" is a must-watch, ...
Zhe Tian caught my attention right from the first episode with its intriguing setup and mysterious undertones. The initial storyline sets a strong foundation, spanning the first seven episodes with a captivating narrative that delves into the lives of ordinary individuals navigating a world brimming with magic.. . Transitioning into subsequent episodes, the anime embraces the classic themes of fighting and cultivation, delving into the timeless battle between good and evil. The portrayal of demons as antagonists fueling the protagonist's quest for revenge and strength adds depth to the narrative.. . One highlight of 'Zhe Tian' is its consistent animation and visual quality. Kudos to the team behind the ...
This is not an action anime. If you are looking for smash monsters and things go boom turn back now.. This anime is more nice in the unique societal structures in Japanese companies and society and how a small group of people in a tiny corporation have to navigate this trying to solve a big problem with a small budget.. . Without getting into spoilers. The show is a slow burn building up and developing the characters within it. If you like plot development and character development this is a good show for it. (At least as of episode 10/12). E: Having finished episode 11 and 12 I ...
I'm sure everyone has at least heard of the anime even if they haven't seen it, myself included. I also knew that the series was by the same guy that made Cowboy Bebop which definitely piqued my interest more. So how does Champloo hold up compared to its legendary predecessor? And the short answer is.. In a mixed way?. . To summarize the story, Champloo is about two ronin called Jin and Mugen and the girl they meet randomly called Fuu's journey through Edo period Japan and their encounters with various people and factions they meet during it while the ultimate goal is to find the so ...
Easy to binge, each three minute episode is comedy filled.. Siblings being siblings, with the younger sister being more violent than most are. The opening is made up of fading, weirdly paced scenes from the episodes, so the opening is skippable and short. It's music isn't really a redeeming factor either.. . The art style fits the short, quick paced tone of the episodes, the characters are well done for such a show, and it's not painful to watch!. I watched this in the japanese dub, and the voice acting was great.. . Overall, there isn't much to say about this show, it's just hilarious and easy to ...
This anime has almost similar plot to the common aspect of anime, I haven't found any uniqueness about its plot. But the way they show their story is unique and element and environment about this anime kind of interesting. the storytelling is almost predictable but thrilling.. Its art style is good and fitting for the story. Characters and protagonist are seemed not well organized to me; it could have more well planned. The react to the situations seem more or less logical sometimes. Protagonist is main focus for this anime, and sometimes he couldn't meet the acceptation of the audience as the vibe the animator wants ...
First of all, I don't speak English.. To begin with, I will say that compared to its predecessor, I did have perhaps a little higher expectations, but even so it did not disappoint, it has its touch, and for the duration, it is a pretty good short film.. . I would recommend it if you know in advance what type of footage it is, since perhaps it is not to the general liking, due to the fact that it is not very literal in its narration, it is more figurative.. . In any case, it has an animation that can be annoying, at least I am used to this type ...
Cute and short commercials, I enjoyed watching these and as a series of 4, 30-second commercials, it doesn't take much of your time either. Recommended ^-^. . . Not much to write about 2 minutes of animation though, but MAL has a minimum character limit, so here is some more text:. The FitnessGram™ Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues.. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start.. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal.. A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound.. Remember to run in a straight ...
In todays anime trends whom includes boring characters that simply overpowered without suffering, this anime is an exception. The main character(s) suffers a lot, his personality also changes over time and villains are not completely demonized, their perspectives also have a narrative in the show. The world-building and lore is also written properly, and has creativity inside. Art style is not that different than your average anime, yet it still not poking your eyes. Story is unpredictable. When an episode ends, it always leaves "What, so this is the end of story? What happened, What will happen next?" questions in your mind.This is not your ...
As at the time of writing this review, the year 2023 is nearing its end; we the males of the species are slowly dying out and so is the overall population of the world. The world government has then issued that all copulation activities be stopped, men stop being men, women stop being women, so as to harvest our future offspring, send them to space in hopes of finding a better future that could sustain mankind without overfeeding the poor and underpaying the rich.🗿. . Is this the type of nonsensical comedy with overexaggerated themes, settings and experiences you've been encountering in anime. And does it piss ...
The film's strengths lie in its meticulous animation and attention to detail. The visuals depict the distillery's scenes and objects in great detail. Additionally, the film references many real-world landscapes, giving viewers a sense of being there. The story is also heartwarming and healing. Although the Komata family has experienced a series of difficulties, they have all worked hard to overcome them, and finally successfully revived the "Dokuroku" whiskey.. . However, there are also some flaws. First, the characters are somewhat thin. Although their personalities are distinctive, they lack sufficient depth, making it difficult to understand their inner world truly. Without enough emotional twists, it is difficult ...
If you don't like this by the end of the 2nd episode, then you should find something else.. . If you ever felt lost, alone, depression, empty, or just like you did not have a place in life, then put this anime on and watch a bunch of, fairly dumb, young girls try to find their place in this world as they attempt to do the impossible. The main character starts the anime as a shy loner who no longer wants to live on this planet, but her life turns around when she meets a runaway classmate who claims to be an alien, which leads her on ...
If you don't like this after the first episode, you should probably stop watching.. . This is a degenerate comedy about awkward and clueless middle schoolers, where the main character creates "science" devices in order to woo her love interest. In each episode the device fails in some way that is spectacular, usually in a fairly predictable way. This anime understands that this type of humor gets old really fast, and makes each episode short and to the point. Each episode is really like 2, 6m episodes in one, as longer than 12m at a time might be a little much at once.
I would say that if you do not like this anime within the first 2.5 episodes, you will probably not like this anime. But if you like ridiculous animes, then I definitely recommend this. It feels like every episode more and more ridiculous things happen, like if the anime is trying to outdo itself. You have to watch every episode just to keep up with every ridiculous thing that is going on, as they build ontop of each other. That is something that unfortunately the plot does not do, as the plot if fairly weak, but that is fairly typical of comedy animes. There are ...
(This will be a review of season one and two as a whole.) Man if I ever had to say one underrated anime that I've watched its got to be Space Dandy. Space Dandy is an amalgamation of many things and it pulls almost all of it off perfectly. Its a true delight to watch and every episode has me in anticipation of what wacky antics they'll get up to. Some of the episodes don't live up to some of the better ones but I didn't come away from any disliking them. This was a real treat to watch and is an easy anime to ...
Coming in with expectations from Cowboy Bebop for having the same director I quite enjoyed my time watching this show. The episodic nature made the show easy to watch and digest while also providing many moment for characters to have their spotlight and progress as people. While I think the anime had a very weak cast of side characters, they did what they needed to do episode by episode to provide entertainment and is made up for in full by the great main cast. The journey they go on connects them as people and in the end repairs them and lets them go their own ...
With one of my all time favorite manga getting an anime adaptation, my standards were set high and this delivered. Its a prit near perfect adaptation that is very obviously a passion project from people who love the original story. Pluto tackles one of my favorite topics of AI and AI rights and does it from within one of my favorite mysteries being Mystery so from the start its a story I was bound to love. I think while in some parts it shows its age being written almost 20 years ago it also aged very well and still holds up as a good thought ...
The first half of the show serves as a prolonged introduction to the show, with Saya and her followers, including Hagi, Kai, Riku, David, and many others from the Red Shield organization, being introduced. Diva, her chevaliers, and the Schiff appear as the show's antagonists. However, the story moves at a slow pace, spending a lot of time on how Saya deals with being a vampire. Saya breaks down in tears and whines about her fate as a vampire, even though we already know the situation. The only surprise in this half is the relationship between Saya and Diva and why Saya wants to kill ...
We all have experiences in life that we've shared together; something everyone's done. Whether that's having a secret exposed, feeling embarrassed, a dedication to something that you love, or even just the quiet, lovely moments that only you and your friends really cherish, it's all of a feeling we can relate to. Keiichi Arawi's Nichijou - My Ordinary Life takes those experiences we all know and remember, and injects quite possibly the most exaggerated dramatization of what the experiences, no matter how large or small, feel to us in our head. And I think that, in its entirety, is where the magic lies in this ...
In 2020, The Stranger By The Shore was released, a beautiful gay romance story based on the first book of the still ongoing Seaside Stranger series written by Kanna Kii. Visually beautiful, with an amazing soundtrack, an investing story, and very few drawbacks.. . The story, while quite simple, is a very impactful one. Living on the tropical island of Okinawa, Japan, Shun Hashimoto is a gay novelist working on his next work. One night, he meets the quiet Mio Chibana staring at the beach one night. After interacting, Mio admits that, while they have some sort of feelings for each other, he has to move back ...
Cyberpunk: dystopian futuristic science fiction, neon lights, complex ideas, and a certain style of music that I've always loved. One of the best examples of both written fiction and film of this genre is Katsuhiro Otomo's 1988 anime film Akira, based on his own manga series of the same name released in 1982. Showing a beautiful spectrum of animation, neon colors, and trippy music, this animation is one of the best examples that "just because something is animated, doesn't mean it's for children.". . Akira's story takes place in the futuristic city of Neo-Tokyo, in a dystopian version of 2019, where it shows the power breakdown or ...
Lupin III: Seven Days Rhapsody. . A rich girl hires Lupin to help her steal a diamond from her father.. Fujiko hires Goemon to help her steal this diamond.. A friend from Jigen’s past hires him to help steal this diamond. (hmm I wonder if Jigen’s friend is actually evil and is going to betray him in the end 🤔…). But this mcguffin is no ordinary diamond.... Also Zenigata is chasing Lupin from country to country. Keeps getting close but always missing by that much 🤏. . Its an entertaining fun time.. The gang is split up at the start but come together in the end to give the bad guys their kamuffins.
i know a lot of people are commenting and reading into it too much but trust that this is nr.1 for a reason, its the most beautiful story ive ever watched not even from an anime standpoint, the charracter designs are beautiful and theyr stories have so much depth.. ofcourse the attention to detail is amazing and the music is beautiful.. its a compelling story, its emotional but still manages to make you laugh, ofcourse if you want a show that you wont get too emotionally attatched to than find another anime like full metal alchemist.. this anime is by far the best one (in my opinion) ...
It's a huge issue to find some proper romcom anime, which doesn't have unrealistic situations, relationships, behavior or bad jokes. Yet here we are.. . Basically if you like original Horimiya, you will love this too. In my opinion, this season was even better. Story isn't that much focused just to Hori and Miyamura but side characters got a lot of space here too and it was a really great decision.. . Episodes are not linked to each other and while it might be an issue for some people, I am kinda happy I can just randomly in future open random episode and watch. Anyway, I think this ...
Going into this show I was a bit worried due to its significantly lower rating than the original show and just the overall thought of them making a side story to milk off the original, and maybe they were to an extent but I think this show actually did pretty well as a side story.. . The beginning is a bit weird and a little hard to get into but thankfully this is one of those shows that just gets better each episode. That being said this means that the beginning of the show is kinda weak but it posed some interesting mysteries very early on.. . Characters ...
I thought this anime was amazing! It popped up in my 'recommended for you' row, and I decided to give it a try, even though the reviews weren't great. There were a few things I wasn't so fond of, but the overall story made up for those few flaws.. If you're on the fence, I'd say give it a try. It isn't everyone's cup of tea, but at least watch the first three episodes and then decide for yourself. In my opinion, that's the best way to know. Better to try it out than not try at all, right?. . Anyways...here's my detailed analysis:. . Animation.. Don't get me wrong, ...
The animations is nothing to write home about, the designs are ehh, and almost every aspect of the show points to it being another bland generic isekai, but there are a few distinct factors that make it a hidden gem in the isekai genre. . Firstly is that the pacing is fucking insane. . The show moves at a breakneck speed, new plot points are constantly being started as soon as the previous ones have ended and it's always going to new areas when old ones have gotten dull.. . The tone kind of gets fucked in the process as dramatic scenes can be undercut with comedic ones and vice versa, ...
Tomboy develops romantic feelings for childhood friend who does not understand her sentiments at all. Tomboy asks for advice from her snarky friend and from there shenanigans ensue.. . This is a seasonal high school rom-com that delivers exactly what is packaged, no subversions here. Where it succeeds in being a decent high school rom-com in a proverbial sea of flustered fools and nose bleeds is in the whole of its cast, the upper-end animation treatment it got, and in the satisfactory pay-offs. The tired trope of a male lead denser than a neutron star is applied here with the childhood friend trope applied beneath it, at ...
Aharen-san is about the unlikely relationship that forms when a new high school student with an unfriendly face makes the resolution to befriend people in high school, as nobody would interact with him in middle school due to his appearance. His first effort to make a friend is made on the quietest girl in class and his seatmate, who speaks so softly and low that she is practically inaudible.. . This is a dry comedy slice-of-life with a mild romance subplot in a high school setting. The deadpan deliveries and the deviations from traditional tropes and expectations create a cutesy and comical tone that lasts throughout the ...
"Kaguya-sama" continues its hilarious exploration of the complex dance between Kaguya Shinomiya and Miyuki Shirogane. Season 2 picks up the romantic comedy baton and runs with it, delivering a delightful mix of wit, satire, and genuine moments that make it stand out in the crowded rom-com scene.. . Let's talk characters. Kaguya and Miyuki remain the power couple of intellectual warfare. Their chemistry is the backbone of the series, and Season 2 continues to play to their strengths. Kaguya's calculated schemes and Miyuki's over-the-top efforts to win her heart create a dynamic that's both endearing and endlessly entertaining. The supporting cast, including the lovable Chika and the ...
This anime is like a love letter to the creative process, a celebration of the boundless possibilities of animation.. . "Keep Your Hands Off Eizouken!" follows the quirky trio of Asakusa, Mizusaki, and Kanamori as they embark on a journey to create their own anime. The series is a meta exploration of the animation industry, delving into the nitty-gritty of concept design, storytelling, and the sheer passion that fuels the creative process. It's a love story to the art of animation itself.. . Let's talk characters. Asakusa, the dreamy animator with an insatiable imagination; Mizusaki, the high-class model with a passion for movement; and Kanamori, the pragmatic producer with ...
"Beastars" presents a unique universe where carnivores and herbivores coexist, but not without underlying tensions. The narrative is centered around Legoshi, a wolf grappling with his instincts and societal expectations. The story kicks off with the mysterious murder of a herbivore student, setting the stage for a gripping exploration of prejudice, identity, and the animalistic nature within us all.. . Let's talk characters. Legoshi is more than just a typical high school protagonist. His internal conflict between his predatory instincts and his gentle nature adds layers to his character. The supporting cast, including the timid rabbit Haru and the charismatic deer Louis, contribute to the richness of ...
"Vinland Saga" kicks off with a visceral intensity that grabs your attention like a battle-axe to the face. It's a historical drama that takes us deep into the Viking Age, following Thorfinn, a young warrior fueled by revenge after witnessing his father's murder. The narrative unfolds against a backdrop of political intrigue, war, and the quest for a promised land—Vinland.. . Let's talk characters. Thorfinn's character arc is both compelling and heartbreaking. His journey from a vengeful boy to a battle-hardened warrior searching for purpose is the emotional core of the series. The supporting cast, from the stoic Askeladd to the enigmatic Canute, adds layers of complexity ...
Now, "One Punch Man" is a unique beast in the anime kingdom. The premise is simple yet revolutionary – Saitama, our bald-headed hero, can obliterate any opponent with a single punch. The whole show is essentially one big subversion of the traditional shonen formula, where the protagonist usually struggles and powers up through intense training montages.. . The character of Saitama is a stroke of genius. He's a hero for fun who's become so powerful that he's bored out of his mind. The existential crisis he faces is both hilarious and oddly relatable. His struggle isn't about overpowering enemies but finding fulfillment in a world that can't ...
We're diving into an anime that's often hailed as one of the greatest of all time, "Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood." Buckle up, because we're going deep into the world of alchemy, tragedy, and brotherhood.. . "Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood" isn't just a show; it's a narrative powerhouse. The story revolves around two brothers, Edward and Alphonse Elric, who, after a disastrous attempt to bring their mother back to life using alchemy, find themselves on a quest for the Philosopher's Stone to restore their bodies. The narrative unfolds like an intricate alchemical array, weaving political intrigue, moral dilemmas, and existential crises.. . The character development is where "Brotherhood" truly shines. Edward and ...
This is an anime that holds a special place in my heart and, I suspect, in the hearts of many of you who share a deep connection with music. "Beck/Chop Mongolian Squad" is not just an anime; it's a love letter to the power of music and the transformative impact it can have on our lives. Beck isn't just an anime; it's a soul-stirring journey through the power of music, and for me, it hits all the right notes.. . From the very beginning, this anime grabbed me by the heartstrings. Koyuki's journey feels like my own, a testament to the transformative power of music in ...
Kyoukai Senki, or AMAIM Warrior at the Borderline is another one of those Anime I have stumbled upon just by listening to one of my friends rant about something in the Mecha modeling world ironically. While I wouldn't consider this one of those hidden gems as I did for the likes of World Trigger, I am happy I came across it and I look forward to watching the second season.. . As with any Mecha themed show it has what you would expect. BIG robots piloted by humans with the action that is generally coupled with it. As a casual Mecha watcher I can say I enjoyed ...
Undead Girl Murder Farce is like Gosick if Gosick wasn't so boring, featured a boring JP male protagonist, shitty romance, and episodic mysteries that weren't ever that thrilling. It's always quite cringe to see a gothic lolita hanging around an adolescent high school JP boy who randomly catches her fancy, solving random crimes like it isn't the more bizarre and BS thing in the world, so Undead Girl Murder Farce gives the theme a go and makeover was a good surprise.. . Of course, instead of a gothic lolita, you have a severed head. There's actually a reason for her bitter personality. It happens when you spend ...
The show is depressing as fuck.. But good.. As fuck.. It is about old veteran, all her friends are dead or dying. The men who loved her is dead and she did not even realize he loved her. She goes to the paces where events of her pas has been to revive the memories.. Frieren departs on the journey of memory, and her memories are the most important part, perhaps more important than the present. It is not even the "main story" interrupted by the series of the flashbacks exactly because the present story is mostly uneventful and just an container to relive the events of the past.. It ...
Naruto is recommended because it offers a unique blend of action, adventure, and heartfelt storytelling that has resonated with a diverse audience. Despite its imperfections, the series has left a lasting legacy and will continue to be enjoyed by both new and seasoned anime enthusiasts.. . Let's start with the obvious elephant in the room -. . 1. The notorious filler episodes. "Naruto" is plagued by filler arcs that sometimes feel like a detour through the ninja equivalent of a scenic route. A lot of it are outright cringe-worthy and has no significance or much value added to the main story.. Pacing Predicament:. . 2. The pacing in "Naruto" is a bit ...
This is coming from a 2023 view from a perspective of a guy who doesn't watch romances at all, and I got to say this anime is BEAUTIFUL, lovely, and heartwarming. Hundred made me go as far enough as to re-watch the whole thing again and replay the ending of it, just for how amazing it was that it lives rent free in my head now, But now is the time to give ratings on each part of this series!. _____________________________________________________________________________________________________________. (remember that this is for people like me who haven't seen many romances). . Story:. So I'll keep it a buck, the story is good, but not legendary ...
Spoiler-free Review!. . Released on the turn of the century, Boogiepop wa Warawanai is nowadays an often forgotten part of the Madhouse catalogue, in favor of its more recent remake. Nonetheless, its characters, story, art direction and world building make for an interesting watch, despite some more average elements and awkward sound design decisions.. . Characters: 8. The characters in Boogiepop wa Warawanai feel incredibly real and distinct, making them arguably its strongest suit. Rather than using the flashy age-old trope of multicolored hair to distinguish them, it instead uses careful and subtle characterization to give them clear ideals and to make the viewer sympathize with all of them, even ...
I liked the movie and that they showed us what the current Kaede think about people around her and that she think that her brother(Sakuta) prefer the other Kaede not the current Kaede and how things turns out, Sakuta and Mai and the others support her and help her for the entrance exam. Sakuta try to do anything he can to help his little sister with the help of others and he find out about the distance school and is curious about what is the best for Kaede but he don't want to do something for Kaede if she isn't happy about it. He want ...
Grounded, and weird. Disturbing, and fun. It's all about the two camps in every territory.. . “Heavenly Delusion” is not just a good anime. Thing's INCREDIBLE. Two premises happening at the same time. The allegory of a cave, and a post-apocalyptic tale of “looking for somebody”. It isn't just that. Monsters are running around, people that can kill them, but they're special. How special? We don't know. Futuristic elements, a mystery of cataclysmic proportions, characters we care about, comedy, allegories, and beautiful animation to boot.. . I love a story that can grip me as much as this one. As a premise, it can get bloated pretty quickly, at ...
This show manages to be highly entertaining thanks to its unique blend of animation, characterization, and plot, without resorting to the cliches that often ruin similar shows.. . The story of Hunter X Hunter is imaginative and vibrant yet easy to follow. It's clear from the start that the series is about Gon reuniting with his father, but the path to achieving this goal is full of twists and turns that keep the story fresh. We are taken on a journey through a variety of offbeat situations, from the dangerous wilderness to a battle-stage tower with over 200 floors of increasingly difficult fighting tournaments. These situations help ...
I'm not usually one to write reviews about animes, and I doubt my username is helping me emphasize my appreciation for this anime.. . Aside from awkward close up shots the animation itself is generally quite pretty. But animation quality is not what this is about.. . This short and sweet anime spoke to me in volumes and reminded me of a time when I struggled with severe depression back when I was younger. Orange really goes out of its way to depict all the gut wrenching assortments that come with depression. Ultimately Orange is a story about one's struggle with loss, fear, detachment, loneliness, and acceptance which creates ...
After all these years, this anime is still a masterpiece.. What I like about it, is that it's basically inferno cop with a higher budget (but the biggest difference with the png parts is that their mouth moves, unlike inferno cop).. The humor is pretty good for its time (and I think it still holds up till this day).. Though one problem i have with it, is the female voice actors in the English dub, they sound like they are not even trying (amnesia is probably the best example, along with yamoto too).. Ost is my favorite part, sad that most of it has not been uploaded yet.. Final ...
Lupin III: Voyage to Danger. . Zenigata is fired and cant chase Lupin anymore.. So in order to help him get his job back Lupin decides to help him take down an evil arms-dealing corporation.. At the same time Zenigata’s replacement is chasing them and is not afraid to use lethal force.. . Something from Jigen’s past also plays an important role in the story. Involving a friend and that friend’s daughter.. . Its great to see Zenigata and Lupin working together.. The thing with Jigen’s past and the girl was interesting. But ended kinda stupidly.. ...
Went into it expecting nothing, knowing nothing about music or its intricacies. Very outside my comfort zone for what i usually watch, but undeniably the most underrated anime I've ever seen.. . After watching this, I came out appreciating brotherhood, realistic changes in real-world environment, and the human impact that is recognizable through music and its instruments. The brotherly love shown between some of the friends may seem slightly cringe at first, however you come to the realisation that this show is actually worth watching it through. It will mature you to an extent.. . For me personally, this was a masterpiece that opened my eyes to a lot ...
One of the most important things for an anime opening/music video is arguably the music. Considering the fact that this song managed to top the global (excluding US) billboard, this is about as good as you're going to get in that department. It's also kind of poetic that the song about the most popular idol was this popular.. . You don't need to watch Oshi no Ko to enjoy this song but watching Oshi no Ko adds a lot to the animation and lyrics. Overall the animation in the music video is good and pleasing to look at. The lyrics are entirely about Hoshino Ai and ...
One of the reasons I like this anime is the nostalgia factor. A magic school anime with a twin-tails tsundere heroine? WHAT YEAR IS THIS?. So yeah the show is built around some well-known tropes, typical MC-looking MC, aforementioned tsundere, "I can't believe he's a boy" boy sidekick, but they are done well, MC is not too generic, tsundere is not overdone.. . Overall it is a rather light, easy watch, typical magic school story, but there's a dark twist right at the start, which gives a considerable amount of weight to the story: there is the well-known thought experiment of "What would you do differently if you ...
What an absolute blast this was to watch, after just watching it for the 2nd time, I can confidently say that it's the best , if not one of the best anime of the year for 2022.. I loved every bit of it, straightforward story with plenty of hype to boot, was awesome on all fronts, from the animation to the action and fights, to the characters, and the opening and ending themes, especially the ending themes and everything in-between, the author and the studio really made gold together.. . I could probably write an essay about what I loved about the thrill ride that I have just ...
Halfway through the series and I gotta say. This anime has been really awesome so far.. . To put it simply it's about the Elf Frieren and her current journey with a new group of companions, and reminiscing her previous group she was with.. In more detail. After reuniting with her previous group decades later and the first person from the group died from old age. She suddenly realized what she had. Putting the saying, "You don't know what you have until it's gone," to good use. She regretted not getting to know them better. She wished she had more time with him, but alas as time ...
Number one, wow,. It is very good, the idea, execution, music, art, everything very impressive, but for me the catch is that it is very familiar and, at the same time, interesting, so different audience can agree and like it.. Sure thing that group of qualities puts it in the higher rank incredibly fast, there are no 100s episodes to follow so a lot of people can watch.. I was so hoked that after 2 episodes I had to search the manga and read it all, fast as possible.. . But.... In my rumble opinion, even hitting the higher score, this amazing animation will not be best piece for every one ...
This is a compelling story. This anime is such a slow burn that ramps up to an ending that pays off but at the same time is bittersweet. My biggest knock is that Ep 1-6 are dreadfully slow a monotonous and the pacing is nearly dlice of life. So many questions left unanswered but despite spanning 11 episodes I cannot find a major flaw other than wanting to know more about the world the mysterious Legion and what truly motivated the Republic. If you can make it to Ep 7 you will find yourself enjoying the series. No second season is needed and would ...
I love this franchise, it has a very rare form of humour in Japanese media that appeals to me.. . This season was not in the same level as the previous one and its OVA, there are the same good jokes in season one, president Shino and secretary Aria with their sexual innuendos, Suzu being conscious about her own height, Kotomi and her suspicious incestuous actions and finally Tsuda dealing with all of them. What really threw me off this season was how a side character that is really annoying got more screentime than before, and that's Ranko Taka, the green hair newspaper club girl that is ...
Excellent series, it has a wonderfully large world, the action scenes are the best of this season, the previous one lacked this, which caused great boredom to the fans or they stopped watching it, as for the story it is entertaining, no It will be on par with the first season, but it delivers, the animation is crazy, it looks so fluid that it reminds me of Kimetsu no Yaiba (another great series), the sound section is brilliant, they know how to use it when the time is right, it really is The series is good, as a reader of isekai light novels and mangas, ...
What a great season, it has many chapters that are entertaining, the animation stands out quite a bit (more than the second season), in terms of adaptation of the light novel, it skips parts that were interesting, but it makes up for it with new scenes that won't bother you at all. To those who watch this well-known series with isekai theme, the action scenes are amazing, each fight is so well fluid that I have no words to describe it, not everything is perfect, it lacks 21 chapters to adapt this arc well (it has 12 chapters) It focuses a lot on the secondary ...
The Family Circumstances of the Irregular Witch — yeah, that's quite an irregular family with dysfunctional circumstances.. . Mangaka Piroya's only work that is Dekoboko Majo no Oyako Jijou, feels as if the author had some ideas for a simple story and plot, but, however, he/she decided to execute it in a rather...let's just say, questionable way of a gimmicky gag humour comedy that's as idiotic and ham as it can ever be. And before you ham your fists at me, I know the "comedy is subjective" tropey expression all too well.. . These kinds of "strangers picking up abandoned children" stories have slowly, like Isekai reincarnation stories, become ...
Got free ticket from a friend to watch in my country yesterday. Everything about the show is so good and it's prob the best prrecure movie I've seen so far. However, not all of them has cameo because it's hard to put all of them in the show. Even million live struggling a bit with having too many characters. The action and the feeling the show gave us do bring back memories, and on top of that the insert song and the ending theme are banger. The other guy already said it but you have to go and watch to understand what 'F' means.
4 little mice nibble on the sheet music of the red-haired kid, shimmering fragments tinted with wild notes. Gradually, the piano tames him. Barefoot in the tall grass that grows to the sound of the keys under a radiant moon, a luminous moment of grace where the metronome stops, a few heartbeats in rhythm, breath caught - - - the spectator listens, the music overwhelms everything, subtly infiltrates the bodies; a marvelous journey that scale, we are well, protected by the trees, the foliage, Nature: talent has all the room in the world to express itself. One is wild, the other diligent, two styles opposite, ...
i disagree with the major criticism that people have about this anime, that is regarding the colour palette/tone of the anime.It is actually something that distinguishes it from most of the other anime.In fact it was the the very first thing that got me hooked about i, as i had not read the manga before.,But ultimately it depends on the viewer's preference, so no point in arguing.. . The major drawback of the show is it's length. The show was already so hyped when it was announced, but a large chunk of the hyped material is not covered in the anime.This is one of the major ...
Perfect Blue is a very intricately written film. This show focuses on a battle between what is reality and what isn't, which interestingly you ask yourself multiple times when watching. You consistently question whether what you are seeing is the depiction of reality or not. This keeps you engaged all the way to the end and really does keep you on your toes.. . I'll start with what I believe to be the worst element of the show and that is the animation. For 1998, it's not the best to be honest. Looks akin to early 90s or even the late 80s. It still does what required ...
This anime is literally a dream come true for my childhood self. I've been searching for a spy anime, and this just happened to be perfect.. . The ART.. I love it. I'd see all those game openings with this cute art style and wish for an anime with it. There is a pretty obvious use of CGI and 2D blend in one scene that I don't think looks right, but all the 2D animations are beautiful.. . The characters.. Our main character, Ange is exactly what my 9 year old self wanted in a female protagonist. She's trained as a spy, calm and collected during missions, and great at ...
this one... definitely FUNNY! i got a hard belly laugh at least ONCE in each episode! most of the 'jokes' got a definitive snort or a genuine chuckle out of me!. . for a four-panel-manga, this show had a peculiar but entertaining overall storyline. it isn't truly a story told in classical sequences: a beginning, a middle, and an end... more like... a hop here, a skip there, a jump over yonder. but the stories/vignettes in each episode don't just seem to be random snapshots of these characters' lives. there are backstories told, memories shared, and new experiences on-screen.. . as to the acting? Mr. Hashi... nailed ...
Frieren is often compared with Violet Evergarden on account of it being an anime about a person (here, an elf) trying to reconnect with her memories. I think in a very distant sense, this might be somewhat correct. But if you look closer, this is not the case at all. The main reason for it is that the main character is not actually a human. Her age is in the thousands (although don't think too hard about it unless you want all sorts of plot holes to creep up), and her lifestyle is so much more relaxed than ours we can't even comprehend. Therefore I ...
First time I watched Bleach was when I was a kid. I thought the Agent of the Shinigami Arc & the Soul Society Arc were great but when I got to the horribly boring Bount Arc it was soo boring that I droped the anime. When 2020 came I decided to revisit my childhood animes. I rewatched Naruto, Fairy Tail, Doraemon, Shinchan, Perman & Bleach. I was still a newbie back then and didn't know about filler. I again droped Bleach because of the bount arc. Then again in early 2023 for the 3rd & last time I decided to watch Bleach but this time ...
Oh how I love the world of Bebop. I honestly have no idea why I waited so long to watch this. Who doesn't love a good space opera? One thing is for certain, this is better than good.. . The animation is chef's kiss good and for 2001 it's excellent. It has the elegance of the 90s with the fluidity and smoothness of the modern era. Its pretty much the pinnacle of 90s animation. As always the characters designs are great and out main antagonist is absolutely spot on. There really is something special about our protagonists; Spike, Jet, Faye and Edward. Just seeing them again, for ...
in my opinion, one of the best movies so far, ever. Within or outside the conan franchise. It's got everything you need.. . the incorporation of the main plot with BO, FBI, [Interpol?]. Some amazing animations, great explosions, and a bunch of badassery. As well as some of the most emotionally-loaded scenes from throughout the franchise. Very thrilling, i honestly could never tell how things are gonna go on forward, at some points it felt like the whole conan plot was converging around this moment whereas at others it felt like a whole new plot is being opened up. Its hard to really describe just how amazing ...
One of the most unique and particular anime I've ever seen, a true hidden gem. I approached the anime like a normal thriller, that is, in a serious way, but I quickly discovered that the anime is bordering on parody, almost grotesque. It didn't excite me immediately but already from the second episode, having understood the mood of the series, I managed to become passionate about it.. . The plot is one of the most unique plots I've ever seen. Disturbing yet hilarious in equal measure with moments that range from comedic to breath-taking thriller. There are situations that vary from "find out who killed our mother" ...
I watched the 1998 show 23 years ago and it means so much to me, being one of the shows that sparked my interest in anime. When the trailer dropped for Stampede I actually got mad, they had "butchered my boy" I told myself. There was no chance in hell that I would watch that CGI crap.. . Fast forward to last week. I started rewatching the 1998 show, for nostalgia and so on.... it's still funny, but maybe a bit outdated like most older shows. I'd forgotten that the first half of Trigun is very episodical and it takes a while for the main story to ...
I'm gonna be honest here, I've always wonder how it would be when Japanese manga would go further more to even surpass American mythologies and folklores. And now we can see how amazingly fabulous it is when someone tries it. Makoto Yukimura surprised me with his vision towards viking history. Plus if you add some WIT studio magic then it's history itself. From the storytelling to character saturation and also various life lessons that should be followed very much if someone needs it.. OK I've given enough lecture of it.. Now when it comes to season 1 of VS it not unknowing that it has some ...
Kemono Friends is an anime that stands out in the children's genre due to its unique storyline. It takes place in a post-apocalyptic world where humans no longer exist and humanoid animals are the dominant species. These animals are fascinated by human creations such as robots, guided cars, and artificial systems.. . The anime gained significant popularity due to the story of Grape Kun, a penguin who was intrigued by human creations, particularly the Lulu penguin billboard. Despite being a children's anime, Kemono Friends has a distinctive quality that incorporates elements of Steins Gate, making it an excellent choice for adults.. . In summary, Kemono Friends is a ...
The concept of using shipgirls equipped with weapons from the Second World War to combat sea monsters is a novel idea that I personally found interesting. The unique aspect of these shipgirls is that each of them represents a warship model from a different country, which is particularly fascinating to me as a fan of WWII warships, and more specifically, IJN warships. However, it is worth noting that the fate of each ship is not always a desirable one.. . The plot of the anime is also noteworthy. I recall an episode that highlights how the Akagi aircraft carrier required a significant amount of oil for fuel, ...
I am not lying when I tell you that watching this film healed a deep wound in me.. . The art in this film is stunning and breathtaking like all Ghibli films, but there’s a new style to it. It’s almost like a touch of softness from pastels or water color. It adds a wonderful dimension that’s unlike previous films. The use of music, especially in place of characters speaking is a new choice that had me on the edge of my seat every time. I felt that if I had made a noise I would’ve broken the characters focus; that’s how powerful it was. And ...
Dekoboko is an anime that will have mixed reactions due to its over-the-top style of humor. Me personally? I love it! There is a small and concise cast of characters that are unique and stylistically different, which keep the episodes from feeling same-y. Alyssa is the sweet, overly-doting mother to Viola, a human she found abandoned in the woods which she took to raise as her own. Viola can be very... protective of her mom, and constantly gets in people's way if she feels suspicious about them. But even though this show is a comedy, the show does take time to flesh out the relationships ...
I have watched this movie on a recommendation.. . I enjoyed this film.. . The plot is kinda cliché in terms of basing it from Hollywood films, but making it into an anime is a fresh take. It is a good anime to watch with the family or show a friend who isn't that much into anime but are into films. It is a good transition. . However, I would like to let you know though that I'm not really a plot guy though, so my perspective may differ to many people.. I focus on the characters for example. I see the plot mainly as a tool to focus what ...
Have to be honest here, some people may call me crazy, but this is one of the best written stories in anime. Its up there with FMA:B and Steins;Gate for me. I had no expectation it was going to take me on the journey so captivatingly. I also watched this directly after watching Hell's Paradise so I was on a high from positivity. Little did I know how good this was going to be.. . First of all the animation is as solid as you like. The character designs are great, the designs of the environments are spot on and there is a variance of light and ...
This is the anime that started it all for me.. . So yeah I'll have Bias. The only thing wrong with the whole series as that it ends at 12 episodes.. . Ikki Kurogane is probably one of my favourite MCs of all time. The embodiment of hard work will take you the whole way.. Everyone loves an underdog story. The flow of the anime was perfect. slowly building and revealing the true powers of Ikki.. . There was no bad or boring fights. Additionally, they was frequent enough but not overloading the storyline with pointless flashiness. It allowed time to develop story while also keeping high engagement. ...
Darwin's game was a surprisingly good series.. . I expected a very standard 'hunger-games-esque' type show. It really surprised me how much I enjoyed it. The MC has a steady development throughout and ends on a good note. I hope a season 2 releases one day but for now the existing content is satisfaction enough.. . I think anyone who enjoyed things like Mirai Nikki (Future Diary) or just standard last man standing/king of the hill types, will enjoy this anime. The pacing is good. The characters are interesting enough. And just the addition of unique powers per player adds an almost unlimited potential of possibilities for ...
There are slice-of-life animes that are certainly comforting and wholesome, but not many provide the quality, joy, and laughter that Skip and Loafer offers. It strikes a wonderful balance of quirkiness and calmness; navigating the main character's new overwhelming, bustling life in a Tokyo high school while giving time for the more intimate moments between friends or self-reflection. It's a show that doesn't take itself too seriously; deep or emotional scenes are usually accented with a silly or funny beat. Yet throughout it always retains its earnestness. Those emotional scenes stick because of the comedy, showing that these stressors and woes of high school society ...
Welcome To Demon Hunting, Akuma-kun.. . Akuma-kun 2023 is a middle-shelf Netflix anime. Not excellent but not a stinker. In fact, it's pretty good. I’ve never watched the 1989 anime but this sequel does an excellent job of introducing new viewers to the world and story without it feeling alienating.. . In a world where demons lurk and make contracts with humans, it's up to the new Akuma-kun, a title handed down by those chosen by the Flute of Salomon to fight against demonic forces with the help of his trusty demon companion Mephisto III… which is easier said than done when Mephisto III is a weaker, half-breed demon ...
Up until watching Hell's Paradise I was yet to see a bad MAPPA anime. After watching, I still haven't seen a bad show they have put out. Dororo, Dorohedoro, Jujutsu Kaisen etc, my personal underated gem is Inuyashiki. The worst they have done, that I've seen anyway, is God of High School and despite it being a 6, this was due to its story rather than the superb animation. Anyway, let's talk about Hell's Paradise.. . First off story wise, it's really riveting. From the moment the characters are introduced, they are likeable. The comedy moments are also well written, and written in such a way that ...
This is a masterpiece. It shows the real life of a young man drawn into the world of gambling, where he obviously does not belong, but he found himself there, partly because of his inexperience, naivety, trust in people, and partly because of his gambling addiction. The story shows gambling and the people who run that world as devils who should not be touched, how gamblers are just pawns in their sick game, as if they were watching two animals fight for life and death for fun. If you are already getting into it, you should know when to stop. Also, it shows a man ...
A very rare shojo anime that blew me away. A very deep story based on historical facts, real characters, with the addition of fictitious characters and the connections between all of them perfectly depicts the period of France at the end of the 18th century and the people who lived at that time. The characters are perfectly done, even the supporting ones, everyone has their own story, and everyone is present in the anime for a reason. A combination of historical facts, the complexity of the characters, how each of them copes with problems, both of a personal nature and those caused by the state ...
Oh god why is this the first anime i review....... The story has a bit of a star-crossed lovers element to it, which is a trope i am weak for, and it does manage a nice balance in world building, intrigue and character development. It is by no means a killer 10/10 anime, but i came into it looking for some ecchi smut. While it certainly achieves that goals (easily), there are some interesting turns, some very likeable character and some absolutely stupid anime/hentai plot moments that'll make you laugh for sure. Small warning(and kinda spoiler i guess): these 11 episodes end at a point where ...
Maybe it's just a me thing but I hardly can compare modern anime originals to anime adaptations, they even have a dedicated category on different anime awards. There can be really good ones but nothing can't hold a candle to adaptations, because taking already a popular material and adapting it is safer than do everything from scratch. Psycho Pass is an example of an original anime that has a right to compete on equal terms, but there is something I really need to get off my chest.. . The story takes place in the city, where its every citizen lives by relying on the Sybil System also ...
Blood-C faces widespread criticism, but I found it to be a hidden gem. The aesthetics are visually stunning, the characters are engaging, and the action scenes are intense. It's a unique anime that, despite public opinion, I strongly recommend for its captivating blend of beauty, character depth, and adrenaline-pumping action. However, it's crucial to note that some scenes are notably gory and violent, which may not be suitable for everyone. Yet, these moments are not gratuitous; they serve a purpose within the narrative, adding depth to the story. Give it a chance, and you might discover the underappreciated charm of "Blood C."
I really enjoyed this film. End to end it kept me engaged in story whilst the animation continued to be stunning throughout.. . Animation wise, this reminded me a lot of the style from Porco Rosso. Its like it has hints of Disney whilst rooted in Japanese animation. This films animation is stunning. Everything moves fluidly, the characters, I feel anyway, are nicely designed and have their own originality. As we journey through the film we are treated to variety. The environments vary in a nicely contrasting way, the above ground segments looks vibrant and full of life and the below ground environment look dull and devoid ...
Through 14 episodes the only real way to describe this anime is... lovely. It invokes a feeling in you that is hard to describe as anything else. The story is rather predictable, but its the characters that really make it incredible. The world building isn't anything crazy but its good enough that it makes you want to spend time there learning its history over the last 1000 years if anything just because of Frieren. The animation is amazing, the soundtrack is perfect, and the story is like distilled nostalgia.. . There is a profound sense of regret deep beneath the surface that makes you want to slow ...
"Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood" stands as a masterpiece in the world of anime, seamlessly blending intricate storytelling, compelling characters, and breathtaking animation. The series follows the Elric brothers, Edward and Alphonse, on their quest to restore their bodies after a failed alchemical experiment. What sets Brotherhood apart is its meticulously crafted plot, which navigates themes of sacrifice, morality, and the consequences of tampering with the natural order.. . The character development is exceptional, with each member of the vast ensemble cast contributing meaningfully to the overarching narrative. Edward's determination, Alphonse's resilience, and the morally complex characters they encounter create a rich tapestry that keeps viewers emotionally invested.. . The animation ...
Like a breath of fresh air, it's not often you find a high fantasy anime that doesn't revolve around some sort of dungeoneering or action around every corner. Frieren has so far been able to sprinkle a little bit of action here and there while maintaining the true focus of the story around the characters' journey of growth and remembering the past. All the while giving a feast for the eyes with its beautiful watercolor-esque backgrounds where details like soft and hard lights are accentuated well indoors and outdoors. The character art can be detailed at times and it's usually when it counts. When the ...
I would say a classic anime that gonna make you feel hyped up with his power up moments. In a world that dragons rules the sky humans try to survive and fight the dragons with all means our future MC self finds a way to send his power and some of his memories to his past self so he can manage to kill and annihilate all the dragons. i know from fact because i tried to read manga aswell after i wacted the anime atleast for the first 11 episodes they changed sometings like dialogues and the order of things that happend, ...
This anime was probably my most hyped for this fall season, and yes I know this show is only 9 episodes in currently as of writing this but thd show is one of the most sparkling and wholesome anime.. . I resonated alot with Umika when I picked up the manga online from impulse. Her interest with outer space and hard time socializing with others just clicked with me.. . Meanwhile, Yuu is a really bright ,energetic character that just brings light to everyone's (including myself) days. She is quite literally the cutest 'alien' i've ever seen.. . The artstyle is just eye catching along with the ...
So basically this is nothing like what I had thought before I started this anime, the title plus a few clips I saw before and the synopsis told me that it was a romance anime with fights, good animation and great kisses.. . But it is soo much more than that. It has some serious plot. THE MOST IMPORTANT thing is that we finally got a MC who is afraid of girls like he doesn’t act like an idiot and shit he defo ain’t a virgin. A mature well rounded character u don’t see the depth in him in the first few eps. I think u shd ...
It's a normal fantasy story about an overpowered character, if you just want a good fun brainless time go for it.. BUT, the last few seconds of episode 11 (pls watch everything cause it won't have nearly the same impact if you don't) were really well made. No ridiculously fancy animation (which I do like too, don't get me wrong), no bombastic sound effects or soundtrack, just honest-to-goodness good direction with just on point facial expressions and good solid work from the voice actors. Am I recommending you to watch the whole thing because of 15 seconds or so? Welp, guess I am.
"Spy x Family" is such a delightful show, blending humor and a touch of absurdity in a way that's really enjoyable. The characters are what make it truly special. They fit so well into the quirky situations they find themselves in, making the show both fun and heartwarming.. . The characters, oh, they're just wonderful. Anya, for instance, is absolutely adorable and has quickly become a favorite of mine. Damian adds his own sweet flavor to the show, creating an interesting dynamic.. . I'm looking forward to seeing some character development in future seasons. The first season laid a good foundation, though I felt the plot could use a ...
Was sceptical at first thinking it was just persona 4 story recapped with a new character. In a way it is but Marie's story was very enjoyable. Its better to watch the original animation first then this as extra content. Though I found the ending of this version much better than the original one.. . I was watching the show along with my progress in the game and I had a really great time. It's sad to see this being not appreciated as much as the original animation since not many played golden and barely cared abiut the extra character or alternative ending. Though I would argue ...
a nice movie about a girl working as a saleswoman in a store with mostly extinct species.. . the staff is a strong point: director, art director, colour designer and key animator (only one is credited on MAL) are all veterans who know what theyre doing, and it shows. i cant comment on the japanese dub since i watched the movie in french, but with names like hanazawa kana or murase ayumu i wouldnt worry too much about its quality. the french dub itself is also very good.. . overall a light-hearted movie which sent me back to childhood for 1h10. definitely a good watch if you want something ...
This is an ecchi anime so you have to make a review corresponding to the genre... I have seen many reviews of anime of this style that complain about "Fanservice" which seems kind of silly to me... For example, a person does not watch a hentai anime expecting there to be no "hentai".. . Putting all that aside, this is what I think of this anime:. . . . Well the anime is not the best piece of art but it is very entertaining and fun.The story is something out of the ordinary since in ecchi anime one usually sees how the plot focuses on the male protagonist. In this ...
I think this 2nd part of anime is a beautiful and suitable conclusion for the "Sugar Apple Fairy Tale" series. I really enjoy the storyline development and the issues that were in the anime, and the ending makes it more enjoyable to watch.. . This anime is recommended for people who likes or new to a mix of fantasy and romance anime. The story in this anime is a classic romance fantasy that were in many fairy tales. The romance between Anne and Chale is so wholesome that I think this anime need to be given many attentions and appreciations that it should have.. . This anime is ...
After asking a friend on Discord who the cute girl in their profile picture was (it was Becky), I decided to watch Gunsmith Cats. In the end, I had a great time with this little story! If you want an anime take on those classic American action shows/films, this is for you! Awesome action, jazzy music, a fun story, and good comedy! The story had me invested and the pacing was great, so I never felt bored and time flew by. If this was a full length series some issues may have popped up and I might of bumped it down to a 9, but ...
There are several motivations to watch this anime. First of all, this show takes risks that can never be seen in any anime. The main subject is really interesting. Furthermore, the main visions behind the main topic are not similar to other animes. The language that has been used is more lifelike, I assume. The second cause is the characters are very well-written. To give an example, the detective who is a ''real adult'' has real-life concerns. In animes, I like its association with the real world. Nevertheless, the story has superpowers too. However, it doesn't affect the fact that it is real. Lastly, the ...
Unserious. Untypical. Unexpected.. . Unserious. “Ehhh!? She hadn’t even finished her monologue yet!?”. “Fun” seems to be the most common word people are using for this anime, but perhaps it is that this anime doesn’t take itself too seriously. Whether it be Andy’s eternally-cheesy superhero grin, the over-the-top reality/world settings, or the rapidly evolving storyline – it doesn’t want to be taken too seriously. But that doesn’t mean it is unserious about everything it does.. . Untypical. Perhaps one of this anime’s most surprising qualities is how it offers so many typical aspects of its genre and yet intentionally undelivers them: it is always leading from one ecchi-esc moment to the ...
Its late at night and you scroll through the MAL top 100. After watching an anime a day or more over the past week your eyes fall on one of your favorite. Not from the story. But from the wonder and joy you remember after watching it. That feeling still lingers in your heart. That anime is "Mushishi". While you smile and hug that feeling inside your soul your eyes fall on another anime. One that did not look too interesting when it was released and you ignored it. But it has a better score than the one you remember so fondly. "How?" you think. ...
"Jin-Roh: The Wolf Brigade" is a work that is characterized by its unique atmosphere and deep meaning. The events unfolding in National Socialist Japan in the 1960s, creating a backdrop that immediately captures the viewer's attention.. . It is obvious that the movie is carefully crafted to convey not only the complex political and social aspects of the time, but also the inner world of the characters. The setting, being a vassal of the Third Reich, adds elements of tension and drama, creating a thought-provoking atmosphere.. . But what makes this movie truly great is not only the context of the time and events, but also the deep characters. ...
Jujutsu Kaisen's second season is a thrilling continuation of the series. It combines exciting fights, interesting characters, and an engaging storyline.. This season adapts the Shibuya Incident arc from the manga, which is a significant turning point in the series. It is filled with darkness, grittiness, and unexpected plot twists that will surprise you. The anime effectively captures the intensity of this arc, especially during the fight scenes, where the animation is top-tier. That Choso and Yuji fight was insane! The animation was top-notch, so fluid and detailed. Those animators deserve a big fat raise for their amazing work on this scene and the whole Jujutsu ...
watching this really soon after watching THE WIND RISES is so funny (they honestly make a good double feature). in a way, they're very similar. both deal a lot with the meaning of creation and art in a world where everything inevitably decays. both touch on the kind of purity in dreams that clashes with the corrupt and imperfect world they are chased in. both are bittersweet, reflective examinations of Miyazaki's own life and career. but while THE WIND RISES is more about why we must choose to keep on living, THE BOY AND THE HERON asks: how do we live?. . it's very poignant watching this ...
If you're a new anime fan or just wondering why this anime is rated so high, Then this review is for you. It quite simply is one of the most beautiful things created in terms of anime. Imagine if you were an elf, everyone around you lived and died and left you all alone. This is the story of Frieren and her journey of self discovery about emotions she didn't know she was capable of feeling and expressing.. . Story : This already makes it stand apart from the plethora of anime out there. Usually you see anime with the main character setting out to defeat the ...
Undead Unluck is a thrilling and heartwarming anime that combines action, comedy, and romance uniquely. It is based on the original manga by Yoshifumi Tozuka, which I have read up to the latest chapter.. . A word of caution for viewers: if you can handle the fairly intense sexual depictions in the early stages, then you'll be fine for the rest. Honestly, I think Undead Unluck surpasses Hunter x Hunter (2011) and Dragon Ball. This work is a typical ability battle manga, but at the same time, it has a perfect romance depiction. It shows clearly how a woman falls in love with a man through ...
∠( ᐛ 」∠)_ well.... . I started watching it because it had hot men on the cover, but it ended up being a good story. I rarely watch it to follow the story, usually the characters irritate me and I end up watching it because I have nothing else to see.. . Adults, singles, living life as it should be, honestly, I don't have the patience to want to see the development of characters and feelings in a hentai, this one was straight to the point. Good!. . First time seeing a woman having more pleasure than a man, where nothing was forced, because she wanted it too. It even ...
Saying this is bad (and that you shouldn't watch it) is like saying all the art in the Italian Renaissance is a trash crayon drawing of a two year old - and should be thrown away.. . This story is unique enough from other stories not to feel stale at all while powerfully opposing evil in a very artistic and motivational way that is beyond delicious, exciting, and fun. I LOVE THIS SHOW and if you like action/fantasy, some extremely entertaining romance, and a clever story line you will not dislike this at all. If you are not one of those people who nitpicks microscopic imperfections in ...
Já li o mangá todo até onde saiu, que diga-se de passagem é mt bom, mas o anime elevou para um outro nivel a respeito de tudo. Apenas uma história sobre as coisas pequenas mais importantes da vida. conta a vida de Frieren uma elfa quase Imortal que vai aprendendo o valor do tempo das memórias e das relações que fazemos uns com os outros. O mangá não corre para a ação nem pra trama em si, a experiência as mensagens e a própria trama verdadeira estão exatamente nas pequenas ações idiotas que todos nós tomamos na vida, sentar na sombra de uma árvore ancestral ...
It's underrated, looks like you procrastinating a lot before start drawing a day before deadline.. . However what's lie behind the graphics, the story plot is somehow make me related with his struggle and also every character development make me remind when I started my career, don't get me wrong but it horribly written that the details are forced out that I could missed out such detail in later story.. . If you like where character could being development very good, this might for you, their weakness is what make it somehow relating.. . Don't expect anything that you get a life changing event after watch this, this show is entirely ...
This show was one of my top 10 before I saw Brotherhood. I really loved this show, especially when I wasn't aware that the ending wasn't canon. I will attempt to review this show as a standalone production while simultaneously comparing and contrasting it to Brotherhood.. . After seeing the canon ending in Brotherhood, I must say that this version's ending is bad. The manga was unfinished, and instead of taking a break or waiting, the anime team decided to take creative liberties and develop their own conclusion. Regrettably, it appears that the writing team was skilled at interpreting the manga but not at generating their own ...
The CGI is crap, but the story remains captivating. I enjoyed the twists and turns, as well as the encounters. Watching Guts meet new comrades and battle monsters is what I had hoped for when I started watching this season. The characters are all fantastic, with none of them feeling out of place or dull. They all serve a purpose and contribute to the story's development.. . As for the crappy animation, it can be unpleasant to watch. However, it isn't as terrible as some people make it out to be. The camera angles could use some improvement, but the action scenes are decent and get the ...
This could potentially be Hayao Miyazaki's swan song, and as expected from him, it is fantastic! The animation is incredibly smooth and beautiful. Everything about this film is truly peak Ghibli, but I did notice a few things that were slightly different. The animation for the fire had a certain sharpness to it, looking quite distinct from other fires in Ghibli films. It's not bad; in fact, I appreciate the intensity the fire conveys. Another thing I observed is that the music was noticeably softer, leaving a somber impression on me.. . As for the rest of my thoughts, this film is filled with wonder and joy. ...
With the amount of hype that surrounded Bocchi when it came out, I found myself afraid to watch it, I knew it wouldn't live up to the hype and I would only be disappointed, so I decided to not watch it straight away so I could judge it on its own merits away from the buzz and hype.. . I'm glad I did that, because if I watched it at the time, I would likely not liked this series and scored it accordingly, which would have been a travesty, as Bocchi is a good series, but it is not as good as people claimed and it really ...
Well, I have read manga (rather following it and it's upto date), so it is not preliminary to come to a conclusion that in between I rather came to an confusion to as what is with this series, no-no not in a bad way but rather differently (but as on today's date for anime it's still far).. I agree with most reviews that it tells about our feelings for things that we missed in past and we now regret it lon life. (But I would say I am surprised to see this high rating of 9, i imagined it tol be neat 8.6).. Unlike most fantasy ...
I have a long history with Kimagure Orange Road. I don't remember exactly when I started watching the anime, but I believe it was in 2018 or 2017.. I never wanted to end it too quickly, as it was always a pleasure to be consumed slowly, as it is a 1988 anime after all.. . Today, I finished the film that ends the story. I had this promise to myself, that I would only finish the film when I graduated, and here I am, at this crucial moment trying to explain a little what this extremely individual experience I had was.. . The entire Kimagure (anime) has an episodic rhythm. ...
I love this. Cid is such a funny character that sometimes I think that 'God please make him aware of people around him' but if that happens then it might turn bad as it will lose its feel. The small or no knowledge of Cid makes him like one of the most lucky protagonist of all times, he does something just for fun and accidentally his action is the best suited action of all.. As we later progress in story he gets more involved and we see more of Cid's Eminence in Shadow moments which is fun too (like the Oriana Kingdom arc).. I highly recommend ...
First time I watched this I was mostly high, and although I enjoyed it, it didn't really make a lasting impression.. . I just finished rewatching it and I really loved it this time.. . Spriggan is basically a no nonsense action flick. Lots of fighting, lots of military, with a touch of Indiana Jones vibes. No romance or feely stuff, just great action with and adventure.. . It was a little weird that the main character is a kid in school who has more sense than the average adult, but I think that adds to the awesomeness of the show.. . If like me you're a fan of action stuff, you'll love ...
It is very, very rare that I would ever declare a show perfect or give it 10 stars, but here we are. I would also give Darker Than Black season one 10 stars, 86, maybe Spy x Family season one, probably My Hero, a few others, but of truly great shows that illustrate the full potential of the medium, Link Click season one is among the very best.. . The animation is spectacular, opening themes are fantastic for both seasons, characters are deep and real and intriguing. Like Darker Than Black, most of season one tells stories in pairs of episodes. Unlike Darker Than Black, or any ...
When I first Heard about the anime Planetes was through Code Geass as they’re both written by the same creators (Goro Taniguichi and Ichiro Okouchi), I know the manga was initially made by the guy who wrote vinland saga, but apparently the anime and manga are very different especially in thematic elements of politics/existential philosophies and anime was more celebrated on that aspect as well as other things such as characters behaviors. So as Code Geass is my Favorite media of all time, I was thrilled especially after hearing that Planetes is also this thematic and deep yet subtle masterpiece.. . When I started watching Planetes ...
Before hitting play on "A Place Further Than The Universe," I scrolled through some reviews because it seemed like it could be a bit complex. And yeah, there are moments where the teenage drama feels a bit over the top. But then, thinking back to my own teen years, wasn't everything kind of amplified? Our problems felt like they were on a global scale back then.. . The plot is straightforward but incredibly heartwarming. It's the kind of show you watch when you need a pick-me-up, something to uplift your spirits.. . The characters mirror the simplicity and kindness of the plot. They're naive, vibrant, and full of life. ...
Hi im writtin this ratin for the people that givin wrong reviews as " its bad anime for kids or its a copy of AOT or tokyo ghoul ". you cant make a proper rate by just watchin 1-2 episodes anyways . since i watched first episode of bleach yeah its sht anime i can say .. No ofc nope its one of the best ones out there but yeah im ratin an anime without even givin it a try .. . Anyways , Art style/Animation are a solid 8/10 for now. storyline is fkin epic in the manga cant spoil , i would recommend to give ...
What a delightfully positive anime through and through. Four eclectic main characters, with typical issues, but some interesting and atypical resolutions to their story arcs (at least within most anime). A host of decent supporting characters that serve their role well without overstaying their welcome or serving as hamfisted plot devices. A driving, but at times meandering main storyline with a tasteful conclusion overall.. . The only real thing that took me out of the experience was some decidedly awkward dialogue sequences during scenes where the visual metaphors and symbolism were plenty enough to convey the point. This, unfortunately, happens for at least 2-3 episodes in ...
Words cannot express how amazing this show is. It devlops what is normally a 2 dimensional character into an amazingly developed one.. The pac is back and this time hes mad. In season 3, episode 16 he eats a brain, but the brain is a power pellet and it makes him into a nerd. He's got a little bowtie and glasses and it's very funny i liked it a lot.. This is all well and good. It's got everything one may want from a anime, but there's one thing that puts it over the like of any other garden veriety anime, and that is skeebo. Let me paint ...
This review will sum up my thoughts from the first season to the very final, pretty much my overall thoughts on Fruits Basket.. . Fruits Basket is an anime that I initially find very odd during the first few episodes, like seriously a drama show about zodiac animals that sounds extremely silly. But I still continued and watched with an open mind. To my surprise this show is so much more than just zodiac animals; It is a story about bonds and connections, what it means to be human, existentialism, self-acceptance, Exploration of ones identity and so much more that are tackled in this series.. . [characters 10/10]. This is ...
Drawn in by the popularity of Chinese 3D animation, I immersed myself in "Cang Yuan Tu". The main protagonist immediately captivated my interest, drawing me further into the storyline revolving around his quest for vengeance against the demons responsible for his mother’s death.. . This anime navigates familiar themes, particularly the timeless clash between cultivating humans and malevolent demons. The distinction between good and evil is clear, creating high stakes and goals. Visually, the animation is commendable, though some episodes suffered from a flat sound quality, detracting slightly from the overall experience.. . However, the characters lacked the depth and distinction I typically seek in an anime. Perhaps this ...
Hello,. I have noticed that this anime has ruffled a lot of feathers and the concept feels old and overused. HOWEVER, i thoroughly enjoyed this anime and would love to see more of it. Why? Well, let me explain.. . First of all, I have watched what I feel is the most popular version of this type of anime, "My Next Life as a Villainess: All Routes Lead to Doom!". The one thing I had issues with that anime is the issue that separates ok anime and great anime. That is the attention to building characters and the world. For an extreme example let's look at ...
Attack on Titan Season 1 adalah sebuah anime yang mengguncang dunia dengan narasi yang intens, aksi yang mendebarkan, dan misteri yang mendalam. Dengan karakter-karakter yang kompleks dan plot yang tak terduga, anime ini berhasil memikat penonton dari awal hingga akhir.. . Satu hal yang membuat Attack on Titan begitu istimewa adalah penggambaran dunianya yang keras dan penuh ketegangan. Manusia hidup dalam ketakutan karena ancaman dari para raksasa pemakan manusia yang muncul tanpa peringatan. Hal ini menciptakan atmosfer yang tegang dan membawa penonton ke dalam pengalaman yang mendalam.. . Pengembangan karakter dalam anime ini patut diacungi jempol. Eren Yeager, Mikasa Ackerman, dan Armin Arlert adalah karakter utama yang mengalami perkembangan ...
Bleach burst onto the scene with its compelling premise and dynamic characters, experiences a notable shift in quality after the exhilarating Soul Society arc. While the series maintains elements of its initial brilliance, the subsequent arcs struggle to recapture the same magic, resulting in a narrative that becomes more average than exceptional.. . The early episodes of Bleach shine brightest during the Soul Society arc. The stakes are high, character development is robust, and the intricate plot twists keep viewers on the edge of their seats. This arc not only establishes the foundation of the series but also showcases the potential for greatness.. . One notable downfall comes in ...
I rarely ever rate anything a true masterpiece, but this anime has earned it. Everything was beautifully written and wrapped up, from start to finish.. . Plot: the plot is simple enough. The main character, a woman named Oscar, was chosen to be Marie Antoinette's personal bodyguard. The problem is that Marie Antoinette and her husband are poorly suited for the job of ruling, and they're spending the people's tax money like crazy. So a revolution is starting to happen. This is the story of the revolution from Oscar's point of view.. . The characters are very well written. Even if I didn't ...
This anime does the manga source material so much justice. The animation, music, and acting (Both JP and ENG) is incredibly well done. The anime stays true to the manga, and really elevates the artistry of the manga 100 times over with this anime.. . The story is introspective and can really get one to think about how fleeting life can be. This anime does comedy, drama, adventure, fantasy, and even romance incredibly well. It also comes with some kick ass magic, and battle scenes. It is truly the whole package.. . This show has so much depth to it. This show is only half way through its ...
"Nothing comes from hatred". . The above mentioned statement is the central theme of this anime and it actually manages to convey it pretty well.. . As someone who has never fully watched Astro boy, I went in with somewhat high expectations since it was a pioneer of anime by Osamu Tezuka so it had a certain heritage to it, which this anime definitely fulfilled I'd say.. . Naoki Urasawa, Hailed as one of the greatest storytellers of this generation and certainly needs no introduction so when this was released obviously people had high expectations and so did I and it did manage to meet every single one of them.. . Story : ...
The boy and the Heron.. . I have been waiting for like 2 years ever since word got out Miyazaki was not retiring.. . I think this is his last movie tho which is super sad as well.. . The boy and the heron (Or how do you live as I liked it more) was a good movie. Other reviews gets into the specific so I’ll get into what I liked and didn’t like. . Likes:. Of course with any Ghibli movie, this has amazing animation and the best animation in a ghibli movie so far.. ...
How Do You Live is without a doubt Hayao Miyazaki at his most self-reflexive, contemplative, and especially inaccessible. Time and time again Miyazaki has created countless imaginative worlds and stories that leave indelible impressions on people and it's extremely bittersweet seeing him in his twilight years coming to terms with whether or not what he's achieved was enough.. . But the ultimate gut punch is watching him learn how to let go of the self-imposed burdens that come with being an artist that people look up to. He knows better than anyone that he can't keep making films forever and there may never be anyone else ...
Although I find the steampunk genre interesting, I haven't had many opportunities to watch or read it. Steampunk anime isn't particularly common either, so I was surprised to find myself liking it.. . The story in Last Exile holds up pretty well, in my opinion. It starts off by immersing you in the world with little explanation and gradually reveals more information as the mystery of the Exile unfolds. While I appreciate this method of world-building through "show, don't tell" rather than exposition, I personally had some difficulty following the story at times, especially when I took breaks between episodes. It sets up a great premise and ...
Goblin Slayer is beautiful and provokes great feelings of nostalgia for anyone who has played old-school MMORPGs. It's not an isekai, but it makes you feel like you're gazing through a mirror into a classic MMO world.. . In a nutshell, it's a pleasing show with fair amounts of, in its setting, realism. Nothing feels overpowered or broken. Everyone in the main crew resembles a level 30 adventurer that has chosen their role at the town a week prior. Character design is great, the environment is great, lore allows for lots of fill-in-the-blanks but still good... it just makes you hope you could be reincarnated there – ...
Despite its bad animation and sound effects, I still enjoyed Berserk's story and characters. The graphic content, including gore, death, and sexual violence, actually looks decent, in my opinion, and it adds to the story and the world of Berserk. The themes of religious fanaticism and the dangers of blindly following faith are prominent in Berserk's story, depicted through the characters' choices of who they deem as their savior. The story does not condemn religion but instead cautions against losing one's sense of reason in the pursuit of salvation. The world of Berserk is bleak and unforgiving, and the characters face unimaginable horrors, but they ...
I felt like this movie is much much darker than your usual Ghibli, showcasing a considerable amount of horror elements and themes. It's dense with metaphors and symbolism while considerably messy with its abundance of surreal imagery and sound.. . Personally I found the departure from his other works and the introspective nature of this film both bold and essential for Miyazaki in his long enduring career. In a lot of ways I kept feeling like Miyazaki was echoing Hideaki Anno and his modus operondi of choosing reality over fantasy/fiction in his works. The Japanese title " How will you live? " is much better ...
"The Aristocrat's Otherworldly Adventure: Serving Gods Who Go Too Far" is an anime that captivates viewers with an intriguing story of nobility and inter-dimensional adventure. The main character, who is thrown into another world with the task of serving gods who sometimes go to extremes, successfully explores themes such as responsibility and power. The animated combat is fluid and eye-pleasing, while the narrative keeps the viewer engaged with just the right dose of mystery. The music enriches the experience, adding the necessary emotional depth. With strong character development and a smartly constructed world, this anime deserves a solid 8/10 rating, making it a must-watch for ...
The low review score here is baffling to me. This series was a riot from start to finish in ways I did not expect and that were refreshing and new for a genre that has been redone to death.. For starters, if you are a fan of gaming as well as anime, then this series has a LOT of in jokes and skits that call back to games like Assassins Creed and Zelda. Which is just fun to see despite not being particularly creative in itself. What was really creative in this show was the use of game mechanics in the show in a way you ...
Now Go Princess Pretty Cure , this is a giant improvement on Past Precure seasons like Doki Doki or Happiness Charge Precure! , the Cures are great , the Princess designs are good too , and the animation is as ever beautiful as the Cures themselves, and the villains are not too bad either, my only problems are thanks to this show low toy sales future Precure seasons got less violent , bummer , so Go! princess Precure is a must watch in my opinion , plus Frozen was the reason this show exists , I also like how this show style is ...
Better than Suite , the cast is great and this was made after the earthquake that killed over 20,000 Japanese people. Toei really hit the nail with shows like Kamen Rider Fourze , and Pirate Sentai Gokaiger , Smlie is about getting to the happy endings in life with many hardships to get to it , the villains are also great with this season , one major downside is this season was about Fairy Tales , and yet there not much fairy tales anything in this season , maybe next time , Smlie Precure is a must watch Precure season , don’t watch the dub ...
Although I still enjoyed the movie, I feel it lost much of the tone of the first season and focused too heavily on action and flashy fights. The thing that made the first season so compelling was the gradual decent into the unknown abyss and the slow understanding of Reg's power. Now he's just pulling new powers of out of his ass left and right and I feel like I'm just watch dragon ball z. Not that I'm not into that kind of thing, I just feel like it's not a fit for the tone of this show. Also, I know Prushka is meant to ...
Why do people want to take this anime seriously so bad? Oh right, its the anime community.. . Anyway, Zom 100 is like if Shaun of the Dead was produced by a bunch of overworked and underpaid artists that critique Japan's harsh work environments for all of us to see! You can tell that they were having a bit of fun making this, so why do you have to be such a party pooper and shit on people's fun?. . Momento mori is the embodiment of this show. Death is inevitable, the whole world is collapsing, why add more stress onto your plate when you have the chance to ...
Let me say, I think this was WAY better than the movie I had just watched a couple days ago. Still gorey as ever and full of hardship but the story felt way more meaningful and better written. I probably shouldn't have watched it so fast as I may forget it too fast but I enjoyed it. If you have made it past the movie and the first season this isn't anything you can't handle. Very few animes have affected me on such a broad range of emotions from disgust to curiorsity to sadness to even joy. Quite a rollercoaster of emotions I do say ...
First 12 episodes are peak fiction, despite Light making some stupid mistakes that were a bit irritating. Until the first the half the show is pretty consistent and good in the quality department. The second half (/second story) is lower in quality but it had great it's moments. If the second half was alone, death note would be pretty mixed, but overall the more experimenting and reckless way of the second half completes the series in a perfect way.. Everyone who wants to see a battle of wits between to geniuses should watch this. Art style is fine. Characters are good.
This donghua is an adaptation of a novel, and has a manhua adaptation as well. While I have not read the novel, I did a quick skim of the manhua adaptation to get a feel of the story. I will make some comments on what I felt were the most obvious changes in the donghua adaptation.. . Plot Summary: Ren XiaoXu, our MC, is a refugee class person, living outside the walled enclaves in a post-apocalyptic dystopian society. The harsh lives that he and his brother lead causes him to strive to enter the city as an actual citizen. Toward this goal, he works hard to earn ...
There is discontent among the people under a police state--rebels protest against the authoritarian regime, and risk-laden steps are taken to attempt to sow chaos and spread unrest. Among the rebels are those who are more organized and more prepared than the average citizen who has been riled up, but the state is not without its own measures: a special unit is dispatched to rout a terrorist operation underway underground while the flames of a revolt are being doused on the streets above. One member of this elite squad encounters one of the rebels - a young girl, her eyes wide in fear - and ...
It may be confusing at first, but it's clear as water that the sole purpose of Vivy was to make humans happy. I would like to add this: the anime made me realize the future really is messed up. The interesting concept and good animation made the anime appealing to some people, but the story appealed to me the most. I mean, after all, it showed us that becoming too dependent on AIs is actually not evolution; rather, it means to make one vulnerable and underdeveloped. Vivy, despite being an AI, understood what it means to really live and showed more human behavior than humans. ...
Muriel Rukeyser said that the universe is made of stories and not atoms, and as stories are made of words we can conclude that ultimately the universe is made of words. And with this in mind the anime I am going to review below gives us a beautiful love song to words and how they allow us to connect with others and the world around us.. . Fune wo Amu or as it was titled in English, The Great Passage is an 11-episode anime based on the light novel written by Shion Miura, premiered during the fall 2016 season in the NoitaminA block. It was animated ...
I've been burnt out on zombies for a long time but decided to go into this one blind. Instead of the typical doom and gloom survival story, our protagonist is stoked on the zombie apocalypse because he can finally do the things he wants in life. I haven't seen as refreshing a take on the tired old zombie trope since Shaun of the Dead. Which is why I can't help but roll my eyes at the edgy people who are actually DISAPPOINTED it's too light-hearted. That's what sets it apart! Can we admit we're all desensitized to seeing blood anyway? The colorful blood splatters are ...
The storyline of Link Click is a rollercoaster of suspense and discovery. As the protagonist tries to decide whether to do the morally right thing and risk losing everything or not do anything and let the lives in front of him get wrecked, the audience is taken on a rollercoaster ride filled with unexpected twists and turns. The first ep gets u hooked on the anime and leaves u wanting more. It is without a doubt the best suspense anime i have ever watched.. . Visually, Link Click is a feast for the eyes. The animation is smooth and vibrant, and the characters are well designed. i ...
When I first watched the money of soul, it was maybe a 5/10. However, I'm here to tell you: I WAS WRONG. . Ever since studying economics at a high level, I realized this show is actually fucking deep, in a way 95% of the audience will never understand.. . The debate over weather to prioritize the present of the future has never been more alive, and this anime captures that brilliantly.. . All that being said, I don't think this anime is for everyone, and it even dragged on a bit for me at the beginning. But regardless I think this anime covers some breathtakingly complex issues in a very ...
I like it because "Eiyuuou, Bu wo Kiwameru Tame Tenseisu," or "Reborn to Master the Blade: From Hero-King to Extraordinary Squire♀,". This anime manages to present a fresh isekai narrative by examining a story of heroics and hard training. The high-quality animation accentuates the epic battles, and the detailed character designs reinforce the visceral feel of the story. The reincarnated main character offers emotional depth and realistic struggles in reaching the pinnacle of knighthood. Intelligent dialog and mature character development keep the series engaging from start to finish. This is a must-watch for fans of the isekai genre or stories about the journey to greatness.
I thoroughly enjoyed this 2 part show. Yes it's short and yes there isn't much to the show but despite this, its still really enjoyable. There isn't too much to say about the show if i'm going to be honest but i'll give it a go.. . Animation wise it really rather strong. Despite not much happening, the animation assists the comedy well. I would go as far to say that without the strength in animation, it wouldn't be anywhere near as funny. The character design is pretty standard for the time and there aren't many characters to focus on. Then ...
This is a great film. One that keeps you engaged throughout. It has everyone you need for a good solid film. Its not perfect by any means but looks, sounds and is worth your time.. . Firstly the animation is lovely. I'm a sucker for 90s animation so maybe I am a little biased here, but nevertheless, it's stunning. The characters all look great and you can tell significant attention was paid to all of them. In scenes with many characters, even thr characters in the background have been realistically animation, not just the ones in the forefront. No more is this on display that the opening ...
A young child's parents have died and he is left by his lonesome at the helm of his estate, unable to afford the servants that had previously aided his household, and so he is left alone--that is, until a young maid arrives to attend to him.. . At face value this is a slice-of-life romantic comedy that is a one-trick pony: it sets up intimate moments between this young, well-endowed, exotic maid and the juvenile master of the estate that would leave your run-of-the-mill main characters flustered or bloody-nosed at the sheer suggestive nature of the rapport. This show turns this concept on its head by having ...
Episode three "Cannon Fodder" takes us into a dystopian world set in an artillery city. We are urged to think about what would make an artillery city possible. For such a thing to exist it presupposes the existence of a constant external threat. The generalized Other must be reduced to an inexhaustible enemy, the coordinates of an ever-changing hostile position, a target. Lets say this makes up the artillery part. What makes it a "city"? It is the identification of a common purpose, the demarcation of an interior and an exterior, us and them. It is no wonder that the protestors' signs spell 'stop' 'poison' ...
Even though the graphic impression is the same as Fairy Tale, I don't like the comedy... the background story itself is very exciting and I like it. and even though I already got the information "who is Shiki?" from season one... I keep watching because I want to know, why is Ziggy different like that? So the puzzle pieces to "who is Shiki?" still not resolved. . Note for weebs who haven't watched it yet:. you don't like it? which means it's not for your taste, where is there an anime that continues to follow your taste? Can you really pay animators of your own accord?. . It's okay to ...
Akudama Drive is an interesting but hectic show that weaves a Judge Dredd like story and setting around criminals and executioners. Its short run time does make it feel rushed and underdeveloped at times, but is still ultimately an enjoyable ride.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 9/10. -----------------------------------------------. . It's flashy and it's gory. Quite the spectacle to say the very least. It's hard to find much fault with the visuals. Art is nice and clean, designs of the characters are on point.. . . Sound / Music / Voice Acting - 8/10. ...
The Boy in the Heron is, as I've said to several people now, a great experience and a weird story. It's a double edged sword. Its beautiful art and music and imaginative world building end up creating something that makes you feel wonder and excitement constantly, but it also ends up leading to it feeling like a confused loosely strung together experience at many times. It's a very good movie, but it doesn't even come close to touching Ghibli's greatest handful of masterpieces. It's still better than Howl's Moving Castle though. Fuck you Howl's Moving Castle stans. You know who you are.
I've really never seen it done better, it's easy to get sucked in, so just give this show your time and let it take you on a journey!. . The way the music and action flow together is awesome, even better when re-watching to get the little nuances. The humor is tasteful and approachable, the art style is beautiful, the story is emotionally elevating. I've never been a source-material guy, but this show will probably change that.. . If you like action, it's worth the build-up. Don't expect drawn-out fights like most Shounen, every bit of the action is fantastic but it's quick and brutal.
Basically this spin-off movie is as good as a 90 minute Cowboy Bebop episode, ie very good. You don't need to have seen the series beforehand, but as the show is so good and introduces each character you might as well. The film is set around episode 20.. . Better than the show?. . Between 1998's CB series and 2001's CB movie the animation has taken two leaps forward: in terms of motion where the fights flow like ballet (how do they make conflict so elegant?) and in terms of composition the parallels and perpendicular lines in the background are composed with the care of a Kubrick.. . In a few ...
Berserk: The Golden Age Arc - Memorial Edition retells the original trio of movies, showcasing the rise, fall, and rebirth of Guts, Griffith, and the Band of the Hawk. Witnessing Guts transform into the Hundred Man Slayer, and later The Struggler was a delightful experience as always. It reminded me why Berserk is considered one of the finest dark fantasy works available.. . I saw the three movies and the series long ago, and it's a good thing I forgot many important scenes. I enjoyed watching this. It was a good refresher. It looks like new scenes were added here and there. This movie was also visually ...
I went into this anime with high hopes.. . This is the first ever anime I went with high hopes as I always, ALWAYS keep zero expectations.. The difference this time is not because of its score, rank, or who directed it. It is because of Rakugo. Believe it or not, I knew Rakugo through this Canadian guy who has done English rakugo and he killed it!. . So I went into this with somewhat expectations, and I am happy to say it absolutely delivered!!. . First off, Rakugo is not a topic that people can make many episodes on. For most, it is quite boring and depending on the Rakugo ...
This lengthy special episode, spanning almost an hour, is dedicated to the introduction of a new character who takes center stage: the eccentric Ryusui. I must say, all the fanservice dedicated to this man, who desires everything in the world, didn't displease me at all. We get a nice couple of minutes with Ryusui walking around naked, flaunting his chiseled muscular chest and monologuing about how the world is once again his, until Minami decides to ruin the moment by offering him pirate clothes 😆.. . In my humble opinion, however, the real star of this episode was Gen, who earned another million points from me. Together ...
I'm suprised this hasn't been reviewed yet. I've been binge watching chinese animes and this is one of the top series I've watched! It's got good plot and a conclusive ending. They could make a season 2 and explain in more depth the workings of the world but I think it's already a good place to end without much of a cliffhanger. The animation is also a bit better than the average chinese anime but not as good as King's Avatar or a few other ones but it's good enough that it doesn't effect the viewing experience. The characters are also pretty good and each ...
In my 1st anime review here, I wanted to say why this is one of my favorite anime. Specifically, I really like how this combines beautiful and emotional characters, which are at times childish and cheesy but in a well-written way, with an important political message. I think most people leaving a bad or mixed review expect a political chess game between characters seeking power, with an intriguing plot, suspenseful battles and realistic politics. While the plot isn't as dense and complex as other Gundam, I think this is much more meaningful politically and has deeper, more interesting characters.. . Suletta is sometimes blamed for stuttering, for ...
I just created this MAL account just for this review. So here are my takeaways:. . - OP was hella addicting and all OST's were top notch.. - Story itself was good and the romance was 10/10. Leads too much chemistry. I'm really invested with the story that i have to finish it in one seating since the story is not the "TYPICAL" romance we are seeing in most animes. I felt like it was a sort of k-drama in the anime setting.. - The animation was really captivating tho still need some improvement. I've watch many anime's mostly produced in Japan, but this one is kind of ...
Very good show with an interesting premise. It is not often that I root for the characters but I did in this case. All of the main characters had interesting qualities which made the story more interesting. All of the characters had their own qualities and quirks which made them more interesting. The worldbuilding itself was also interesting with some unusual twists and not the standard fantasy world. It included creatures you would not expect from the standard fantasy. Overall the show makes very few mistakes and therefore has a direct storyline. The animation style was fairly standard for anime shows.
In my opinion, this anime is severely underrated. Personally, I think it’s a hidden gem of this season. . The premise is nothing new: a “villainess” gets reincarnated with knowledge of the future and strives to avert her unfortunate fate. However, this is where this title does things a bit differently. Mia - the princess in question - just goes back through time with her memories intact. And that means that she’s still the same person inside. She’s still selfish, arrogant and bratty, but her past experiences taught her at least some humility and warned her about the problems she was oblivious to.. . So there’s the first ...
Although it isn't, I could argue that this is one of the greatest isekai ever.It's similar to witnessing our long-forgotten childhood fantasies or dreams that were never supposed to come true. However, this anime is our fantasy; trust me, it's a crazy anime. The anime is entertaining, and the main character, who is edgy and hilariously crazy, makes it worthwhile to watch. It reigns supreme among degenerates. It is arguable that it is not worthwhile but , if you are fan of bad isekai or want to enjoy a anime wholeherartedly You should definitely watch it if you enjoy unusual isekai.In general, it's worth seeing.
Xiuluo Wu Shen: A Badass Journey with Stunning Visuals. Xiuluo Wu Shen (Martial God Asura) is a Chinese donghua that takes viewers on an epic adventure filled with stunning visuals, exciting battles, and a badass protagonist. The story follows Chu Feng, a young man who awakens a powerful lightning beast and embarks on a journey to become the strongest martial artist in the world.. . Here's what makes Xiuluo Wu Shen a standout among donghua:. . Badass Protagonist: Chu Feng is a refreshingly different protagonist. He's not your typical goody-two-shoes hero. He's arrogant, ruthless, and doesn't hesitate to take down anyone who stands in his way. This "sigma male" attitude ...
I'm going to be clear, I was watching The Rising of the Shield Hero only to see Naofumi's revenge, that's where my mistake was.. I even think that the mistreatment of the kingdom to Naofumi was only a stage and that the main plot is the reconciliation of the heroes to counter the main antagonist who has not yet been mentioned until now, ah there is the bitch but to tell the truth the anime goes after her to show that she is bad but I had already understood that since season 1.. . Everything is not to be thrown away there are many characters, many secondary characters ...
TAKE NOTE: Do not judge this OVA with just the 1st episode. You might miss the most crucial part of it and it's even the crucial story for the 1st season. If you found Zeno a mystery dragon among the rest of the dragons, might as well finish the OVA until the 3rd episode.. . It is just a shame that we never get to have Zeno's backstory from the 1st season. His backstory is the most important one among the dragons. I should have given this a 10 but what disappointed me is that there's a part of the manga that was left out. How I ...
machikado mazoku (the demon girl next door) is honestly such a fun, calm, and relaxing watch. it's probably one of my favorite underrated animes ever. there are no real flaws with the show, the art is nice, the music and VA are good, and the plot isn't complicated af nor is it all over the place. definitely a diamond in the rough type of show.. . the show mainly focuses on the dynamic between the two main characters: shamiko and momo. thankfully, shamiko and momo are both extremely likeable characters and are easy to watch. the only real downside of this show is that it might ...
Rurouni Kenshin: Tsuioku-hen stands as an undisputed masterpiece in the anime world, offering a spellbinding narrative that transcends the boundaries of the samurai genre. This four-episode OVA, also known as "Samurai X: Trust and Betrayal," is a stunning testament to the power of storytelling, character depth, and visual excellence, making it a must-watch for anime enthusiasts and fans of Rurouni Kenshin alike.. . At the heart of Tsuioku-hen's brilliance is its masterful storytelling. The narrative unfolds with a poetic elegance, expertly tracing the origins of Kenshin Himura and the events that shaped him into the iconic and enigmatic swordsman fans know and love. The storytelling is not ...
Full Metal Alchemist, the original anime adaptation of Hiromu Arakawa's masterpiece, stands as an unparalleled testament to the power of storytelling and character development. While Brotherhood may have garnered its share of praise, it is the first adaptation that truly captures the essence and emotional depth of Arakawa's original vision.. . Where Full Metal Alchemist Brotherhood rushes through the narrative, the original anime takes a more deliberate and measured approach. The pacing allows for a nuanced exploration of the characters' backgrounds, motivations, and relationships, creating a more immersive and emotionally resonant experience. The slow burn of the narrative in the original series allows viewers to savor each ...
I knew going into this anime I would like it given that it's supernatural, historical, and based on stories. I was surprised how much I really truly enjoyed it. The characters were easy to like and easy to root for. The narrative had some comedy interspersed to break up the drama, and the ending was tonally sound. I found that it elicited emotional responses from me that a lot of anime hasn't lately. I devoured this in a few nights simply because I had to know what happened next, I was always eager to see more of it. I'm definitely hoping we will get more ...
Just a day to day, in the life of the last humans on earth.. . The best kind of media, is one that talks about a LOT. Messages about the impending doom on earth, friendship, having fun, taking risks, enjoying a nice sunset, or hell, a nice cookie. “Girls' Last Tour” is one of my new favorites.. . Can't state enough how much this pair of bubbly idiots inspire me in terms of storytelling. It's just two, very different girls, talking about life, about food, and asking questions which can challenge everybody's mind. “Why are we living?”, “Is there a point to keep moving?”. What is life? A ...
Rating a series or movie where I feel a strong connection to the lead character is unusually difficult. Depending on how that character is represented, those feelings can skew far in either direction. And yes, Rei Kiriyama is rather similar to me in a number of ways, mainly in his personality. I've never played shogi and I'm only passable at chess, but the kind of social isolation and hunger for inclusion that he feels is something I very strongly associate with, as they characterized a number of my formative years. So, while I am tempted to just make this a review of his character, I'll ...
This season is where the actual development of character starts happening. Ngl when I first started watching this show, I didn't think it would be this good. First few episodes felt cringe as it would've to any normal person. First 2 seasons had cringe moments yes, but I think we understand that somewhere during our own teenage life, even college life, we have all done cringe things, so I totally didn't mind.. . Season 3 is where the character development really started, and so did the story development. This season actually starts building on Mizuhara and Kazuya's relationship with a very good plot imo. The cringe ...
In all honesty, I can not understand why people will hurt such a great anime on purpose.. . I think that some things could have been better, but it doesn't mean it deserved at 5 mark. Please guys, minimum a seven.. . Art and sound are good. Animation also on point.. . The new characters add depth to the story. I believe that we two or 3 more episodes the story could have been showed better.. . The story was great. I enjoyed the show and the outrigger song is so good.. . ...
I’ll leave a review while I’m preliminary right now into the adaption, and once I finish, I’ll make a section where I critique when I’m finished watching the series when it’s done airing as well. I’ll try to leave a review without bias and as informational as possible!. . Preliminary review: I’ve been keeping up with Tian Guan Cifu since the manhua has started being translated, so I’ve been a fan for many years of this series. It was my first real dip into Chinese BL, as well as Chinese manhua to begin with, it’s very much been my favorite since. I haven’t had a chance ...
The visual aspect of Dr. Stone: Stone Wars is truly impressive, enhanced by an excellent starting point. While I haven't read the manga yet, a bit of googling reveals that Boichi's drawings are simply wonderful – incredibly detailed with expressive and vivid faces.. . However, the real strength of this series lies in the incredible effectiveness with which the boundless love for science of the charismatic protagonist, Senku, is conveyed. Using science, Senku aims to awaken all those who have been petrified and bring technological levels back to pre-cataclysm times. On the other hand, Tsukasa sees science as a threat, especially considering the disasters caused by rulers ...
What a fantastic piece of media. Complimented with beautiful scenery, adorable, blissful and happy moments accompanied by fitting musiic. . I can't stop thinking about the characters. How a writer can make every single character likeable in a reasonable sense? The character development is phenomenal. Nakami starts out as a pretty grim character, but after each passing episode he'll start shining more and more. Isaki has an incredible personality from the start and has the courage to really differentiate this romance to other romances. The laughs Isaki and Nakami shares is hard to beat, moments of them just cuddling, talking and being supportive to eachother. No bullshitting ...
Took me a long time to review this season. It's my favorite and the only one I actually think it's at least good to some degree. Well, let's delve into this review. This is originally from my Twitter reply to someone asking for a review. It's FOR ME an 8/10, but being honest and not doing value judgint, I thint 7/10 would be fair.. . Although rushed (as all Orphen season by Deen), this one is less rushed than usual, not due to better writing and adapting but simply because the source material of this arc has less pages. Animation improved quite significantly, Considering the ...
Its sad to see that people actually dont like this anime. I like stories that are crazy and unpredictable. I feel like all the other romance anime ive watched have all been so boring and predictable. Dont get me wrong, there are still many other romance anime out there that I love along with Masamune kun no revenge, but to me this one is special. Another romance anime that I really loved was ao haru ride and I feel like Masamune kun no revenge has got to be in my top 10 list of my favourite romance anime. And the ending? Simply perfect! All I ...
This anime is insanly good made.It gives goosebumps out of nowhere and hooks instantly.The main character is very relatable.He is numb the whole time, but you can slowly see how and why it is like that.His whole personality is mysterious, but throughout the story, people find out more about him and his past.So on people understand more of how he is build and why his life is so in shatters.But its not only him, its the whole group.First they are all very confused about the whole situation, but shortly the find themselves actually liking the "connection" between them.The feeling of not being alone anymore and ...
The premise of this anime is excellent, and if I were reviewing it on premise alone, I would give it a full 10/10. Basically the series follows the main character, an elf whose lifespan is measured in hundreds of years, after the completion of an epic, D&D-esque adventure with three others. It's refreshing to see a show make explicit that the "action" parts are, for the most part, in the past, and what the subject matter will be is reflection and introspection, and the continuation of growth and the attainment of wisdom as seen through the eyes of someone who has already lived ...
One of the best stories of dark fantasy.. . The anime have a regular animation that aged badly, only two memorable songs, have fillers, cut a lot of content and doesn't finish a single story arch from the two started.. . It's a unique story, set in the middle Ages, have realistic and emotionally strong situations and the best villain character development.. . Recommend skip the first episode because it's a filler, have plot spoilers and doesn't collaborate with the story.. . For those who like middle Ages set-ups, character development and wars will love this.. . All of that and still the best Berserk adaptation.
Hanma Baki: Son of Ogre 2nd Season is the culmination of the Baki series, the ultimate masculine power fantasy wrapped in a fever dream of excess and ridiculousness.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 9/10. -----------------------------------------------. . A lot of people might point out at the animations of Baki aren't that impressive, as they're often using a lot of still shots instead of constant fluid motion. But to me, this style adds value, not takes it away. Attacks feel weighty and the extreme muscularity and over the top expressions of the characters make for a great spectacle.. . The style of Baki is what I like the most. The male ...
ok, so basically, a guy and his sister (who are cracked as fuck at games), get transported into a world where everything is determined by games. they're cracked asf at games so naturally they dominate this new world. that's it. it's kinda fan service-y, especially with stella but it didn't really hinder any enjoyment. some might find the dynamic between sora (the guy) and shiro (his sister) weird, but it isn't to be concerned of, it's like a running joke throughout the show (it's not incest or anything close to that if that's what you wanted to hear). aesthetic wise, it's a visually stunning show, ...
at first, the change in art style was extremely hard to get used to. i'm ngl, i almost stopped watching entirely because i felt the whole DxD series was now ruined.. . I was wrong.. . both the original and new art styles have their charms. you would be extremely stupid to drop one of the best ecchi series in all of anime for something as trivial as art style. ok, well, if the art style was god awful then I understand, but DxD hero's art is NOWHERE near terrible-it's just a change. changes just take time to get used to. if you need reassurance, by the 3rd ...
ngl, I forgot what this show was about lol. What I do remember is the plot is pretty unimportant to the enjoyment of the show. If you're on the hunt for another harem show, with the typical "doesn't take shit from anyone" MC (if I remember correctly) and typical tropes for the female characters, then you've found the right show. Look, you and me both know, you didn't just randomly stumble upon this show. You probably searched up "good harem shows to watch". If that's the case, this show will most likely satisfy any of those "harem cravings" you get after watching bigger harem shows ...
I highly recommend ignoring reviews that give this series a six or lower. It has been rated highly because it deserves its rating. Good Josei's are rare nowadays, which is why it's being praised. I feel like people are not taking this into account. On to the review!. . Kusuriya no Hitorigoto is about 17 year old Mao-Mao. an apothecary that gets sold off to the inner palace. The series is episodic and focuses on medical or murder mysteries that need solving. Every episode is animated beautifully and the series does it's best to keep the environment historically accurate.. . As Mao-Mao helps people you will learn more about ...
"Tokyo Godfathers" directed by Satoshi Kon is a beautiful and heartwarming spectacle. It doesn't pretend to reinvent the wheel when it comes to a traditional Christmas-stylized movies. Instead, it perfects the already well-known existing elements, and enriches it with other ones. They are implemented in a subtle, yet visible way, making the whole movie not only extremely solid in its own genre, but also original in its own way. All of that, mixed with its brilliant direction (as expected from Satoshi Kon), solid scenario, beautiful art and animation, variety of themes and balance between comedy and drama, makes "Tokyo Godfathers" even more entertaining to watch.. . Its ...
Wu Shan Wu Xing: Xichuan Huan Zi Lin does a good job of wrapping up the loose ends of the episodes 4,5 and 6, which brings this story together in the 7th episode, leaving the audience fulfilled with this 2-hour ride, and giving us some nice cliffhangers to lead us into the final chapter(s). With a passionate push to polish this into a beautiful gem in the end, I believe we will be in for a hell of a ride the next time we get reintroduced to Fog Hill. This season does have some problems, like a juggling act with its story, but ...
I would recommend watching this 3 episode OVA! I went in with no knowledge of the franchise and had a good time! The art was nice, the characters were fun, and the story was short and sweet! It strikes that nice balance of seriousness and comedy that I am always a fan of with anime (such as Hokuto no Ken or Trigun).. . I had an overall good time, and have very few negatives to say. The main reason I gave it an Very Good (8) rather than a perfect 10/10 was for two reasons. The first and main reason I docked points was because although ...
Undead Murder Farce is a detective mystery taking place in a historical Europe setting with some light action. The biggest pull is the amalgamation of mythological and real characters featured in the story, such as Sherlock Holmes, Arsene Lupin, Aleister Crowley, to some wild cards like Frankenstein and The Phantom of the Opera.. . The setting creates an exciting watch and our main cast are equally fun to follow. A headless, immortal woman, her ass kicking maid, and a half-human, half-oni recruited from a Japanese circus are as colorful of a line up as it sounds. They have a lot of banter between major story beats that ...
The story is better than Kill la Kill and Vinland Saga.. You ever eat a burger in the shower. Its like that.. You ever drink a cool coca cola in the summer heat. Its like that.. This fills me with all the whimsy my childhood once held during Christmas time.. . Title: "Present made no Michinori" - A Cinematic Journey Redefining Life. . "Present made no Michinori" is a masterful exploration of the human experience that transcends the boundaries of conventional cinema. Directed by visionary filmmaker Aiko Tanaka, this life-altering movie takes audiences on a profound journey through time, space, and the intricacies of the human soul.. . The film begins with a deceptively ...
First season is pretty great, fantastic even. . Season 2 isnt AS good as season 1 but it has some nice elements and is still good enough, especially because of the new villains. . Season 3 is alright, it feels rushed but that's propably because of the low viewership at this point, it has some nice elements but its my least favorite one but its also the shortest. . Fights are great, they feel closer to kaiju battles with the Monsuno's large sizes rather than Pokemon battles. . The only bad part is that the animation sometimes feels like it's budget isnt too high but the fights have very cool attacks. . There are only ...
Look, there's about a million ways I could talk about why this show is excellent. It's a masterpiece, the animation, plot, action, characters, themes, choreography, music, voice acting, humor, everything is fantastic. BUT. There is one commonly held view about this show I don't understand in the slightest. It's the notion that Shinji is nothing but a whiny, spineless cretin.. . Yes, some of his most memorable moments are the ones where he's freaking out, screaming, crying, and moping. But have any of you actually watched the show...??? That is not at all his entire personality, he understandably does that usually in response to experiencing highly traumatic ...
Karate Master: The Hunt for the Lost Classic. The Missing Link of Battle Shonen. . Remember the ancient days of early MAL? It was mostly just some European guys acting snobby and dunking on Americans for having not seen all these “essential classics” that got widely released in Europe, but not in the US. We Americans had honestly never heard of Galactic Heroes, Rose of Versailles, Ashita no Joe, and a lot of beloved anime of the 1970s and 80s. We got so thoroughly embarrassed that it helped kickstart the trend of toxic elitism that was the scourge of the online anime community for several years. Of ...
tl;dr: A solid continuation that sticks to it’s strengths while keeping things interesting.. . The second season of Isekai Maou is largely the same as it’s predecessor, though it changes things up enough to keep things fresh. The essence is still very much Diablo being genuinely overpowered but being way out of his depth in the Demon Lord roleplay he has going on, and also a constant barrage of ecchi. However, unlike the first season which took place solely in Faltra City, this season is about a journey that takes them far and wide, mainly to a desert city near Diablo’s dungeon as well as the capital ...
This is the one that everyone must watch. Grandma elf and moma Fern is an interesting combination to see.. Its feels really fresh and exciting, it delivers you the feeling of fun, relaxing, funny, but at the same time it reminds us how painful life can be, especially if you are an elf that bassically has the same age as a dinosaur fossil.. . I like how the story is on the comfortable phase and still gave us the excitement on each episode. The conflict and the concept of the story will take us into curiosity where we say "oh yeah thats good but come on ...
Unique. Comforting. Satisfying.. . As I have grown into my 30's I've found myself looking at less and less anime, venturing even more into the current trending show on demand or in your favorite money-consuming streaming service due to my favorite concept of the year: FOMO, or fear of missing out.. . So you could imagine my surprise when all of a sudden I started this show about a short king and a tall beauty and found myself rooting for the success of his relationship chapter after chapter, enjoying the introspection of this boy that all of a sudden realizes that the whirlwind of emotions inside of him ...
Battle Girls Time Paradox is pretty good the characters, animation and comedy are good also so overall it has a solid chance of being among some of the best underrated anime we have.. . Plot and storytelling are like any other isekai except the OP MC being in a harem of either slaves, rivals and random chicks but trying to rule a country/town. 7/10. . Characters are the best of the show, especially the MC, now isekai protagonists are literally the worst characters in their show that whenever someone wants them or loves them they also become shitty characters but mainly these protagonists are the average looking man or ...
This was an improvement over season 1. Full Metal Panic's unique sense of humor remains in The Second Raid but has been reworked. The season has fewer episodes, so there is less time for Sousuke's funny behavior and Kaname's reactions. While there is an episode dedicated to this to remind viewers of the show's style, it is less frequent later on and usually happens alongside more serious events. The show now focuses more on the war-drama element, with a more complex plot and a significant increase in violence. However, the show never forgets its comedic side. The first season didn't really impress me, so it's ...
Attack on Titan Season Three, Part Two: This is where I finally felt like I was back in the first season—what an outstanding job Isayama, the animators, and the directors of this third season, second part, have delivered. The farewell to Wit Studio plays a beautiful role in this exceptional anime.. . Isayama demonstrates complete effectiveness in creating an intense battle, with plot intricacies, mysteries, fights, strategy, and emotions all on full display in his writing prowess. In this section, Isayama proves to be a genius, with every scene and episode showcasing the writer's complete mastery. Tension and movement go hand in hand in a single arc, ...
In the third season's first part of Attack on Titan, Isayama delves into the world's power dynamics and politics, marking my initial disappointment with the work. However, this doesn't overly concern me. Every anime benefits from a political narrative, especially when the government is introduced. What intrigues me about this portion scripted by Isayama is that the strength of his work lies in its impactful and unexpected nature, particularly in its mystery. Despite this, he struggles to develop a political storyline that surpasses some less intricately written shounen anime. While Isayama handles the third season's first part competently, it appears that political intrigue is not ...
The second season of Shingeki No Kyojin (Attack on Titan), penned by Isayama, impeccably illustrates how to craft impactful villains within their respective narrative landscapes—a concoction of unpredictability and masterful plot twists. Attack On Titan embarks on its second season by deftly constructing the overarching plot with mastery. Although a relatively brief season, it leaves an indelible mark on the anime, contributing to its overall complexity.. . This season demonstrates Isayama's versatility in addressing themes such as love, emotion, betrayal, and character evolution with finesse. While maintaining the same level of quality as its predecessor, it delivers a satisfying resolution to the presented mysteries, though not as ...
Attack on Titan is the most intricate and well-crafted piece I have ever come across. Its first season serves as a blueprint for creating a complex, meticulously planned series. Upon revisiting the work and exploring Isayama's progression from his initial endeavor, it becomes evident that this is the path an author should take to evolve, encompassing not only the artistic elements but the entire narrative.. . Upon reviewing the first season, I unequivocally label it as PEAK FICTION. The enigma surrounding the titans, the impactful scenes, the protagonist's decisions, foreshadowing – everything is executed with precision. Attack on Titan commands respect as a work brimming with immense ...
As far as I’m aware, Tsurikichi Sanpei is the first anime about fishing. In fact, other than a small handful of titles, there aren’t that many anime solely about fishing. We recently had Houkago Teibou Nisshi back in 2020, and in 1997 there was Super Fishing Grander Musashi, both of which featured fishing as the main focus. But I struggle to name more besides those and a few others. Perhaps it’s the slow and monotonous nature of fishing that is hard to translate into entertainment—something I assumed before getting into Sanpei. I couldn’t have been more incorrect. So how does Tsurikichi Sanpei make fishing entertaining? ...
80's cyberpunk aesthetics, violence, hunky men, hot babe, token androgynous glam-rocker, cyborgs, centrifugally stabilized space scrapers, a suicide squad plot and lots of gritty looking animation with tons of flashing highlights as sweet rides drive down the neon lit roads of the future. What's not to like?. . Well, as nostalgic as I am for the 80's and 90's action flicks, it's a slow pace. While it's appreciable for the action to take its time to impart a sense of weight and risk to the main characters, it can feel sluggish to watch at other times.. . It's not Akira (let's be honest, pretty much nothing is) but the ...
Sousou no Frieren is a recommended anime for those who enjoy thoughtful storytelling, complex characters, and beautiful animation. It offers a unique perspective on the fantasy genre, focusing on the emotional impact of time and mortality rather than action-packed battles.. . Story: The anime explores complex themes of life, death, and the passage of time through Frieren's journey. Her vast lifespan allows the audience to experience the world through a different lens and contemplate the fleeting nature of human existence.. . Characters: Frieren undergoes significant growth throughout the series, learning to navigate the human world and connect with others despite her long lifespan. The supporting characters are also ...
Frieren is a title that caused me emotions just by describing the plot, I had high expectations and I was not disappointed.. Frieren easily jumped into my top 5 anime.. This "review" is not a review, just my thoughts and feelings after watching this anime, I hope that my admiration for this anime will convince someone to watch this title.. . -Let me start by praising the execution, the animation is great, detailed backgrounds and a great soundtrack, one that reminded me of The Witcher 3.. . -I've always been most excited about anime that involve a lot of fighting, and Frieren made me feel hyped for ...
Anime that will get you hooked from the very first episode.. Before the anime was announced I had read my first 3 chapters of light novel. Then dropped it because I don't read light novels.. But just to see what is popular nowadays. And then the announcement came, "Haha I knew they would make anime from this 🤣". Opened Discord and wrote to my friends "I won this bet 👍".. What is good about this anime:. I loved peacing from the start, not slow nor fast.. The action scenes are looking nice and are quite engaging.. The art and animation style is quite good and enjoyable.. It's not the "Let's not ...
To start this review I really recommend this anime for everyone that never watched any Chinese animation before.. I feel like this could be a good start for everyone. Except for me haha, the only Chinese anime I watched was Ani ni Tsukeru Kusuri wa Nai!. I started watching Da Wang Rao Ming after I watched the opening and then It came... "Didn't I read some chapters from Manhua?". Then I get slightly excited... "Wait weren't there dungeons appearing in the city?". More excited... "Solo levelling is not complete yet let's see the first anime with that trope". After that, I realized that I should not be expecting much because ...
Look, as someone who is very often bored with the generic fantasy setting of many questing and isekai shows, this one has blown me away. Sousou no Frieren takes a unique spin on the genre by really diving in to the implications of being immortal, and how that affects not only ones view on the world, but on the way you form connections with people, and handle their mortality. The story moves at a slow pace, focusing on the development of the titular character, bouncing between her past and present, but it always feels meaningful, and the time you spend in flashbacks really feels important ...
This show is superb, SUPERB. I came into this watching season 2 straight after season 1. I was coming into this season on a MASSIVE high. Season one if one of the best anime have ever seen. Season 2 did a great job at maintaining my love for the show. The animation is very much aligned to my taste. I still think Demon Slayer is the greatest feet in TV Show animation. I say TV specifically because i haven't seen enough movies to make this claim for all anime forms. This show however is my favourite. ...
Simplesmente INCRÍVEL!. Eu estava precisando assistir um anime de romance fofo e me deparei com esse! É um anime extremamente cauteloso: apresenta bem os personagens, traz sentimentos à obra e tem um traço lindo! Há muitas lições de moral que acalentam o coração e fazem você ver o mundo de um jeito mais doce!. . Protagonista determinada e tem posteriormente uma grande construção de personagem, assim como os outros também! O casal é apaixonante!. Um anime bem calmo e tranquilo, ótimo para se ver! Vejam! É uma obra impressionante!. . Skip and Loafer tem a premissa de fazer os mínimos detalhes sobre a vida e as relações interpessoais serem relevantes, e ...
Pada awal cerita disuguhkan dengan adegan yang kurang, di 3 episode pertama memang tidak terlalu berkesan ceritanya, tapi mohon bersabar.. . Episode selanjutnya sangat menyenangkan, ada tipe gadis tsundere ( ouka ), ada tipe tsundere yang lainnya juga ( riho ). Jangan terpaku dengan rating dari anime ini, menurut saya ini anime harem terbaik. Jujur saya sangat menantikan musim kedua dari anime ini pada tahun depan.. . Dari segi opening menyajikan musik yang bagus dan saya menyukai gaya animasi dari anime ini. Dari kelima gadis, yang paling kusukai adalah shiragiku karena tipe yang manis seperti hinata.. . Sekian review dari saya, menurutku ini anime yang sangat bagus, sangat saya rekomendasi ...
I've just seen an anime movie that hit me right in the feels! Seriously, the story, the emotions, and the music were all spot-on. I'm kicking myself for not catching this in theaters because it was THAT good. But hey, there's a tiny downside – the CGI was a bit off-putting.. . The story sucked me in from the get-go. The characters felt so real, and their journeys hit home. It's like you're on an emotional rollercoaster, and you don't want it to stop.. . Let's talk about the music – it's not just background music; it's like another character telling the story. The tunes totally sync up ...
Why Rating Is So Low?? (6.88=105 Users). . Why So Low Episodes (30 Episodes),. When Compared to Doupo Cangqiong/Fights Break Sphere/Battle Through the Heavens & Douluo Dalu/Soul Land ??. . One Of Best Donghua Before Mentioned Series!. . Good Action Animation & Hot Character Designs. . Good Story!. ...
Ragna Crimson slips into the top of my ranking of my favorite animes of this season.. First of all the characters we ragna is the commonplace of mc strong, naive with the precise goal of exterminating the dragons.... Crimson the common thread of this series , mastermind , the most intriguing character, we don't know why he wants to die or why exterminate the dragons even his sex but he is there to support our imperfect MC and that makes their duo MAGNIFICENT.. . For once I'm really disgusted with an antagonist, a WAIFU I would even say, I see that a lot of spectators appreciate her I don't ...
Much like its protagonist, the show is wholesome, charming, silly and positive. The art is endearing, the characters are colorful (if a bit trope-y) and the message is a simple but effective one - You can do things yourself and you'll appreciate the effort and result if you keep at it.. . It is a warm and engaging show that will fit you like a warm blanket during autumn. Not a masterpiece, not an instant classic, but plenty good enough to enjoy and lift your spirits. Often a show doesn't need to be more than this.. . From a critical stand point, the writing isn't great.. The characters have ...
Teenage sexual tension, the show.. Girl transfers to school. Girl sleeps at her desk. Boy wakes up girl. Girl walks out. Boy tastes her drool, left on her desk. A saliva induced psychic bond has formed!. . There is some emphasis on symbolism and dream imagery, but mostly the show revolves around fan service and hand holds teenage boys through some basic elements of teenage romance and expectations.. It's an indulgence and a fantasy of meeting the cool/alternative girl and experiencing some excitement, awkwardness, confusion and controversy.. . I recommend it because the author has an artful way of broaching this topic that you won't really see anywhere else. ...
tl;dr - This is a drama between multiple lovers, both students and adults with an emphasis on intimate scenes.. While the show has an initial protagonist, it often switches perspectives to the other characters to explain their motivations, emotions and reasoning.. . This is a recommendation provided you go into this with the understanding that it's not your classic romance formula. It's barely even romantic, save a few situations. How someone walks away from this show is the real prize, it's what we take away from it and how we'd react that matters.. . It has similar themes to "My Teen Romantic Comedy SNAFU/Yahari Ore no Seishun Love Comedy wa ...
This show is incredibly good, not that it has very good story nor characters but it's just an insanely fun and wholesome anime.. . There's really not much to say about this anime other than it's really good, I enjoyed every second of this show from start to finish. Honestly I'm not a ghibli fan nor do I hate ghibli, for the most part I just thought of ghibli films as good or fine and nothing special. But somehow this show manages to change that mindset.. . This is a very short review, I wrote this review just because I want to tell people how much I enjoyed this ...
Heroic Age stands as a timeless gem in the realm of space-travel anime, a genre I typically didn't explore until this captivating series emerged. What sets this anime apart is its ability to captivate audiences through a lovable and sincere main male character, whose honesty and endearing nature draw viewers into his world.. . The mecha battles amidst the vast expanse of space are nothing short of captivating, offering thrilling sequences that keep you on the edge of your seat. What makes these battles even more enthralling is the seamless integration of magic into the technological prowess of the mechas. This synergy between magic and technology adds ...
Zegapain stands the test of time as an anime that leaves an indelible mark long after the screen fades. Even a decade after watching it, memories of this masterpiece continue to evoke goosebumps, solidifying its place among the must-watch anime of a lifetime.. . At its core, Zegapain isn't just a series; it's an experience that transcends the realms of mere entertainment. Its thought-provoking and poignant narrative resonates deeply, weaving a storyline that's as beautiful as it is captivating. The perfect balance between tension, character development, and a meticulously crafted plot contributes to its allure.. . This anime possesses an enchanting quality to provoke introspection and linger in the ...
Half way through 2nd season, and this is a lot better than 1st season.. It's still a pretty standard anime, clearly nothing new, but it does it well.. . Why? The big thing less childish humour.. Not sure if this was choice by the writer or the adapter - either way, great choice.. Feels far more grown up, less jarring "rubbish humour time just after you've seen someone turned to mush!". This was already noticeable in the 0 Movie, where they allowed the emotional impact to land.. . What else did it get right?. The normal overpowered lead that saves the day all the time isn't quite as overpowered.. That ...
Kamonohashi Ron no Kindan Suiri is a delightful detective anime that embraces a more laid-back and charming approach to the genre. At its core, the series introduces a lovable main character who effortlessly steals hearts with their adorable demeanor.. . One of the anime's standout qualities is its ability to offer a relaxing viewing experience. It's one of those rare gems that you can simply sit back and enjoy, providing a soothing escape from the complexities of the day. The infusion of comedy, especially through the endearing yet somewhat clueless partner, adds a layer of light-heartedness to the investigative narrative.. . While some might yearn for deeper complexities or ...
Ghost Hunt emerges as an exceptional thriller anime, captivating audiences with its enthralling blend of paranormal tales and gripping mysteries. Each story arc intricately unfolds, offering a captivating exploration into the supernatural realm.. . The series excels in its ability to craft suspense. With each arc, Ghost Hunt masterfully builds anticipation, drawing viewers into a world teeming with chilling encounters and unexplained phenomena. The well-crafted suspense keeps audiences engaged, making each ghostly encounter both thrilling and hauntingly unforgettable.. . Central to the series is a mysterious and compelling protagonist, whose enigmatic nature adds depth to the narrative. His persona intrigues, leaving audiences fascinated by the depth of his character ...
#3. . A Lull In The Sea stayed consistent throughout all it's episodes. The characters were all interesting, or at least had value, and the story had strong themes that made it into a great anime. This anime is about change, and how it effects others at certain times. Some people don't like change, but no matter what they do, they have to accept it. That's kind of the memo of this anime, where all the characters have some sort of change happen to them in the series. The love "triangle", even though its more than that, was decent. But, one thing I found a little sus ...
A show that exists only in extremes, and refuses to do anything less. Throughout the 12 episodes (which feel more like 24), the show bounces between mashing up magical girls with heavy drug use, serious emotional beats about war with a self-parodic "gamers are oppressed" gang weed premise, incredible character design with inconsistent animation, and esoteric metaphysical plot twists with underage boy fanservice. I choose to pretend that last one did not happen. Every show gets one mulligan.. . The show is constantly at odds with itself, but never completely tears itself apart. It has some great edgy, almost cynical little moments: our nerd-hero-loser-soldier going all little ...
When it comes to a movie like this their isn't much to say without diving into spoilers (which isn't my style). You are lured in from the start for a fun happy movie, but the movie slowly devolves into something more sinister. You are lead along on a short leash only knowing as much as the main protagonist as the twists and turns only keep you in the dark while you think you know what's going on in the movie.. . In terms of animation the for the year of 1998 the movie has objectively great animation. You don't really see a lot of faltering lines nor ...
Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust is a combination of stunning animation, gripping storytelling, and a dark atmospheric world. The beautifully produced visuals bring the characters and settings to life, while the narrative weaves together a compelling tale of vampires, hunters, and the supernatural. This movie strikes a perfect balance between action and emotion. This anime also has a captivating plot and high-quality animation (for an anime released in 2000). The Character backgrounds, pacing, plot complexity, and underdeveloped side characters as potential drawbacks. But after all, It is a beautiful journey into the world of vampires and hunters that will leave you wanting more.
My dress up darling doll:. . I warred with myself whether to give this anime a 9 or a 10, but I ultimately settled on a 10 because there was only one instance of my most hated trope, aka loli fanservice.. . I gotta say, I went into this anime not knowing it was an ecchi - I thought it was a simple romcom and was somewhat surprised by the fanservice, although not unpleasantly so since it was done in a tasteful way (imo) and the situation called for a bit of skin showing most of the time (they were taking her measurements, so).. . I love love love loveeee Marin ...
Vampire Hunter D stands as a classic anime set in a post-apocalyptic world full of vampires. Although the animation is showing its age, the atmospheric visuals and iconic character designs enhance the viewing experience. The narrative, driven by the mysterious protagonist D, adds an interesting layer that appeals to fans of classic anime and vampire stories. The combination of horror, fantasy and science fiction is well executed, complemented by a classy art style that enhances the dark atmosphere. The characters, including the enigmatic D, contribute to an interesting storyline. While it may not cater to those looking for modern animation or intricate character development, fans ...
KonoSuba: God’s Blessing on This Wonderful World! It was one of the first Isekai animes I watched. It is also one of my favorite Isekai anime series that makes you burst out laughing out loud because the comedy is so good! The story follows Kazuma Satou, a young man who is transported to a fantasy world after his untimely and unfortunate death. Kazuma gets to continue his life in another world. Instead of being a hero with incredible powers, Kazuma is just an average guy trying to make ends meet in this new, strange world.. . The characters in “KonoSuba” are one of its greatest strengths. Each ...
Dekiru Neko does something I think is a death sentence in most shows: constraining one of the main characters into a singular room nearly all the time. Several shows did this, the most recent that I remember being isekai Ojisan, and all of them get so stale due to the lack of scenes and variety that comes with the almost suffocating lack of room for any sort of creativity to create new scenes.. . However, Dekiru Neko kept me hooked for the whole 13 episodes. The charm is already apparent in the first episode, introducing Fukuzuawa being exasperated at having such a big cat that can ...
Look, I've never been more embarrassed but also happy I watched this anime. The fan service is beyond over the top, but the humor matches it punch for punch. I found out the manga is continuing, but the anime is done. I wish I could continue watching these characters' stories, but also relieved it's over. The characters are surprisingly very deep and have their own messed up motivations for doing things, but they all jell together so beautifully. I've never been so divided in what I normally enjoy and what I should legally be allowed to enjoy in an anime.
Helck is a bit tough to grade to be honest. There are some things it does well and others that are either meh or disappointing. But for the most part it's a ride worth taking.. . Probably the best 2 things about the anime are the characters and the story. Helck is a lovable guy that has that right combination of strong, caring, and troubled parts of his personality that make you want to root for him. Vermilion is a good contrast to him and it's fun to watch them interact and slowly come to understand each other. And even Piwi is someone that is fun compliment ...
I can say very clearly that this anime is PEAK, it's GOAT.. . This anime is in many ways one of the best anime I've ever seen, the personal development of the characters is fantastic, the soundtrack is majestic, and the art is excellent, the use of pastel tones makes the anime even more beautiful.. . The anime's introduction is very good, but its ending is on another level, on an addictive level that makes you want to watch it again and again with the same attention as the first episode.. . The anime presents the story of Frieren and his friends in a way that makes you want to ...
Charlotte was pretty decent, wouldn't say it was particularly engaging in some parts but as it progressed the story did improve greatly.. The music in the anime was pretty good too, fitting in with the atmosphere that the show was trying to go for, opening is a banger too.. Only reason this gets a 9 and not a 8 is because personally I think the story was actually really well written its just the anime was too short for it to flourish properly. To end this review, if you've come from Angel Beats or other Jun Maeda works I do recommend giving this a watch.
Dear review reader, I am here to convince you that this show is worth trying. This anime is severely underrated and its MAL score is NOT accurate whatsoever for this anime. It is surprising and saddening that not a lot of people in the West know of this Anime. Just to give context, in terms of household TV ratings (in Kanto region), Firefighter Daigo: Rescuer in Orange is up there consistently with One Piece, Frieren, and Jujutsu Kaisen Season 2, and for a good reason. Although it has a simple premise, it has great storytelling and potential. It shows the ins and outs of being ...
What's funny about end of evangelion is while there's just a sheer number of flaws with this movie, it still is the absolute pinnacle of anime film and one of the greatest movies of all time in general. Yes, the story to this movie is terrible. Like all of eva, the story is forgettable, convoluted, and overall just shit. but i think what's different abt end of eva is how, after everything's done and the credits are rolling, you come to the realization that the story didn't matter. None of it mattered. What made this movie such an experience was its convoluted nature. Not knowing ...
If you have seen the first season, Fumoffu may surprise or delight you. However, even if you are a new viewer, you can still enjoy the show, although you may appreciate the character interactions more if you had watched the previous season. I really enjoyed the show's fun and carefree tone. The season features the student committee, led by a composed leader who always carries a Japanese fan. They put Kaname in some ridiculous situations. The slapstick humor is more frequent and extreme. Japanese anime comedy does not always translate well for international viewers, but I found several episodes enjoyable and had some genuine laughs. ...
This chapter has left me feeling incredibly empty. So many emotions together that I don't even know what to do. Not to mention what happened between Okabe and Cristina, which I didn't remember, I felt all over again. I'm crying and everything. I give it an 11/10.. . It's definitely unique in anime, on the level of Okabe's superb writing.. . How an anime can evoke such emotions is really a testament to the skill of the creators. The writing, the animation, the music, it all comes together to create an experience that can be incredibly moving.. . What happened between Okabe and Cristina, though I didn't remember it, affected me ...
well that was... something.. i definitely fell in love with those series at the very beginning when they met the snake thing and it didn't fail to dissapoint me later.. the world writing is amazing, seriously. like the whole idea, the rat people, character motives - the longer i was watching this, the more i started to love those series.. now let's get to the positive things aka why you should watch (not read) shinsekai yori:. - as i mentioned a lot before - world writing - basically everything is made up PERFECTLY, with an amazing and original idea. - characters - wrote really good, saki who's the main character ...
Why did i hadn't listen to this before? Why does this song do not have a review? Why does this song only has a tiny fraction of the views compared to other Kenshi Yonezu's works? since i discovered this song it became one of my all time favorites all the way up there with Hikari yo and Re Boot, at least by my standards this is an increadible work which deserves more recognition, popularity and better critics so i write this review (my very first and probaby only review) in hopes of getting more people too listen to Christmas Morgue with a more open mind ...
86 is a masterpiece. It portrays the war and drama so well, and also has a lot of hard hitting emotional moments.. . there are two main characters to this story. There's Shin and Lena. Shin is an 86, a race that doesn't have silver hair and silver eyes like the "alba." And the 86 are discriminated against by the alba for the same reason that racism existed in the past. The story is about Lena, who commanding a squad full of 86, and Shin happens to be there. You see two sides of the story. One from Lena's eyes, and one from Shin's eyes. The relationship ...
Kaguya sama is my favourite anime of all time. It took a genre which I thought was terrible as a whole, and I still enjoyed it.. . Kaguya sama is about two high schoolers in the student council who have feelings for eachother, but neither of them are willing to confess first. It may seem dumb at first, which is what I thought initially too. However, it’s not the part of them trying to make the other one confess that I enjoyed the most. It’s the things that happen with the student council. There are other characters in this high school, and all of them are likeable ...
Pride of Orange has a good story of rising to the top of Hockey especially since it adds in development of its characters.. . The characters are pretty likable and funny and are easy to get attached to and see them change.. . The music and animation are just a big hell yea to the audience showing how not only are the characters great but the music and animation are something entirely.. . The development of its characters and pacing were enjoyable and so were the moments shown.. . Not much of a hockey fan but the show was pretty enjoyable making me wish I played hockey too and it ...
Gekidol is genuinely a good show, having it rated 5/10 is just underestimating its talent.. . The story is pretty good thinking it's just a idol show but turns into something much more is more than enough to be good storytelling and pacing.. . The characters, development, pacing and storytelling were pretty good, so good that a 5/10 is insulting, the strong point is its characters and their development and the pacing of said characters and storytelling are good also.. . The art style is pretty good too, nothing off or to flashy.. . The main characters had complexity to them in a way they had struggles and tried to either change or ...
MASTERPIECE. . PT-BR. eu nunca vi um anime tão bom em fazer umas piadas exageradas e escrachadas, eu do risada sempre com os bagulho absurdo que esses cara fazem, simplesmente muito bom, já li o mangá completo e agora só esperar a próxima season q vem por ai. A animação das lutas ficou impecável não poderiam ter feito melhor, a trilha sonora também fez o anime ficar melhor ainda.. Amei demais, recomendo super pra quem gosta de um humor parecido com one punch man, é sensacional. . EN-US. I've never seen an anime so good at making exaggerated and ridiculous jokes, I always laugh at the absurd things these guys ...
gonna be honest - waited a year and a couple of months before finally watching. i did this out of uncertainty for how the series - one that'd already "ended" several times, each time mesmerizing but never conclusive - would once again "end".. . not being ironic when i say this is the absolute dream conclusion for something that, more than any series ever, desperately needed one. the hopelessness that permeates much of the preexisting media has been consumed and experienced by both fans and casual watchers for decades now, that retreading into yet another apocalyptic finale with nary a glimpse of hope would've been redundant as ...
*NO SPOILERS*. Monster was an insane anime. It was so good I could not bring myself to finish it, thus me literally starting it in March and finished it in December.. First off, props to Naoki Urusawa for such an amazing story. I know the manga is insanely popular and such, but man even in anime form it is literally amazing. Kenzo Tenma is emphasized so much in the anime, the emotions behind Johann and Anna, and much more things that other animes just cannot capture.. . In Monster you feel so many emotions, you start out feeling hatred against Johann but slowly you just empathize with him ...
It's a great story about basically 9 people who suffered greatly when they were young and how they overcame their struggles.. It's not an action anime. It's not really a fantasy either. It's pretty much a straight forward message to the young kids who are struggling while growing up, while going to school - the most important thing in your life is to hear others, so that they could hear you as well, that not everyone will be your friend but that you have to look for friends in order to find them, since they maybe right near you but if you don't look hard enough ...
Isekai Nonbiri Nouka was a series I picked up because it seemed laid-back and cozy. And on that front it certainly delivered. While I can’t call it an outstanding series, I have to admit my partner and I enjoyed ourselves just fine with this anime.. . This series does not have a particularly original set-up, but at least it’s another notch on the wheel of isekai niches. The premise of Isekai Nonbiri Nouka is simple and if you want to watch something that doesn’t require braincells, it works. It’s just a slice-of-life series with an overpowered main character interested in making a farming community. I am unfamiliar ...
if you want a CUNNY SPARKLING JK WITH BLUSHING AND HEARTWARM BETWEEN TWO GIRLS (read: yuri) and (loli maybe) stuff, YOU MUST WATCH THIS!!! UGHH ARGHHH *dying from cuteness*, maybe the story is generic or something, just little girl with social problem where meet a girl that change her daily, but the design character with art styles is blending make it different (for me), the blush, the lips, the eyes and the hair styles very nice, and cunny stuff also. . umika and akeuchi wholesome daily makes me think "this is the anime that everyone must watch" because the sparkling kira-kira doki-doki color palette the anime is ...
This short movie was on the VHS for pokemon 2000 back in the day. a classic pokemon animation, looks just like the old stuff, none of this new BULLSHIT GARBAGE that pokemon does now. very beautifully animated, its basically just 20 minutes of Ken Sugimori aesthetic cute. There really isn't a story, or characters or like anything at all. anyway, good ass movie, 10/10 I like the part where pikachu goes "pikachu!". Also this review needs more information apparently. what else am i supposed to say. pikachu pikachu. pikapika.. . Electrons propagating through a magnetic field emit very bright and coherent photon beams via synchrotron radiation. It ...
To summarise:. Episode 1 - 11: Teacup rides in amusement park. Episode 12 onward: Hyper rollercoaster that lost its braking capability. . It is always surprising thing why this anime is still so unknown to many. The plot is a masterpiece.. . Some characters may get annoying but they grow. The characters are not as one-dimensional as one may see them as. There are times the characters feel dumb but the nicest thing to see is when they become so dependable during the right time.. . The art-style may feel a little old for most but do take note that this was released close to 15 years back.. . Honestly I did doze ...
Wow. Coming into an anime with a rating in the mid 7s i didn't expect much. This is due mainly in part to me finding a lot of the aggregated scores higher than they should be. Having watching this short 3 episodes season, i can confidently say this is one of the most beautifully animated shows that is literally bursting with soul.. . The animation here unquestionably gorgeous. The fight sequences are incredibly well done with attention to detail rarely seen anywhere else. The watercolour landscapes are to die for and oozes the artists care and attention. Every single hit you feel and ...
not many anime series have made me dribble into a puddle of sobbing, primordial slop following an episode - less series have made me do so over a string of 4 to 5 episodes, without room to breathe. right from jump, nothing feels -quite right- as if there's always an air of uncertainty looming within every interaction. even when you're flashbanged an entire cast within just a few minutes (some, who aren't even addressed by name right away) there's an eerie vibe that continues to not settle well. keep in mind, that that vibe gets worse and worse, as you progress through the plot and ...
a deconstruction, of a deconstruction, of a deconstr-. . OK, but - throughout all the layers to this series, its humor and self-awareness make it one of the more enjoyable anime in recent memory. it's flashy, referential, spirited (and all to such extremes) that it is hard to look away at any given moment, because some small (but worth seeing) detail might get missed. it certainly has something, somewhere, for everybody, and so its a great one to watch with someone else/a small group. it's a polarizing one for sure, which honestly makes it all the more exciting so see it in its complete audaciousness. buuut all ...
Giraffes are gay.. Wolf girls are cute.. . Also did I remember to say that giraffes are gay? Don't trust me?. . Then go ahead and watch this anime! It is pretty interesting with a lot of run-of-the-mill harem anime tropes, but with animal girls!. It is also filled with some interesting facts about animals (such as the giraffes being gay (k I'll stop now..)), cute moments and some fan-service too.. . The main protag, Jin, is bit of an a-hole, but on the other hand it was nice to see an anime protagonist that isn't all lovely-dovey with all the girls and actually has some unique personality.. . Renka is the other main character ...
The best anime this year So far... for me... hope this Story can get a game adaptation... I like to play games like this... pokemon concept but a different vibe... with RPG a type of game that will be the best game ever... :). . by the way... this anime has a unique story with a fresh combination of genres... the art style is perfect... the main character may be a little annoying but I still can accept that... the character development may be slow but I think that is normal... the passing story may be slow but with 25 episodes, I can accept that... hope the ...
Attack on Titan is easily one of the most important and exciting anime of all time, and season 1 makes that fact very clear. From head to toe, this anime is awesome. The story is very gripping while being easy to follow, but just because you're not confused doesn't mean that the mystery isn't 100% efficient. This anime does a great job at keeping this hidden while being in front of your face the entire time. Oh, also, it's very dark, gruesome, and full of intense action.. . AoT's first season does an excellent job at building up the importance of each character, even if they ...
tl;dr: Watch if you like the other series made by Adachi. Otherwise I don't see a point in watching this. Start with one of his other series first. Preferably Cross Game (though H2 is my favorite).. . It's as simple as: if you like Cross Game, H2, Sunny Ryoko, and (especially) Touch, you'll enjoy this anime for the most part, because of nostalgia and all the tricks Adachi usually pulls to mess with our heart; if you don't like the anime/manga mentioned above, then you won't enjoy watching MIX at all, since it's by far the weakest out of the bunch.. . Adachi pulls exactly the same old tricks ...
rating: ★★★★★ (5/5). . spy x family season 2 has burst onto the anime scene with an electrifying start, proving that lightning can indeed strike twice. picking up where the first season left off, this installment of the series effortlessly weaves together espionage, humor, and heart, creating a concoction that is impossible to resist.. . one of the standout elements of spy x family season 2 is its continued commitment to character development. our favorite spy, twilight, once again finds himself entangled in a web of intrigue and danger, but this time, the stakes are higher than ever. the growth of twilight's character is palpable as he navigates the ...
Azumanga Daioh follows a simple slice-of-life comedy premise, and it executes it well. The show features many enjoyable and charming scenes and consistently funny jokes. However, the humor falls flat when it comes to Kimura's character, who is consistently predictable and creepy. The show's cast is fairly basic, with characters that rarely deviate from their archetypes. Nevertheless, the series excels in showcasing their quirks and interactions in hilarious and engaging ways. Unfortunately, Kimura's character fails to contribute to this dynamic, as his behavior only creeps out or angers the other characters without any surprise or humor.. . The cast in this show, except for Kimura, is genuinely ...
A perfectly suited sequel to the action packed first season of Vinland saga.. . The season gave us a truly deep down dive into the character of Thorfinn and an increased duration of time establishing his character and allowing more complex emotion to be shown. Which was a part of why Thorfinn has seen a growth in admiration due to departing of his simplistic revenge seeking narrative displayed in season 1 which lacked nuance.. . The animation was amazing as it was in the first season just a tad bit less immersive with the reduced level of action and combat the music was ...
IT WON'T BURN. This is your chance people, this thing won't burn. JUST push it a little futher, it won't burn.. LOOK, it's not like a bloody "Bochi no Rock or whatever", which sank in just few month, no.. THIS will work, unless you do not push it. It's a thing like a "Barefoot Gen", it's working emotionally which bloody hard to achieve.. There's a feeling of sense of the society in here, just DON'T bloody abandon it. DON'T turn in into another Titanic, lol.. . . . The story so far:. ". Years ago, extraterrestrials known as the Citizens of the Stars descended upon the planet of Tokinea and wreaked havoc on ...
(I am acutally a real person so you need to trust me, lol.). THIS IS THE BEST THING ON THE MARKET RIGHT NOW.. FORGET THE EDGE LORDS AND THINGS OF THE PEOPLE WHO LOVES WATCHING EDGE LORDING ANIME LIKE THAT THING ATTACK ON THE SANDWICH.. . THIS IS THE QUALITY CONTENT.. IT HAS THE BEST MAIN CHARACTER MALE VOICE EVER.. . Main girl character is a laghuable. The thing is the plot is nice and creepy and times (it can scare you, really).. Ignore the girl and enjoy the trip of a good guy.. It's great as 9. This anime is like a car, you just push the clutch, select the bloody gear and ...
(NO SPOILERS!). Bro, this is far more good than you may even think, DO NOT ever listen to the bloody edge lords.. It's good. Just good. Enjoy the trip. When you watch this, you feel yourself being on a cruise ship, you do not think much or feel much, but that's the bloody point. It's good, clean and good.. Wierd idea to write a lot of words, what is, essay, lol? Just don't listen to the edge lords and play the anime.. Review rating : 10/10. Yes.. The story is this:. ". Aspiring light novel author Yuu Nagami regularly enters writing competitions but has yet to win a single one. ...
Unpopular opinion but here goes.. . By the whole idea and concept of the world itself in the anime is pretty good yet a lot of it was taken away by really random horny stuff. If someone would cut up those 24 episodes into your usual 12-14 episode anime, it would be way way better.. . Premise - 8/10. The whole idea of everyone having a "count" which goes up or down depending on your oath to yourself is pretty good. Considering the idea arose from essentially WW3 (Waste Wars), it's a really nice concept. Only and major flaw is that quarter of the anime in it wasn't worked on ...
Story: 9. Animation: 7. Sound: 10. Characters: 10. Enjoyment: 10. . Total: 9. . Scars can heal. It is an important message this movie nails very well. Even with the minor caveat of getting positive support. But this lesson is as important as well. If your friends struggle through hard times, help them.. . ...
"Rent a Girlfriend" is an amazing anime for everyone who enjoys funny and romantic moments. The story isn't really anything special, but if your life is introverted, and you struggle with building relationships with people, you can definitely relate to Kazuya. Emotionally, I give it a 10/10 because, from time to time, I appreciate calm, romantic anime with a hint of eccentricity. The animation is fantastic, and I love this style of animation. The characters are more or less realistic and behave like normal college students; being quite quirky myself, I can really immerse myself in it. I think you'll enjoy the anime even if ...
I would be so down for a long-form anime run by Mamoru Hosoda.. . Probably some of the best stuff from Digimon even if the story was very barebones, but it's only twenty minutes. Had more funny moments than I remembered and I was quite surprised at how different the English and Japanese dubs are. The English one is missing a few scenes and underlaid with a bunch of late 90s Pop Punk (All My Friends are Metalheads for example), while the Japanese dub feels way more serious and hardly uses musical undertones.. . I also find it kind of hilarious how the plot of a movie ...
The title of this should be Apocalypse Stone.. . Someone had posted a YouTube video with the caption, “Why isn’t Dr. Stone more popular?” And as someone who never sees people talk about it on my social media platforms, I agree but, I also think I have an answer.. . The title. For me, Dr. Stone isn’t very exciting as a title, and after watching season one, I personally think it’s also misleading. I thought that there was an actual doctor doing some form of healing on patients who became part stone. Which, didn’t seem all that interesting to me as a potential viewer.. . However, Senku is not a ...
I mostly watched this because Mamoru Hosoda directed it. He has such a distinct style which I find breathtaking.. . My expectations weren´t that high. I haven´t watched One Piece since elementary school. But at that time it was probably the first thing I would look forward to when I came home. Funnily enough, the movie is set around the time I stopped watching and it was kind of nostalgic seeing all these characters again.. Baron Omatsuri and the Secret Island follows a very basic shonen anime setup. It´s a story about friendship as well as not being able to let go and sets it in the Carribean ...
This comedy brings laughter to the forefront of its charm. The humor in this anime is both witty and heartwarming. Reina's quirky behavior and her unique expressions to her unconventional attempts at social interaction, forms the crux of the comedy. Raidou's reactions and the chemistry between the two characters contribute to the overall hilarity. The simplicity of the premise allows the comedy to shine, making each episode veeery enjoyable. While the anime embraces its comedic core, it also manages to weave in moments of genuine warmth and character development. Reina's peculiar charm becomes a source of endearment, turning what could have been a one-note comedy ...
Its fun! One of the few yaoi animes that are worth to watch.. . Now, this is not any masterpiece but I expected the generic bl shenanigans and got something 10 times more entertaining and enjoyable. Behind the gangbangs and vibrators there is some fun characters and the animation is decent, its a shame that it was cancelled after 2 episodes. (There is a manga, go read that I guess). . The characters are surprisingly well rounded in the short time they have, and have some personality and motivations beyond the kind of husbando cutouts bl characters tend to be in the few series that get an anime. All ...
It slices through the anime scene with a bold mix of cliche storytelling and exceptional design elements that make it a standout experience. The story, while falling into familiar revenge tropes, basically cliche story, manages to keep you hooked with its gritty atmosphere and Afro's relentless pursuit of justice. What truly steals the show is the design prowess. The characters, each with their own unique flair, bring a visual feast to the screen, i adored drawing them all. Afro's iconic look, complemented by imaginative character designs, adds a layer of "coolness" to the series. The fights are the real stars, choreographed with style that elevate ...
I came into Akudama Drive not expecting very much. I have watched a few shows recently that average in the 8s yet I feel them lacking and below their aggregated score. For me however, Akudama Drive was great and was a pleasant surprise.. . One thing that is fantastic about this show is the animation. It is stunning to look at. Every little bit of it is well thought and demands attention. Kanto looks dark yet vibrant and visually attractive. The character designs also look slick and varied. Motion in this show is very fluid. The studio Pierrot has animated movement beautifully in this show. Vehicle scenes ...
Recommended for those who appreciate fun and heart-warming stories.. . This has to be one of the most Japanese pieces of media I have ever watched. It is as Japanese as it gets. A heart-warming and fun story about a Japanese family-run whiskey manufacture.. During the screening at Anilogue International Animation Festival, the audience laughed at so many of the little details that the creators added. We were laughing hard even after 20 minutes with my friend on how Japanese some of the jokes were.. . The direction and editing were solid, it felt like you were watching a really well done documentary style drama movie with some animated flair. ...
So far, I have only seen 12 episodes from it, and I can confidently say, that it is one of the best anime I have seen in my life. The animation is great, voice acting is great, the story is great, the characters are great, everything is amazing.. . The titular main character, Frieren, is not just a cute and beautiful elf waifu, but also very much relatable, at least to me. She struggles with comprehending how quickly time passes for others, which results both in funny and awkward moments that can be laughed at and emotionally traumatising tragedies. She is nostalgia personified, and is guaranteed ...
To preface this review, I first watched the series when it came out and loved it, but after being disappointed with season 2, I decided to go back and watch Season 1 again and see if it still was as good as I remembered, or if I just was caught up in the hype.. . So first things first, I did end up changing my score as I was a victim of the hype, it wasn't the 9/10 that I had originally given it, the series has some flaws, and the animation, while slightly above average, is not at the standard it would need to be to ...
I might be in the minority in that I thought the first season was 'fine' it was enjoyable, but it used too many familiar tropes and wasn't special enough and didn't do enough to set itself apart from many fantasy/isekai/reincarnation OP MC plot anime.. . So for me I enjoyed Season 2 more than I did Season 1 because it stepped away from much of that, the characters are still the same, except we don't have to go through their backstories and faux betrayals, instead we can just enjoy them for who they are.. . One issue with season 1, was the bloated character roster, but for season ...
It was a production that could convey sadness, joy and calmness and reflect these emotions well. I liked it very much because I watched it without any expectations. I have always loved these kinds of productions with scientific themes and specific topics. For such a production, I can say that the character designs are quite satisfactory. I think it is an anime that can be a ray of hope for people with such dreams. The characters' emotional transitions, speaking styles, lifestyles, and seeing that they can have fun with each other despite being different, the way the anime presents this is truly satisfying. A good ...
Damn it's goooooodddd.. Name an anime which so weird at first glance but turn out to be great. Well not great but it's approach towards story and character development is really nothing close to what you've seen.. So many words dialogues and animation panels. In some point you would think its not animation it's picture frames. But believe me it's not.. Over the time it's animation got so better like in movies of trilogy the animation screenplay were just masterpiece. I never spoil too much but after watching it you will definitely put araragi in your favourite characters list or the main female lead.
I personally really enjoy this anime. Among the slog of samey and boring isekai, it really breaks the mold, in the sense that the sole purpose of the anime is the chill and carefree vibe it has, aka. there is no plot or tension. After reading the reviews here, many people dislike this aspect. For me however, it perfectly matches my expectations and wants for the show.. . Another positive aspect is that the characters are actually smart, and act like real people. The MC is very reasonable, even if a bit too cowardly. The characters make or break the show, and fortunately here, they easily make ...
This anime has an incredible foundation for it's plot, with mystery, action, romance and drama which makes the anime feel full. The plot has a strong start but slowly focused more on side characters development more than the main character's, which are by far the most interesting and compelling to watch.. . The arc between the main characters Shuu and Kisara throughout the anime is great, with a solid backstory and continued character dynamic that carries the anime. Unfortunately, my main complaint are the countless times the anime focuses on other side character dialogue, which felt long and uninteresting in comparison. Towards the end, I was craving ...
Horimiya: Piece was so much fun from start to finish, for a season that didn't particularly progress any major plot I enjoyed the hell out of this, I'd argue it even outshone the first season at times. Comedically this season was great, so many laugh out loud moments and funny little scenes between characters that never made for a dull moment. I really do think the characters stood out across the episodes, I felt the balance between them all was great and there were a lot of group scenes which I think were handled really well, giving everyone a bit of focus but not forcing ...
Not a direct sequel, Yojouhan Time Machine Blues is a spinoff set in the Yojouhan Shinwa Taikei universe and the events seemingly occur in an alternate timeline, while still retaining the original cast and setting-based context. The parent TV series is certainly not essential viewing, but I find that it enhances one's understanding of Tomihiko Morimi's (original creator) prioritization of character chemistry, which, unfortunately, benefits this ONA's ability to appeal to the audience, especially on the newer side. It's unable to form the full picture of contrasting dynamics alone given the limited runtime, and without that subtext, the already enjoyable humor isn't elevated to comprehensive ...
The daily lives of guinea pigs turned cars are charming, not necessarily because children's shows offer nuanced insights that can be addictive, although that's certainly part of it, but because the creative lengths achieved here in under three minutes is nothing short of amusing. It's less about the plot lines themselves, and more so the imaginative stop-motion animation coming to fruition through the use of diverse visual language. Pui Pui Molcar stitches storytelling by weaving music, varied movement, and completely transparent facial expressions that are not only easy to read but the sheer spectrum of subtle micro-movements boasting ridiculous amounts of twitches and jumps plus ...
Needless to say, for a graduation work, this is a phenomenal showcase of storytelling talent. Tomoki Misato's retelling of a classic Brothers Grimm fairy tale merely takes the original's skeleton, whereas the central focus is on an entirely different angle toward psychological trauma, be it memories or permanent scars that are difficult to confront. The innocence of a group of baby sheep is exploited for grim imagery, and this could have easily gone in the opposite direction, however, I commend Misato's choice to rotate the moral compass to responsibility, the conscious choice to protect the defenseless. The film's parallel allegories are extremely effective in developing ...
Ambition is contagious, and Mimi wo Sumaseba stands in a separate category among Studio Ghibli's filmography. It manufactured a subdued idea of romanticism, in this case, toward the arts. Even as I say this, I'm still inclined to maintain neutrality regarding Yoshifumi Kondou's direction slightly deviating from what had been established by Miyazaki and Takahata alternating up to that point (excluding Umi ga Kikoeru) because the film's reserved personality is not without its pros and cons. Two students stumble upon a chance encounter through books, sparking a connection that's only genuinely romantic in its outcome, not subtext. It's unclear when their relationship takes that substantial ...
It's hard to shake the feeling that Karigurashi no Arrietty feels like the premise of a Western feature, probably a CG abomination if that were the case. The idea has already existed within many different renditions, each attempting a unique approach to the power dynamic of little people (Borrowers) living in a huge world, well larger than human perception at least. Director Hiromasa Yonebayashi's spin on the family genre has charm, but most importantly, he avoids the weight of sappiness. Uncontrolled sentimentality can easily spiral throughout a screenplay, and the guilt of needing to pity melodramatic situations negatively influences the viewer's impression when films themselves ...
Incredibly immersive, the entire enclosed spatial feel relies on a techno-dystopian overcast signified by the somber use of darkness. The dingy lighting is constantly shifting due to fluctuating lumen levels, contrasting the natural brightness of the outside world. This difference comprehensively develops a shaded underground civilization because artificial light is unreliably uneven, and diffusing the glow of bulbs or lanterns across a wide area inevitably weakens the candescent output. Director Toshihisa Yokoshima combines cel-shaded 3DCG with the subtle movements of 2D animation, exhibiting mastery of motion mechanics. It's widely known that CGI generally boasts a less believable series of incremental human-like gestures, not a deterrent ...
Deviating from the princess story schematic is dictated by the conclusion and more overtly, the final message. It allows an arbitrary creative process given the central focus remains on the princess to some extent, and Katabuchi exploits this imaginatively. His supremely specific control over the film's fundamental pace is remarkable, but more impressively, the narrative mimics a standstill at the forefront of its momentum. I'm sure most viewers would agree that Arete Hime is generally slow, although whether or not that's advantageous is also at their discretion. I find it immensely necessary as a counterpart to the sequence of events that suddenly transpire in Arete's ...
An illusion of time's passage, latent apprehension firmly planted in the furthest crevices of minds. The North exists here and there, everywhere but alas, nowhere. It is simply a state of immobility and disorientation experienced by anyone with a dream of something more. Yamamura's otherworldly imagery is dense in detail, while the fractured memories are effectively unmoving in a repeated cycle or headed somewhere, seemingly north. The cardinal direction is of little importance in and of itself, but it refers to the universal knowledge that one should head towards a straight path in times of need. A consensus that without direction in one's aspirations, they're ...
It will take thousands of years for an anime to be like this one. What makes this anime enjoyable is that it does not care what you think of it. They'll say whatever they want even if the script is controversial.. . I'll give you some examples. "Sorry all you little yellow people look alike to me, and African Americans". "You can do the broadcasting so I can get my brains banged out by Mr. Sakata...". "Mr. Sakata's banging the living fuck out of Ms. Matsushima!". "Sorry, but this number is not in service, hey! Maybe if they paid their fucking phone bill you could call again!". "Get yo crackhead ass into ...
"You are my creation, I command you to stop!" is the vibe I get from this show. Basically, a professor makes a HAL to take over the world and do some space pranks, but it decides that it needs to destroy the human race instead, as it finds the species to be chaotic and meaningless. And somehow it's up to a girl named Nora who invented the quirky dopey naive main character type, and a professor who might think they're dating to stop this robot before it releases the nukes! It is a constant matter of life and death for the people on Earth and ...
I honestly unironically like this anime. I don't get what the hate is all about. Like sure, I was expecting some sort of ironic humor, and that does deliver, but to me there's more unironic than ironic enjoyment. Definitely doesn't deserve to be one of the lowest-rated anime of all time, that's for sure.. . I definitely understand some viewers being confused when they're plastered face-first into a battle at the beginning of the series, but honestly I think . But honestly, I think that was one of the best ways to introduce the series, and I believe it was executed very well and left enough room ...
Rozen Maiden is a gothic horror story with action elements. As the show progresses, we are introduced to a variety of characters and alternate worlds that use human psyches to give them structure, contributing to the show's unique atmosphere.. . However, it took some time for me to become invested. One of the main characters and his attitude were responsible for my initial hesitation. When the series began, we were introduced to a girl who declined an invitation to play sports because she had to take care of her brother, who she claimed was unwell. Yet, the first glimpse we get of Jun is him sitting in ...
A much more ambitious continuation to its predecessor. Introduces brand new concepts, expands on lore, and keeps up with the themes of bonds/friendship and ending the cycle of hatred. Though it has some pacing issues and polarizing decision-making at times, this remains a favourite series to many for its climactic fights, emotional moments and diverse cast of characters. While the original series is definitely more cohesive and grounded, Shippuden has much higher highs. No beating around the bush, it is a flawed show, but the positives outweigh the negatives and offer some of the most iconic sequences in anime history.. . Additionally, Naruto: Shippuden covers a wide ...
I more than understand why people don't initially like the anime. Strong scenes, character with a generic profile, but the course shows that the anime is a moral lesson that makes you think like never before in animes where the focus is not thinking.. Rights to kill? Right of survival? This and other things appear for you to reflect on.. The main character made me take off 1 point because this cliché persona often makes me move away from the scene itself.. I more than recommend the anime, because with good fight scenes (with the exception of the stupid censorship), it involves drama, philosophy, fighting, humor with everything ...
Man I love this show. Before I dove into season four, Golden Kamuy was already one of my favourite shows. After season four however my opinion has changed...I love it even more.. . Ill start with the story simply because I want to write about it the most. This season might just be the best yet. From a progression of the story and exhilarating moments, season three takes it. But man is this season funnier than ever. There are too many moments to mention that are absolutely hilarious. I haven't laughed so many times in such a short period of time watching an anime as I did ...
Since the episodes are still airing, I can't say for sure but I feel like it definitely deserves a higher rating than it's given right now.. It's an enjoyable anime with a loose plot, but it is constructed in a way that everything would make sense and connects to one another. I would say give the first few episodes a shot, and you could quickly tell whether or not the plot would bore you, because it stays pretty consistent throughout the anime.. . Plot: The plot isn't as strict but still is coherent to make the anime enjoyable to watch. It sticks and follows a main idea, but ...
Absolute masterpiece. I don’t really do reviews but, this one is just that good. Easily the best anime of the season, probably the year, maybe of all time? We’ll see about the last part until it’s finished! The characters all get plenty of development, even the ones you wouldn’t really expect to. The story and art are incredible, bringing the world to life like most other series can’t do. It’s not all flashy combat and fight scenes; there’s some fighting and, it’s really good. I can say I wasn’t expecting an absolute banger like this to come out this season, let alone ever. Highly recommended, ...
Such a good romance, it is indeed typical but somehow not a 100% cliche story, i really enjoyed it specially for the comedy.. The character designs are cute and charming, fitting the overall tone of the series.. It incorporates various comedic scenarios, often centered around the awkwardness and sweetness of young love.. The main friend group always gave me the heart-warming vibe i enjoy on animes which made me like it more.. Everything on this series is extra simple but thats the charm, its a light anime you can just enjoy.. Totally recommended if you want something pretty funny and cute :3
This is a typical boy meets girl story with a supernatural twist of a tunnel that can grant your wish but every 3 seconds in the tunnel equates to 2 hours outside. Just from this premise alone, you can guess exactly what is going to happen. The plot is incredibly predictable with tons of cliche tropes.. . However, what it lacks in plot, it makes up for it in everything else. The art style and characters are visually appealing. The interactions between our main leads are enjoyable to watch. The animation is gorgeous. The soundtrack is terrific. The theme and message are incredibly heartfelt.. . The ending ...
One of the best anime of 2023 in my opinion. The animation is great, really a feast for the eyes. The characters are all unique and interesting. The plot is fun with a Sherlock Holmes style "mystery of the week" approach. There's enough humor to keep things light but the tone is serious when appropriate, it's pretty hard to strike that balance correctly and this show does it well.. . The MC is a bit of a Mary Sue, she's not perfect but it's pretty close. That being said so was Sherlock Holmes so it matches the theme of "genius detective". It seems that most folks who ...
If you’ll simply take the time to read the manhua you’ll quickly discover how epic this.. I’ve read about halfway through and decided to pause to watch the anime. There’s enough content to get AT LEAST 3 seasons of anime if not more. I’ve seen others complaining about the manhua but as someone who probably read close to 1000 different ones for real and I think personally this one is great. The story progresses to a fever pitch but unfortunately I doubt we’ll get too far in this season. Let’s just all hope and pray we’ll get multiple seasons of this great story
To be honest I enjoyed this season, I didn't have very high expectations but I was surprised, the second season was absolute shit, I don't know who the idiot who directed it was, but thank God he's not in charge for this new season. The animation is the best thing it has, I don't think I have any complaints, the musical section is excellent (including openings & endings), the story is very entertaining and knows how to do it, obviously not everything is perfect, this same mistake of focusing on the secondary ones and nothing on the protagonist, even so Naofumi has a moment to ...
The anime is mainly aimed at fans of the light novel, as it adapts the second volume faithfully and expands on some scenes and characters. However, it also provides enough information and context for newcomers to enjoy the story and understand the setting. The anime also explores some themes such as the psychological trauma of war, the meaning of freedom and identity, and the bonds of friendship and love.. . 86 Part 2 is an excellent anime for those who like dark and realistic stories set in a dystopian world. It has a compelling plot, a likable cast, and a stunning art style. It may not be ...
I have somehow practically watched half the major scenes in this anime before actually watching it. If you want surprises, avoid social media, seriously.. . The animation is by MAPPA so it’s as good as MAPPA gets. Jawlines that can cut a hoe, HD quality that you know would look great on Costco display TV’s, and overall meme factory. . It was just funny, packed with lots of fight scenes. Although the first season had more exposition and was easier to follow, this season is also enjoyable with pretty aesthetics and fighting scenes. We also get to see lots of characters’ motivations and strategies for fighting given their ...
could be the most perfect anime of all time. i've watched 12 episodes and i can't really judge untill the anime finish. but for now we can see that in the first couple episodes are slow paced building which i liked very much. with the beautiful middle Ages world and the studio (mad house) did really goodjob in there and they use sfx and nature sound not relying on soundtracks and it goes so fkn well with the drawings and the nature of the world (gives me chill). conversations in this anime is beautiful with charecters which everyone has his own intresting story.. . Story :. I ...
You wouldn't know it just from looking at its traditional shonen artstyle, but there's actually a lot going on under the surface of Undead Unluck. After watching the first few episodes, I was prepared to write it off as a "fun popcorn anime", but after sticking with it for just a little longer (as well as consuming some minor spoilers for later on), I can say with certainty that it's worth the watch, and that season 1 is only the tip of the iceberg for what's to come.. . Undead Unluck probably has the most explosive and action-packed first few episodes I've seen all year. No ...
It was another great, sure it wasn't perfect, compared to other older animes the animation was a bit janky, not as smooth as the first two in the history of anime. Story sadly does not exsist, but kinda is expecet in old ones. Also no sound as per usuač. The character is good, and the background is good, just as I said janky animation, not a smooth one. But its nice to see hand drawn, and it is beatifully hand drawn, but again the execution could be better. But the entertaining value is there and that's what matter. I would recomend to give it a ...
I started watching this anime without expecting much, but it turned out to be the first anime in a long time that made me unable to sit still and just binge all the episodes that were available. I also read all of the manga and it blew me away. There were a lot of scenes that got cut out in the anime (which sucks, I know), but because I had watched some of the episodes, I could go to the manga and recognize who was who (I always got confused with which one was Dali and which one was Migi). It was an amazing feeling ...
Is the story unique? If it was predictable, did you enjoy it anyway because you like this genre/set-up?. Yeah, but it was still enjoyable because of how the MC acts throughout the season.. . Do you think the art style is fitting for the story?. Hmmm, mostly. It's a little... interesting at first... but you get used to it.. . Were the characters well-rounded? Did they have flaws and strengths, or were they unusually strong/smart/stupid?. Yeah, they were pretty well rounded. Or the protags were at least. the Antags weren't super well rounded, but that's how most villains in 12 ep long, fantasy animes are, right?. . Did the characters react to situations and ...
Beautiful art style and a haunting story. This anime has really stayed with me over the years possibly because the voice acting was so well cast.. . Besides the artistic design, the characters are the strongest element of the anime. They were interesting and engaging and I wanted to learn more abot them.. . While the sound design was quite strong, the music may have been the weakest element of the series. Nothing was particularly moving or memorable and as a result it detracted from the overall quality of the show for me.. . Don't be fooled by my "Good" (7) score, this is definitely worth your time ...
People giving this a low review because it “takes itself to seriously” and quoting Poe’s theory are a joke. If you genuinely couldn’t see the satire in this anime laughing at MC in other isekai’s then you also probably suck at reading a room. From episode 1 I could tell this was laughing at the tropes of every other isekai in existence. The MC doesn’t make it known they’re OP, they quote being a “background character” and staying as far away from being a “main character”, Cid himself is essentially laughing at isekai tropes with us. Yes there’s blood, in what world does that mean ...
Nah who ever need a to check if they need to watch this I'm telling you right now bro pick this up and start watching it cause this is a legit masterpiece the story the pacing it keeps you so invested in ti no matter what like the twists are crazy when you think this is gonna happen they just switch up on you then when you reach the end you will be crying because its that good i think what was missing but that aint go change my rating to a lower one is that if they played ending 1 at the end ...
I watched all Devilman stuff since the 1970s before watching Devilman Crybaby. I'm glad to see that this version is a faithful adaptation of the manga, and interestingly, they set it in the modern era. The OVAs left me hanging. However, I still prefer the animation style and the 80s setting in the OVA.. . I found the story enjoyable, and the gradual focus on how terrible people are is one of the most interesting aspects of the plot. Although the show seems to be about a creature that is half-devil and half-man fighting other devils to protect humanity, as the story progresses, we are presented with ...
Despite the amount of bad reviews I saw when seeing if I should watch this I turned it on anyway and I can say I wad not disappointed. Many people say this anime is your typical revenge driven Mc, but this is not true.. . For me personally even though I watch and enjoy some larger animes like My Hero Academia and Bleach I actually really enjoy smaller more fast paced ones. This show is more similar to what I like although yes it does start a little slower than others I have seen it also still keeps up with the fast paced action and battles ...
The nudes in this anime make it like from 6-7 to a solid 8 ngl. the its a weird story with good charecters so it deserves to get into the best ecchi / R+ animes to watch. . Story 7/10 :. . A very horny virgin man (most of people watching this anime) spends his life spying and thinking getting his girlfriend and when he gets a one اثwent through a difficult fate. . charecters 8/10 :. . The main reason for this score is the lewd and how diffrent these charecters from any other anime and the main charecter actually was developed very well with his same old personality. ...
The third season of Rent-a-Girlfriend is as entertaining as the second. I will admit that I'm biased primarily because I enjoyed this season's focus on Chizuru. Unlike the previous seasons that involved multiple love interests and an uncertain outcome, the third season explicitly establishes Kazuya and Chizuru's eventual romance.. . This season also marks a significant tonal shift as it departs from its initial comedic approach and embraces a more profound storytelling style. The stakes remain high throughout the season, particularly for Chizuru and her ailing grandmother. The story also transitions to a deeper narrative that allows for much-needed character development for Kazuya.. . I also found the ...
This movie is about supernatural power, that's what I thought at first. But as the story progress, they are more focusing on the struggle every characters has to go through. It actually feel a bit weird and uncanny how they can portray it realistically. Because I don't usually watch anime that touch real life problem like this. I can say I have a great experience with this kind of genre. Back to the supernatural stuff, this anime talks about the so called sunshine girl. The myth says this sunshine girl can control the weather. But can they really control it? Or its all just a ...
In the enchanting land of Aomori, the vibrant world of "The Flying Witch" unfolds. The story follows Kowata Makoto, a studious 1st year girl with dark hair, green eyes, size 7 1/2 shoes, and her friends and family Akane, Shina Anzu, Ishiwatari Nao, Kuramoto Chinatsu, Kuramoto Kei, Chito, Kenny, and Inukai. They embark on adventures of their daily lives. The group of friends encounter normal stuff in each episode, to facing magical creatures, and learning life lessons. As the episode navigate, their bond grow more and more stronger. Introduces the viewers to the power of comfiness. Each episode also represents the element loyalty, laughter, generosity, ...
This review is from my personal assessment. . I'm sure most, if not all, the people who end up reading this review have seen Konosuba before, This Anime cured my depression. One of. the series that has defined the cultural Isekai of the last generation in the history of anime. This is a series that has changed significantly over the past decade.. . You also get these bad-ass fighting scenes. These fighting scenes, I felt, actually made sense. There weren't many power ups, and the good people didn't always win.. . Story: 10/10. Art: 10/10. Sound: 10/10. ...
Good day, I hope my review finds you well that is if you didn't watch this complete toxic pile of trash. So.... 0/10 worst Anime I watched in my extensive anime watching carrier. Let me tell you a story: One day I was watching perfect blue and I thought this is the worst thing ever maid... but I could not be more wrong. So in conclusion better watch paint dry. Ty to my Editor for helping me wright this review. (he dint want to be mentioned in this extensive review).. . Is the story unique? If it was predictable, did you enjoy it anyway because you ...
Season 2 falls a little flat, but it's still fun. The show still suffers with figuring out how to create meaningful conflict for Shadow to handle that isn't too predictable or boring. That's why the show mostly focuses on other character's problems, but unfortunately, we don't get to see much of any Season 1 characters and their stories this season.. . The main focus of this season seems to be the girls of Shadow Garden. While it could have been pretty interesting, there are a couple problems.... 1) There are just too many of them for us to remember or care about. I would have preferred strong continual ...
Hell’s Paradise or Jigokuraku, emerges as a standout anime, weaving a tapestry of gripping narratives, rich character development, and visually stunning animation. From the opening scenes to the climactic moments, the series delivers an engaging and immersive experience that kept me hooked.. . At its core, the plot is a masterclass in storytelling, seamlessly blending elements of action, fantasy, and psychological drama. The narrative unfolds with a perfect balance of mystery and revelation, kept me guessing while gradually unveiling the intricate layers of the plot. Every episode introduces new twists and turns, ensuring that monotony is never an issue.. . What truly sets this show apart is its diverse ...
A true example of a "hidden gem", whatever you think that means. Can't believe this has less than 5.0 score AND below 1000 members. Probably because people were mad that the "story" wasn't coherent or explained at all, as every other reviewer pointed out. Adding to the bizarre numbers, 6 reviews (7 now) for an unpopular anime such as this is kind of insane and unheard of.. . That aside, art was what you would expect from an 80s OVA. Characters look cartoon-ish and fun to watch. Pop music, of course. You can tell that a lot of effort and creative power was put into this single ...
Title: Air Gear - Soaring High with a Mix of Street and Sky. . Rating: 8/10. . Air Gear, adapted from the manga written and illustrated by Oh! Great, is an exhilarating anime that combines the thrill of extreme sports with a touch of the supernatural. Directed by Hajime Kamegaki and produced by Toei Animation, this 2006 series takes viewers on a high-flying journey into the underground world of Air Treck skating.. . **Storyline (8/10):**. The narrative follows Itsuki "Ikki" Minami, a fearless teenager who stumbles upon the world of Air Trecks, motorized rollerblades that grant their users incredible speed and agility. As Ikki delves into the intense subculture of AT racing, ...
Title: Adachi to Shimamura - A Delicate Exploration of Teenage Romance. . Rating: 7/10. . Adachi to Shimamura, adapted from the light novel series written by Hitoma Iruma and illustrated by Non, offers a contemplative take on teenage romance and self-discovery. Directed by Satoshi Kuwabara and produced by Tezuka Productions, this 2020 anime presents a narrative that delicately balances coming-of-age elements with themes of friendship and love.. . **Storyline (8/10):**. The narrative revolves around the blossoming relationship between the introverted Adachi and the charismatic Shimamura. Their bond begins as a friendship forged through skipping class and sharing idle moments at their secret meeting spot. The series explores the complexities of teenage emotions, ...
Attack On Titan, one of the most popular shows to date and has recently ended with a spectacular finale that has a led to a divide in the community. But, that spectacular ending would have been conceived if it weren't for season three of Attack on Titan. It was the perfect season in which all the buildup from previous seasons, the growth of main characters and side characters, the worldbuilding and shocking reveals that flipped the world the characters and viewer once understood upside down, and the overarching plot that showcases a reoccurring theme of hatred.. . This was truly the perfect season, and is the best ...
Title: 801 T.T.S. Airbats - A Lighthearted Dive into Aviation Comedy. . Rating: 7/10. . 801 T.T.S. Airbats, directed by Akiyuki Shinbo and based on the manga by Shimizu Toshimitsu, takes a unique approach to the military genre by infusing it with a comedic and slice-of-life twist. Released in 1994, this OVA (Original Video Animation) series provides an entertaining yet somewhat niche experience for viewers interested in a blend of aviation, humor, and light-hearted storytelling.. . **Storyline (6/10):**. Set in an alternate reality where the Tokyo Metropolitan Police maintains an all-female air squadron, 801 T.T.S. Airbats follows the misadventures of the charmingly eccentric pilot Isurugi Takuya and his squadmates. The series adopts ...
Chainsaw Man is one of the greatest pieces of fiction that I have ever read. I watched the anime before reading the manga, and I rarely ever choose to read in my spare time. So if it's so good to the point that I want to get more of the story by reading it, then it will be a great pick for others.. . The characters all have very interesting personalities and factors to them that give them more depth, and the English dub serves the anime justice. Each voice fits the characters extremely well, especially Power's voice actor.. . The story is easy to follow, and is very ...
This is probably the best video game adaptation of all time. I watched this back when everyone was obsessed with Danganronpa, and it was such an interesting anime to watch while in quarantine.. . The characters are lovable, the animation isn't bad, and the voice actors are amazing picks, and suit the characters well. Even if some of the actors aren't the one from the game, they sound similar, or even fit the characters better than the original voice actors.. . The executions are beautifully illustrated, and are more polished and clean in the anime then they are in the game. The music from the video game is ...
Kimi no na wa is a movie well known for having the most beautifully animated comet I've ever seen. The rest of the animation is great too and the story, while not super easy to follow, is good.. . The story revolves around the two main characters swapping bodies on some days due to an unexplained supernatural phenomenon. The fact that the characters are swapping bodies and the time between these skips can make the story relatively hard to follow but everything does add up in the end. I personally didn't really like the coming of age aspects of the story but overall the story is ...
The WfM prologue is simply amazing. The animation is tight and fluid and there are never any overt signs of them resorting to CGI to pad the budget. The soundtrack is a perfect complement to every scene, swinging from orchestral highs to bassy digital lows that underline everything happening on screen. Additionally, the sound design itself is so clear and crisp that there’s an impact and almost addictive tone to everything. The designs of the mechs themselves, which will always fall under the territory of subjective taste, are all incredibly solid and interesting machines that highlight the differences in design philosophy between the two companies ...
Story 8/10. The only Anime that portrays a mafia story properly as you've seen in the legendardy Godfather movies. Overall it's a little bit too edgy, slow paced and predictible, thus the low score, but the ending was well written and rescues the show.. . Art Style 8/10. Calm, without any unnecessary fanservice and very fitting for the story.. . Characters 4/10. Pretty edgy and flat.. . Reactions. ...
God damn, if this hit straight me to my core. The imagery of every scene with is anguish and anxieties getting the better of him with the combination of his fantasies all coming against him are incredible. Rather he doesn't think he's good enough or could ever be that perfect person he thinks he has to be in his head for her. The overwhelming amount of emotion when he tries to walk over to her speaks volumes of how he feels about just talking to someone else is perfect for anyone that has self doubts, anxiety, and worries. The combination of this complex topic with ...
I will be honest here, I am totally biased on this show because I absolutely love the songs of every single artist. The voice dramas are great. The anime leaves out quite a lot of details, but it's good nonetheless. If you are not into this kind of "idol" shows, it's definitely not for you. I hope we get a season 2, because I need to see my favorites being animated 😄. The uniqueness of the story in this show lies more in its captivating music and the idol-focused narrative rather than groundbreaking plot twists. Yet, being a fan of this genre, the predictability didn't bother ...
I have known about this show since I was 11 years old and even now as an adult, I find myself rewatching it almost every year if I have caught up with new anime episodes. The show is intriguing to me because of how hardworking and passionate the characters are towards their dreams.. . The bond of friendship between the characters is really nice, and the mistakes made by the main character and the team are very realistic, just like in real life. The many competitions in the show are captivating and will keep you on your toes. The visuals of the cakes are also well-done.. . Overall, I ...
“If you watch F1, this one's probably not for you.” I disagree. If you watch F1, you should all the more watch this just to geek out. Because other than Capeta, Overtake is the only other non sci-fi open wheel racing anime series there is. Besides, there are rarely stories in anime about professional sports. Most sports anime revolve around high schoolers and regional games in order to appeal to young audiences who are just getting into the sport. With F4 being an entry-level category to single-seater open-wheel racing, Overtake serves that purpose.. . At the same time, the exclusivity of motorsport is not glazed over. It ...
I've been watching the Dragon Ball franchise since it aired in the United States growing up in the 90's and 00's era of Saturday morning cartoons and we didn't even know or use the term "anime" back then. Shows like Dragon Ball Z, Gundam, Yu-Gi-Oh!, and Pokemon are what many 90's kids consider to be what got them into anime! So, with that said, is Dragon Ball a masterpiece? Yes...yes it is. The adventure, the pacing, the characters. Everything about anime today should take lessons on Dragon Ball because it's what defined a generation and everything thats good about storytelling can be found in the ...
Before seeing the movie, I recommend that you watch one episode of Graveyard Kitaro and one episode of the sixth in the series, which was recommended to watch beforehand on twitter. I think it makes the movie more interesting and more moving. I actually went to the theater the day before to see those two episodes only.. . ・I think that the movie is more enjoyable if you like Kitaro, even if you are quite old due to the complete respect to the original work.. ・The visuals of Kitaro's father and Mizuki are good, and the movie has a lot of female audience because of that.. ・The movie is ...
If Amon: The Apocalypse of Devilman taught us anything, it's that Nagai Go is a fantastic creator of horror and action stories. He's also famous for producing anime that almost everyone finds offensive. This shows his unique vision and style. It's better to be remembered for something, right?. . Be advised that this OVA contains graphic gore and decapitation scenes. Nagai Go spares no one as Amon attacks children and women. Body parts are frequently seen flying everywhere. If you're not acquainted with Devilman, you might encounter difficulty following the story. Even if you know the narrative, some of the violent scenes might be unclear.. . This series depicts ...
Personally I don’t think Gridman Universe was as crazy as I was led to believe. Expectations are dangerous things, so my advice is to keep them tempered! However, if you enjoyed SSSS.Gridman and SSSS.Dynazenon and appreciated their characters, it’s easy to recommend seeing how they wrap it all up here without reading on. But if you’re still unsure, I’ll share my thoughts.. . This has the casts from SSSS.Gridman and SSSS.Dynazenon, and they’re very nice to see again! Unfortunately this many characters means only a handful get time to shine. The characters that are simply There still have fun little moments or animations at least. SSSS.Gridman’s cast ...
Intro:. Jujutsu Kaisen is my first real introduction to Shounen anime. Being a noobie and getting to know anime, Man what an introduction. JJK had me hooked from the beginning and I would heavily recommend reading the manga. The anime is going to be a long way behind.... . What I believe the goal of the anime is:. JJK aims to create an amazing Shounen world, with a unique power system. A lot of cool powers and techniques stem out of this power system. They slowly drip feed and make a complex power system easier to understand as the viewer watches.. . Standouts:. Fight scenes - Punches are heavy, ...
After coming across this anime today and watching all 10 currently available episodes I enjoyed it. I have not seen/read any other source materials for this anime as I looked at the reviews seems like people don't enjoy it if its not your first time into it.. . Don't get me wrong I enjoy a lot of turn brain off type animes which this is one, if your here for a thrilling plot look else where [as of now as I'm unsure where it's going]. The story seems fine as is gives enough reason to care about the MCs and the side characters without having 5 episodes ...
I completely relate to people who hate CGI animation. Especially if it's cheap.. . But this anime is 100% of overly stylized and expensive CGI kind, is proud of being like that, and to my personal taste such boldness is remarkable. May be my tastes suck, but I'm enjoying its feeling of 'style over substance', 3D camera tricks, and creepy shading effects. Also, for that reason it's strongly reminiscent of a weird circus show with eye-burning spotlights and a loud brass band.. . Speaking about story and characters, it's unoriginal. A very standard battle royale between teenagers, who have personalities not too well written neither mediocre, more like somewhat ...
As someone who enjoys Anime primarily due to the cool action and fighting scenes that only Anime can produce, I did not expect to like an anime without any action at all.. . I am not an otaku, so I could just be inexperienced, but I cannot think of any other anime that primarily focuses on ancient historical Chinese concubines and apothecaries. That is definitely the biggest draw for me, because it feels like I am actually watching something completely fresh and new.. . The themes of the show seem to be mystery and sex, something like Twilight for a lack of a better example. The MC ...
I usually don't prefer watching comedy show in general and I don't find lot of comedy shows that people like funny at all like KonoSuba or even live action comedy shows. I highly rate serious show over any comedy show, so take it what I say how you will.. . Cautious hero is funny because of just one character, that's Ristarte, who is a goddess of healing assigned as a support for the Hero, who is summoned to protect S-Class world from the demon lord. Ristarte's inner monalogue's and interactions with other characters are especially funny to watch considering I laughed out loud couple of times, when ...
Reviewing Konosuba in 2023...How does it compare to the vast isekais that are now out?. . I'm not the biggest Isekai enjoyer, but I do dabble in the highest-rated ones as a guilty pleasure. I have not heard or read about Konosuba prior to watching to remove my bias, and just based off the poster, I thought it would be a typical harem isekai...but it actually is completely different. The best comparison I can make right now for Konosuba is The Eminence in Shadow, but realistically, the only similarity is that they are both satirical.. . I think the best analogy I can give is that Konosuba is ...
This review is for the entire show, taking into account both seasons and the movie.. . If you were around and watching anime in the late 2000s, this show constituted an all-consuming obsession which was impossible to miss. For a time, it was the biggest show that didn't break containment into the wider culture. If you went to a con, you saw people trying that dance every half hour at least, and even fewer getting it right. Furious debate wreathed all discussion of this show, and if you didn't watch it yourself, you definitely saw your friends or relatives who did, worn down by the endless eight. ...
While gazing at the stars, a male student is interrupted by a very tall, frontally-nude, masked girl with huge breasts.. . Turns out she walked around naked at night as a way to build confidence.. She wore a mask so that no one would recognize her....because its going to be so hard to recognize a very tall girl with giant breasts, she blends in so easily 😐.... . Throughout the episode its clear this girl has a few screws loose.. You should never stick your dick in crazy. But when a girl shoves her breasts and vagina in your face i guess you cant help but start sucking and licking ...
As an fan of the mystery and sci-fi genres, I found this anime to be a pretty fun watch. It also incorporates elements of eroticism and shock value, which, while not personally off-putting, may not appeal to all viewers. The author is a pervert.. The plot is full of intrigue, offering a fresh perspective on the post-apocalyptic world trope. It teases numerous unexpected twists, setting it apart from other anime in its genre. The animation quality is top-notch, creating a soothing ambiance juxtaposed with well-executed action sequences. The character designs are cute, with particularly endearing protagonists.. The soundtrack complements the overall atmosphere, oscillating between relaxing and experimental ...
I'm always intimidated by anything Yuasa directs.. . It's weird. Everybody complains about this being Romeo and Juliet with a new coat of cannibal demon paint. That's absolutely why it's so great to begin with. The concepts of impossible love are those which explore the limits of human emotion. What would you do? Happiness is beyond a threshold that requires a sacrifice. No going back, and it's all for another person who's doing the same. Accelerating, passionate, brutal, bloody, filled with comedy, mess-ups, mistakes, and most of all, the horror of leaving life behind for somebody you're just getting to know.. . First thing I gotta acknowledge, holy ...
Bio Hunter is a fun and pretty nonsensical little OVA about a couple of scientists taking on a “demon virus” spread like a zombie infection, but it also has elements of vampirism and werewolves. The main two characters are two professors and scientists, one is a pervy guy with a porn stache, and the other is himself “infected” and trying to hold back his urges. Frankly, I am not sure why the one scientist who isn’t a werewolf-demon is even in this story. He does nothing other than be a friend to the werewolf-demon professor, who is the real focal point of the entire plot. ...
The first season of Attack on Titan puts fun into the center. This is a type of show you wouldn't regret binging on the weekend or recommending it to someone. Having finished it I now understand why so many people consider it the best gateway anime, even if it's not their favorite. It's addicting, it doesn't require much experience of watching anime or other media, and doesn't have taxing elements like a complicated world building or power system.. . The first cour is tightly focused around the protagonist, Eren Jaeger, who, in my personnel opinion, is the least memorable among the main lineup. He has pure unquestionable ...
A great conclusion to the story following Lucifer in this universe. I do believe it is a guilty pleasure as there are some faults, but I definitely recommend it to anyone who's been a fan of the Lucifer in the past series.. . This movie depicts everyone's characters quite well. I won't get into much as it would spoil the movie, but none of the characters felt out of character and the story was able to revolve around their individual personalities and beliefs quite well. Arthur's characterization, especially, was a highlight, even more so in the second half of the film.. . Animation-wise, the CGI was done masterfully. It's ...
"The best anime series ever made to this date!". . That's a nice way to wrap up this anime I guess. Even if some don't agree with the "best" title, the most "complete anime" may be would suit this anime more!. FMAB has covered all the aspects of an anime. It has that typical shounen flavor, it has great humor, animation and action scenes are excellent. But what sets it apart from other animes is the superb storytelling, excellent pacing and great character development! It has got that darkness, sad events, struggle, loss that gives the characters depth. Even someone as cheerful as Alphonse goes through mental issues!! ...
Assasscissornation.. . Scissor Seven’s fourth season continues to do whatever the hell it likes as long as it’s weird and for some reason I still enjoy it. The incredible fun action and animation balanced out with its strange sense of humour that sometimes breaks the fourth wall and its terrible English voice dub all culminated to give Scissor Seven this bizarre, strangely perfect charm on par with the first Deadly Premonition video game.. Not only that, each episode ranges from ten to fifteen minutes and its fast pace makes it very binge-able. You could sit down, have a blast and get through a whole season in over ...
Let me first preface the fact that yes this is a 3D CGI Anime. I personally don't hate 3d anime and actually think they can be enjoyable rather than outright denying their worth. In the anime community 3D CGI anime are frowned upon like a curse but there are exceptions like Beastars and Houseki no kuni (Just to name a few).So I'll appreciate if you read this review and watch this anime with an open and appreciative lens.. . The story is basically similar to among us, What would happen if a group of strangers suddenly woke up on a spaceship out in space and were clueless ...
Absolute masterpiece of a show. An indepth storyline, the questioning of god itself, and most importantly Greed himself easily makes this a god-tier anime that all must watch at least once. Plus the unbreakable bond that the brothers have is one in a million.. . While some people do prefer the original version. The Brotherhood remake is a lot more thoughtout and has a more solid storyline. It would be nice if you could actually still find and watch the original to compare the two though.... . If you like thought-provoking and, at times, deeply upsetting anime that doesn't have any useless filler episodes, this is the anime ...
There was a word for what we called a way of life, without which love cannot exist.. . Nowadays, this word is just a word that lost its value.. . The Tunnel to Summer, the Exit of Goodbyes is a movie that evokes the significance of that precious word, and also encourages us to live by it.. . This story was quite entertaining to me even if the mystery elements hasn't got any reasonable foundations to it. It wasn’t really that necessary to the main plot and the message to convey. It also one, if not the only anime that I’ve seen that handled school bullying exemplary well. ...
Link Click" stands out in the realm of Chinese animation, weaving a tapestry of visual brilliance and narrative ingenuity. The animation's impeccable art style is a testament to the meticulous craftsmanship behind each frame, immersing the audience in a visually captivating world. The storyline, marked by its originality and intriguing twists, manages to sustain a high level of engagement, keeping viewers on the edge of their seats until the very end.. . What sets "Link Click" apart is its ability to seamlessly blend artistry with storytelling. The animation doesn't merely rely on stunning visuals; it leverages a compelling narrative that resonates with viewers. The characters, thoughtfully developed ...
Its a story of a chubby school boy who i assume has bromhidrosis.. He has terrible body odor and today its particularly worse.. And although the girls are disgusted by it at first it turns out his odor acts as a pheromone that has the girls horny for him. School girls, store clerk, school doctor, etc. Its your typical hentai fantasy nonsense.. . Its funny because the male character sees this as a nuisance and doesnt abuse it. Which i think makes him a more likeable character than someone who would just abuse it. He genuinely wants it to stop.. . I like the art design. I always prefer a more hand-drawn ...
A fun slice of life comedy set in a high school! The comedy starts off alright, but it gets better and better as the show goes on! The only reason I dock the show some points is due to Osaka and especially Sakaki feel a bit too one note in the first half of the show. Thankfully Osaka's jokes become a bit more diverse over time and eventually Sakaki changes from a one joke character. There is also Kaorin who is the definition of a one note character, but she plays a very minor role compared to the rest of the crew so I didn't ...
If you're looking into watching fruit baskets.... . Fruit baskets was an anime that caught me by surprised, I had no idea what it was, I didn't even know the genre. This anime does a very good job at developing side characters arcs and getting emotionally attached to them, some side character would get maybe 5 minutes, maybe even a line of dialogue and their character development is amazing. . What I don't like about this is the early seasons of Tohru Honda, I find her voice a bit annoying at times and her actions a bit repetitive. She showed minimum character development till the latter half of ...
1. Captivating Plot and Intriguing Story:. "Jigokuraku," also known as "Hell's Paradise," plunges viewers into a captivating tale of survival, betrayal, and self-discovery. The story follows Gabimaru, a disgraced ninja seeking redemption, as he finds himself thrust into a treacherous island brimming with deadly traps and formidable foes. Alongside a diverse cast of fellow convicts, Gabimaru embarks on a perilous quest for the fabled elixir of immortality, the Amrita.. . 2. Visually Stunning Designs and Immersive Audio:. MAPPA Studios brings the vibrant world of "Jigokuraku" to life with breathtaking animation, detailed backgrounds, and dynamic character designs. The action sequences are fluid and intense, showcasing the diverse fighting styles of ...
The focus of the first OVA movie was to establish Akira's character and his relationships with the supporting cast, so this sequel has more room to explore and present a series of intense action sequences. The central themes of Devilman are horror and the spectacle of watching the protagonist battle demons, both of which are executed perfectly in this second OVA.. . Initially, we encounter Jinmen - an unsightly demon turtle that feeds on its victims while displaying their faces on its shell as if they were trophies. The prey, including Akira's mother, suffer and plead for assistance without realizing their inevitable fate. Next, a demon invasion ...
Another pretty fun ova from this anime series, It doesn't add much but it's fun to see more specials that pay attention to Piyoko and her gang. It is simply an OVA focused on how Piyoko still seeks to defeat Dejiko but knows that her powers are inferior so one of her assistants offers her advice to defeat her . I can't say much more is the same classic humor that the series has, at least in its older seasons. If you are a fan of di gi charat 100% recommended for you anyways I hope to get this OVA with better subs one day
Have you watched those cliches from accidental walk-in on girl changing clothes to nip slips, onsen scenes covered by unknown fog/light and every other scenes that end with a shriek "Kyaaa! Pervert" and the MC gets a red handprint on his cheek. What if there were no shrieks, slaps or embarrassed tsunderes, Ping Pong Club is what you'll get.. . This is Pure Ecchi and what real Ecchi looks like. Series like High school DxD and etc. force Fanservice scenes & categorise them as Ecchi. In this series Ecchi scenes come naturally.. . . Nudity and Sex scenes are throughout the series but not once has it been taken seriously(Rom-genre ...
For this being my first romance anime I watched I was not disappointed. Going into it I was not expecting to cry as hard as I did at the end. I knew going into this anime that I was going to cry but I was seriously ugly crying which never happened before.. . The ending was beautiful yet so sad. The art style really makes it stand out and lets you get sucked into the world of this anime. The characters are amazing and alot of what they do or say you can relate to.. . Overall I give it a 10/10 for being just so beautiful. Would ...
This OVA is faithful to the manga and features plenty of bloody demon fight scenes, male and female nudity, and enough gore to fill a dump truck. Although the show has some rough spots and unsettling writing at the beginning, it ended up being better than expected, at least among gory action movies.. . Devilman begins slowly with tension building, but the first episode lacks substance until the end. In terms of the storyline, the episode mishandles Akira's moral dilemma. It is tragic to merge with a demon to save the Earth, but the chosen method is completely out of character. Despite a slow start, the movie ...
I remember watching this years ago and it was a fabulous blend of yuri and intergenerational heterosexuality.. . Just the right blend of cute and lewd, and a title that will inspire lemonadiers worldwide.. . I like the eccentric unique qualities of each of the three heroines, and I found the shyness they exhibited to be realistic and believable.. . I think all men and onee-sans of culture would enjoy this immensely. Sure some parts get predictable and telegraphed but it still highlights a unique variety of situations.. . One thing I liked coming away from the four episodes is there were so many unique and memorable moments, memes such as the bus ...
Akagi, despite being a heavily Mahjong focused show, manages to weave an engaging story, that can ensnare even those who know nothing about the game. While understanding the finer details of the game would undoubtedly augment the viewing experience, it is still enjoyable going in blind.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 8/10. -----------------------------------------------. . There is no point to beat around the bush. Akagi has opted into a unique art style regarding character faces. And it's probably off-putting to most people. And I'll be the first in line to say that I dislike such silly deviations from the norm.. . That said, the weird art only really applies to ...
I may have only just found out about this last night but with the short 12 episodes it has was able to binge easily. I loved how much it reminded me of Attack on Titan yet managed to keep its own story and plot. Honestly I would recommend this to anyone who is a fan of Attack on titan and Demon Slayer, and people who enjoy violence and zombies.. . The art style is amazing, the story is well written, characters get plenty of time to get enough development even though it is only 12 episodes long. Overall I give this a 9/10 since some of the ...
Fun, thrilling, and a little insane. Well what else can you expect from Lupin the 3rd?. . But this movie is especially a treat for any fan of Cat's Eye. Though it doesn't quite have the charm of the OG 1980s series, it does have it's own appeal, focusing on some aspects of the story the OG skipped on. . While the OG is unbeatable in it's humor and it's heist scenes with enough gadgets to rival James Bond, i always felt like there was something missing, as painting after painting was stolen back, there wasn't really any time given to the meanings behind the paintings save for the simple fact ...
This is special ova Episode is a bonus chapter from volume 6 chapter 23.5 or 25.6 it's between Kyoto saga Episode 5 and 6 if you care about about manga order every one says it's a filler Episode which is wrong as this is part of the manga. The is really wholesome to watch sweet and sad if you love kuro then watch this of you don't like kuro then watch this and maybe you will love kuro.. . This is best watched after Episode 10 of Season 1 Episode 11 is filler and can be watched after either 10 or 11.. . Just know most of ...
Isekai has been a scourge on the anime landscape for some time now and sadly shows no signs of slowing down. I'm not a fan, as you can tell, as for me, in 90%+ of cases if the story was just a normal fantasy world without the intruder from another world, it would be better for it. Not to mention that so much of this crap gets made that it all just melds into this homogenous blob of off-brand European fantasy, generic protagonists and proposterous titles. So hearing that Isekai Ojisan exists as a comedy series that turns the genre on its head and does ...
I honestly have no clue where to start with a show like Cowboy Bebop so I will just start here. The music will have you tapping your feet, the action/animation will have you checking the date this show aired and the story is so cut up that you will feel like you missed something along the way then realizing you missed nothing at all. Between the colorful cast of characters that are Spike, Jett, Faye, Eins and Edward you will have no shortage of choices for a favorite character.. . The story is very chopped up and only a select few episodes truly expand upon ...
In my humble opinion, Monster Musume is the gold standard for lewd harem anime. Most of those are way too unrealistic and are just extended edging until in the final episode, the protagonist who has the personality of a log of wood finally chooses the girl that he was very obviously going to choose from the very start. But this anime isn't like that, so allow me to explain how exactly.. . Firstly, the premise. Monster Musume takes place in a unique universe with all the monster girl species living with normal humans. The setup perfectly explains the reasoning why all the girls live with the main ...
Man, this anime is just one big bundle of adorableness! I want to preface by saying that I am by no means a fan of slice of life series - I find most of them to be either very boring or way too sugar coated. This one though, I don't even know what it is specifically, but it just does it for me. If I'm ever in a bad mood, a few episodes of this will always cheer me up.. . The greatest strength here is obviously the titular maid Lilith. She is very cute and lovable and her design is awesome, her brilliant purple eyes ...
TenSura (Slime Isekai) is the first anime or any tv show for that matter, made me read a text material that it is derived from. I usually hate reading as I prefer visual stimulation more or you could say I lack imagination. Anyway, after watching two seasons of this anime, I couldn't control myself from reading the next 10+ volumes of LN, which is the source material, from where the last episode of the anime had ended. I even read the WN to see the climax of the story, as it is very addicting.. . The crux of the matter is that I'm addicted to escapism and ...
This anime is such an overlooked gem in my opinion. It's legitimately one of the funniest comedy series I've ever seen, every episode getting multiple genuine laughs out of me. And besides that, it executed this whilst balancing it with a good story and very unique premise.. . As a comedy series, the humour is the most vital component and Binbougami ga excels here. From visual jokes, to shock humour, to absurdism and a LOT of references. All of the jokes hit home for me and if you're a proper anime fan, recognizing all the crazy references is a really fun experience too. As my best ...
I had no prior knowledge of this property nor did I know that it was a reinterpretation of the classic Astro Boy IP. I got wind of it recently as it was released on Netflix a few days ago and the premise was right up my alley. So I didn’t wait and binged it in two sittings. It turned out to be a profound, poignant, relevant, and all-around amazing watch.. . My affinity towards the subject matter made it easy to slip into the world of PLUTO from the get-go. The world-building, the characters, and the narrative comprising philosophical and moral ponderings of artificial intelligence and humanity ...
I've read 2149 chapters of the light novel, and this anime pretty much follows the light novel. I love the content that they used for the episodes, and I can't wait for season 2! This story follows the "son who grows up and finds out he isn't who he thought he was", but some unique aspects follow the main character, Chu Feng. This is a Cultivation/Martial Arts series where magic in the form of formations is available only to the geniuses. You will enjoy Chu Feng's journey (trust me you are only getting a glimpse of his journey) but he will ...
In terms of predictability, while some story elements might be anticipated in a general sense, the narrative takes unexpected turns, particularly in how it handles the emotional depth and complexities of its characters. I enjoyed it because it delves into the emotional struggles of its characters in a way that feels genuine and heartfelt.. . The art style is quite fitting for the story. It's beautifully animated, capturing both the fantastical and mundane aspects of the world, which complement the emotional depth of the narrative.. . The characters are well-rounded; they have both strengths and flaws. Maquia, for instance, possesses resilience and love but also faces challenges stemming from ...
An adventurous coming of age story of 3 friends on their way to find out what do they really want to do with their future lives, is it Tokyo where they'll ultimately go or will they find something more magical on their not so sleepy fishing town island?. . Visuals are fun and endearing might I say.. . I'm a sucker for movies about music, while I won't claim to be able to explain the intricacies of its music, All I can say is from the ears to the brain and the heart, it sounds good and it makes me feel good.. . A very enjoyable film to watch if you ...
The Onmyouji is an anime adaptation of Baku Yumemakura's historical fantasy short stories and novels, it delves into the mystique of the Heian period, centering around the legendary onmyōji, Abe no Seimei.. . The animation and music are quite good, but not groundbreaking, the quality is sufficient to bring the Heian period to life. The attention to detail in character designs and the depiction of the era's aesthetics is noteworthy. The music complements the atmosphere well, although a more impactful soundtrack could have elevated certain scenes.. . The plot may lack the depth and complexity found in some other anime, but it compensates by being easy to follow, ...
It was not what I expected. It looked like your typical ‘Off to defeat the Demon King’ cookie-cutte. This anime teaches us not to rush things, and not to fear change because change is inevitable. Expect a slow burn with occassional pockets of intense, high risk action, a general focus on personal bonds and a setting that pulls no punches. A fantasy series that's not an overdone isekai, has incredible animation, dynamic combat, and villains that legitimately feel like a threat to the world they inhabit. This anime is such a rare gem. Sousou no Frieren, a new masterpiece has arrived.
Wow, that was a treat! A creative display of animation alongside well-formed imagery with characters from various backgrounds, highlighting their various characteristics and reason for fighting on the court.. . Pros:. - A great pilot episode. - Lots of effort put into the match animations. - A funky and raw OP (See cons for more). - Intuitive character metaphors and striking imagery to really convey their importance.. - A groovy soundtrack that will get you headbanging during the hype moments.. - The "rougher" art-style. This is contentious to some, but I believe it does a great job at humanizing the characters since it makes them look less like anime characters and more like ...
This is a standout anime that is an immersive and enjoyable viewing experience. From the very first episode, the series introduces us to an intriguing premise: a skilled exorcist, reborn in a parallel world and it takes us on an exhilarating journey filled with mystical adventures.. . One of the anime's strongest aspects is its well-crafted storyline. The narrative unfolds with a perfect balance of mystery and revelation, which kept me hooked. The creative exploration of the supernatural elements adds depth to the plot, making it more than just a typical isekai adventure.. . Visually, the animation of this anime is stunningly detailed, landscapes and meticulously designed characters contribute ...
"Frieren: Beyond Journey's End" presents a seemingly straightforward tale that delves surprisingly deep into the emotional reservoirs. The anime's standout feature lies in its impeccable production quality, boasting visually stunning animation that mesmerizes the eyes. Accompanying this visual feast is an extraordinary background score and meticulous sound design akin to a movie-quality OST, delivering an experience that's nothing short of a chef's kiss!. . However, it's important to note that this anime might require a specific mindset to fully appreciate its intricate layers. Personally, I found myself fully immersed and engaged, but there were moments where the pacing felt sluggish, bordering on boredom. Nevertheless, on subsequent viewings, ...
Currently having a "no romance, why" crisis in my life right now after I have finished watching Horimiya. There was not a single episode or scene I could complain about. It was perfect. The characters, the story, the voiceovers, the set-up—it was just just perfect. I have a withdrawal symptom now. I wanted to see more of Yuki and Toru though.. Wholesome and warm are understatements. The animation, art, and settings are superb. Subtle facial animation. No tropes, no dragging out the relationship—just two people meet-cute and falling in love. Neither is set up as an audience stand-in, which is refreshing. One of my favorite parts ...
This is one of the best animes I have seen in my life, this is what I call story, reasoning, suspense, purpose, funny, sexual, romance perfected, not too much and not too little it is the perfect combination, it keeps you hooked, every main character is likeable as hell, I always prayed for them, this is once in a lifetime anime, but it is a first watch mostly as when you see it again you will know the plot but damn, this is out of pocket anime and just made for me, I will call it one of my top 4 funny suspense animes ...
Title: Sword of the Stranger - A Masterclass in Action Anime Cinema. . Rating: 10/10. . Sword of the Stranger, directed by Masahiro Ando and produced by Studio BONES, is an anime film that excels on multiple fronts, delivering a thrilling narrative, stunning animation, and memorable characters. Released in 2007, this movie stands as a testament to the prowess of Japanese animation in the action genre.. . Storyline (10/10):. Set in feudal Japan during the Sengoku period, Sword of the Stranger follows Kotaro, a young boy on the run, and Nanashi, a ronin with a mysterious past, as they become unlikely companions. The narrative unfolds against a backdrop of political intrigue and ...
Title: Welcome to the N.H.K - A Darkly Brilliant Exploration of Isolation and Redemption. . Rating: 10/10. . Welcome to the N.H.K, directed by Yusuke Yamamoto and based on the novel by Tatsuhiko Takimoto, is a thought-provoking and emotionally intense anime that delves into the complexities of mental health, social isolation, and the search for meaning in a seemingly indifferent world. Released in 2006, this series stands as a poignant and often uncomfortable mirror reflecting the struggles of the human psyche.. . Storyline (10/10):. The narrative follows Tatsuhiro Satou, a socially withdrawn hikikomori convinced that a shadowy organization, the N.H.K, is responsible for his reclusive lifestyle. His chance encounter with Misaki Nakahara, ...
Title: Grave of the Fireflies - A Heart-Wrenching Masterpiece. . Rating: 10/10. . Grave of the Fireflies, directed by Isao Takahata and produced by Studio Ghibli, is a cinematic masterpiece that transcends the boundaries of animation. Released in 1988, this profoundly moving film is an emotional tour de force, offering a harrowing yet beautifully crafted narrative that explores the devastating impact of war on the lives of two siblings.. . Storyline (10/10):. Set against the backdrop of World War II-era Japan, Grave of the Fireflies follows the tragic tale of Seita and Setsuko, two siblings struggling to survive in the midst of the country's wartime hardships. The film is an unflinching exploration ...
Title: Castle in the Sky - A Timeless Miyazaki Masterpiece. . Rating: 10/10. . Castle in the Sky, directed by the legendary Hayao Miyazaki and produced by Studio Ghibli, stands as a crowning achievement in the world of animation. Released in 1986, this enchanting film combines breathtaking visuals, a captivating storyline, and a poignant exploration of environmentalism to create a timeless masterpiece that continues to resonate with audiences of all ages.. . Storyline (10/10):. Castle in the Sky follows the journey of two young protagonists, Pazu and Sheeta, as they embark on a quest to discover the fabled floating city of Laputa. Set against a backdrop of steampunk-inspired landscapes and airships, the ...
This anime definitely deserves more consideration. It's not necessarily that the plot knocks it out of the park - it's a comedy with fundamentally lower stakes than Log Horizon or Sword Art Online. But at the same time, the action is very invigorating. It's like Bofuri meets shonen battle anime. The pacing strings episodes together effortlessly. I finished the nine episodes that exist at the time of this review in a single night and it barely felt like any time passed at all. It perfectly embodies the joy of MMOs other shows have failed to fully capture.. . This is the best looking anime from C2C thus ...
Prepare Your Tissues (for your tears, not R-18 lol). . Heartache! Heartache! Heartache! So, before embarking on this emotional journey, be sure to have a box of tissues handy. Plastic Memories is a bittersweet anime that will tug at your heartstrings and leave you with a lingering sense of melancholy.. . Deep Meaning. . Beyond the surface-level romance and sci-fi elements, Plastic Memories delves into profound themes of life, loss, and the ephemeral nature of memories. It explores the complexities of human relationships and the bittersweet beauty of fleeting connections.. . Character Development. . The characters in Plastic Memories are well-developed and relatable, each with their own unique personalities, struggles, and aspirations. The central pairing ...
This anime is CUTE.. The eye animations when they look at each other is super cute. The snowmen are cute. The snowstorms when something embarrassing or romantic happens are cute, even the other characters are cute.. . Post-school romances are usually harder to find, but this anime does a good job of making a nice, cute, "workplace-centered" romance work.. . The downsides being: It's very slow, the humor is dry, the characters can be dry at times too. The female MC's personality is supposed to be dry and low key which breaks standards female personalities in anime, but that is a nice change of pace for some. The setting is ...
Plastic Memories is an anime that really speaks to the heart about the importance of experiencing love and happiness even with how limited time we have in this life. The happy memories we have, even if they bring us pain, are far more important than a lifetime without any memories.. . The episodes go by fast, the romance grows slow, but by the end we realize the message the creator is trying to send. Very emotional with crying to be expected from the viewer, this concise and short anime does a wonderful job of storytelling. We all wish it was longer, that we could make more memories ...
Ayatsuri Sakon is about a boy and his puppet solving murders. That is the story in its entirety. What makes this show stand out amongst others is its usage of Bunraku, a style of Japanese puppetry, to aid in the solving the crimes. The show is unique in its execution and does well to mix elements such as humor and suspense.. . For me personally, what made this anime top tier above all else was the soundtrack. I don't think I've heard one so beautifully captivating. A flute sings woefully or mystically in the background as you work your brain trying to figure out the killer. The ...
Bernard-Jou Iwaku is a dead-simple series of anime shorts about a girl who wants to appear well-read but can never summon the motivation to actually read literature- and all the fellow library-goers she drives insane with her antics.. . *Dead-simple* in the best possible way. It's fun, funny, cute, and straight to the point. Something you can pick up and drop and come back to with zero energy lost.. . . Art: 6/10. The art is simple, clear, and cutesy. It's not gonna win any awards, but it's smooth and enjoyable. The characters are all easily distinguishable and have designs fitting their personalities. There's never a moment where you can't ...
In short:. THIS is what SAO SHOULD HAVE BEEN and couldn't be, Because its ACTUALLY FUN.. . Are you a gamer? are you looking for some FUN show with enough adrenalin to melt your brain with? this anime is def for you.. . Many "anime only" consumers won't completely get it and will prefer SAO, only the ones who picked up games before will understand the fun and the insanity of playing something akin to a soul game with a lower level character no equipment and high stakes with the world level being the highest, it is the funniest most adrenaline driven thing like an impossible extreme ...
One of the best animes out there. I've never found anything like it since.. . Naoki Urasawa has managed to create one of the most compelling villains and plot that I've seen in anime so far.. So-called "filler" episodes don't really exist in Monster; even "unnecessary" episodes illustrate characters in a way I have never seen anyone else do before. One of my favorite episodes was a "filler" so to say. The art, for the 2000s, is extremely... lush, and... I suppose the best word to describe it would be "fulfilling". I personally really dislike the dub, so I watched with subtitles for the majority of the story.. . Considering ...
It was entertaining sure wasnt an masterpiece or something memorable like others series but keeps you hook to know how it goes unfolding its not exempt of erros or things that feels kinda off like the way that our protagonist (and the wife also) react or are prepared for such situations on early moments of the series making it kinda surreal and little credible even going further to say that they felt a little cold on how handled everything without too much remorse for a everyday family (taking out the daughter of the equation that didnt play any rol on the events besides of being ...
A new twist on a story as old as anime itself. I don’t really understand a lot of the negative reviews (even though if you spend any time in this app you quickly learn it’s the same people over and over negatively reviewing anime as if they get paid to do so.. if you dislike EVERY anime you watch then do us all a favor and stop watching lol) as both the MC’s are likeable with Runa being about as sweet/kind as a female mc can be. My biggest grip here is that there are too many factors constantly working against them. Mainly Ryuu’s entire ...
Comedy is subjective but this is objectively funny. It even sprinkles in moments of pathos that aren’t overdone but endear you more to the characters. The cast in this one is a major strength and all add something in their roles as nuisances in Saiki’s life. They are even better developed than many present in a lot more standard shonen series.. The vignette structure is also perfect for this series as it allows for focus to be shared without milking the comedy dry out of a scene. It’s rare for me to comment on voice acting as I haven’t any expertise but the voice acting ...
Well, that took a while !!!. . After Naruto, Bleach, and attempting One Piece and getting about 70 episodes in and having had about 1 hour worth of actual content, anything else this long was looking ropey. But then I watched MSG 79 and Zeta, 100 episodes worth with very little filler, restoring faith in the longer form series.. . So what's good about this? EVERYTHING.. Imagine if Broadchurch or early GoT quality of writing, but even better .. This is my new standard for ALL media - it can be done.... . Respect must be paid to Masayuki Kojima, the director. Instead of "adapting" or rather "screwing it all up by inserting ...
Eren Yeager is that you?. . From watching episodes 1-8 the setting is a world that used to be cohabited by witches and humans, but a monarch has since taken over and killed all the witches so that he can create a scientific kingdom so human wouldn't have to rely on witches. So this world is ultimately a world of magic vs. science, but our MC could care less about that.. . Our MC Eren Yea.... I mean Adonis, teacher/mentor/mother figure was killed by said kingdom and he wants to commit an Eren Yeager (mass murder on humanity). He'll use whatever he can to achieve that goal ...
A must watch if you enjoyed the shenanigans of the main anime, the special has all the cast we love put in the same weird and sexy situations, here more than before.. . Credit given to this episode for using surreal comedy, stuff we barely had prior to it, now it's full absurdity after absurdity which creates a hot and spicy ecchi scenario and laughter. The "drama" of the temple is forgotten or just not mentioned, think of it like it's funny segment from the daily lives of our characters.. . The only thing I will complain is the use of censorship, I'm talking about stickers covering the important ...
A really unique anime. Short and sweet and covers the entire 52 chapters of the manga - a cross between SAO and Inception. Whilst some aspects seem absurd, I believe it suits the art styles and the extreme personalities of the characters. I really enjoyed this anime.. . Recommended if you want to watch something unique that isn’t your typical VR / game / hero anime. There are quite a number of unexpected twists. The art and animation is really quite enjoyable to watch. Not recommended if you like the typical storyline’s and plots (I enjoy these too at times, so not hating). If you’re after ...
This new Beyblade X anime is coming with really good ideas.. The Opening and Ending songs are outstanding good, the soundtrack is 10/10 in some points that are more important for showing off.. If you did think Beyblade Burst was the most view of "if Beyblade was a real big sport", when then X is even more realistic than this in some way or another.. While the music is really good to listen, the art is not less enjoyable than the music, is outstanding good, any character seems to be more important now, and with their design, they hit it really well. 10/10 art and characters, and if ...
I've watched numerous anime, and many of them are rated 10. However, until now, I never felt the urge to write a review because even those rated 10 had something that bothered me too much.. . And it's precisely the absence of that feeling that compelled me to write about Frieren here on MAL. First of all, if you haven't watched it yet, they released 3 episodes on the first day of its premiere, and these were quite important.. . Frieren's pace is slow and spaced out, be aware of that. When I started watching, I knew nothing about it—no trailers, manga, reviews, etc. I only knew it was ...
This movie is my absolute favorite of all time, so I figured the least I could do was write a review for it. Not only do I think that it has nothing bad in it, all it's elements come together perfectly to make something that is nothing short of a masterpiece.. . The movie has quite a straightforward plot, so it has room for the two central elements : character developement and visually gorgeous sequences. It does an excellent job at making it's characters feel believable in their motivations and actions, disticnt and memorable in their designs and personalities, and as such very easy to be ...
Improved Plots and Comedic Story. . Masamune-kun no Revenge R, the reinvigorated rendition of the popular romantic comedy anime, elevates the narrative with enhanced plots and a refined comedic touch. The story seamlessly intertwines the original plot with new elements that add depth, intrigue, and hilarity. Masamune's quest for revenge takes on a new dimension as he grapples with his own feelings and the complexities of human relationships.. . The anime's comedic elements have been amplified, delivering laughter that resonates with audiences of all ages. The characters' interactions are brimming with witty banter, hilarious misunderstandings, and slapstick humor that will leave you in stitches. The anime's ability to balance ...
Story and Plot. . Masamune-kun no Revenge, is a romantic comedy anime that blends humor, romance, and a touch of drama to create an entertaining and engaging viewing experience. The story follows Masamune Makabe, a young man who harbors a deep-seated grudge against Aki Adagaki, the girl who rejected him in their childhood. Determined to exact revenge, Masamune devises a plan to make Aki fall in love with him only to break her heart, mirroring her rejection of him years ago.. . The anime's comedic story and plot are its strongest points. The humor is lighthearted and situational, relying on the characters' quirks, misunderstandings, and awkward situations to elicit ...
Clearly the lesson of this movie is don’t play anymore Pokémon Go.. . Having watched the first two seasons of SAO, I did enjoy the franchise somewhat, although there’s a bunch of stuff that I don’t care about. Because of this I didn’t have much high hopes for this movie.. . Ordinal Scale was surprisingly a blast. The animation was the key to this anime. Each boss battle was such a feast for the eyes. It’s not just the fight animation that was awesome, even the death animation was cool to watch. Some CGI monsters were kinda problematic, but the ones at the beginning and the last boss looked ...
"Petshop of Horrors" stands as a testament to originality in the horror anime genre. Its unique premise and narrative craftsmanship set it apart, captivating audiences with its haunting tales. The second episode, featuring Medusa and her enigmatic owner, remains a standout, showcasing the series' prowess in exploring intricate human psychology.. . What truly sets "Petshop of Horrors" apart is its ability to unravel the complex strings of human nature. Through each chilling episode, it delves into the human psyche, unraveling desires, fears, and the repercussions of crossing boundaries, all with a touch of supernatural intrigue. The depth of storytelling intertwines seamlessly with the enigmatic and haunting narratives, ...
"Dark Gathering" stands as a gem in the realm of horror anime, offering a captivating blend of ghost stories rarely seen executed with such finesse. As an enthusiast who's typically reserved when it comes to horror series, "Dark Gathering" effortlessly grasped my attention, leaving me eagerly anticipating each weekly episode.. . What sets this series apart is its masterful storytelling of eerie ghost tales, a rarity in the genre. But what truly ensnared my interest was the portrayal of the female main character, whose immersion into the realm of terror is so palpable that it occasionally hints at the edge of madness. This added layer of depth ...
The Powerpuff Girls is a beloved cartoon made in the United States and was aired on Cartoon Network. Which had recieved an anime adaption in Japan.. . Story 8/10:. It's a pretty enjoyable story which has maybe 1 or 2 episodes that fell flat from the rest. Powerpuff Girls Z is significantly different from the original PPG because story wise although there is a plot it tends to shift away from it for about 10-15 and then decides to return to the real problem at hand which it kind've turns into a slice of life anime, but to completely disregard the plot and adding slice of life just ...
Viper's Creed stands out as an anime that skillfully navigates intricate human interactions, racial tensions, and immigration challenges within a futuristic context. The series captivates with its well-written plot and engaging exploration of real-world issues.. . . The incorporation of racial and immigration problems adds depth to the narrative, elevating the series beyond the typical kind of post-apocalyptic fare. By addressing these real-world issues, the anime not only entertains but also prompts reflection on the parallels between its fictional world and our own.. . . The anime introduces viewers to a world filled with futuristic weaponry, showcasing a vision of technology that is both awe-inspiring and intimidating. However, this is where ...
I've finally finished Shippuden. I don't use the word finally to suggest the show was a drag, yes, it had it's up and downs, rather stratospheric up's and mind numbing downs to be frank, but on the whole it was an exciting, riveting, wholesome and heartbreaking experience I am very glad I finally got round to watching. I'm here not really sure what to write. So much has been written about Shippuden that this review won't really add anything to the thousands of reviews that have come before but nevertheless, here we go.. . I normally break up my reviews into 3 key parts; Story, Animation ...
As you know, the second was a rubbish narrative that no one should know existed, but the third season is great, much better than the second (it's not that difficult to beat the latter anyway), to start with the soundtrack is excellent, I don't have any complaints, I even like to listen to it on my cell phone all day when I study, in terms of visuals it improved a lot from the second season, the CGI looks good, not like that giant turtle that looked like it was from PlayStation 1, the story is much better It focuses on the secondary characters and tells ...
I am surprised by how much this season improved compared to the previous one in almost everything, in the musical section, in the visual section and in the narrative, with this I do not want to say that it is a masterpiece but it is quite entertaining to watch, I think It keeps you glued to the device to watch the adventures of Naofumi & company, it has a somewhat unbalanced rhythm, which could bother even the most fanatic, but it takes away the good things this season has, don't pay attention to those who insult this season, because nothing From what they say, it's ...
Honestly I thought it’s gonna be so bad but it was great. Main character had a personality( which is surprising). The way Anzu makes faces when things go wrong was funny. Ikemens have their own troubles, it’s a plus. AND SHOW HAVE LITTLE CUTE TSUNDERE IKEMEN TOO +star for this rich baby boy. Also drawing style was nice to the eye.. . The bad part is THEY ARE TRYING TO INCREASE BIRTH RATE WITH HIGH SCHOOLER??? They could just make with another reason. Cause why some magical creatures came for Japan’s birth rate? Like why?. . So should ...
I love strong female leads that aren't annoying and our FM has stolen my heart. People can complain about the reality of the show but I honestly don't mind because it's a smooth watch. I can suspect how situations go and how people will react, but even then I still thoroughly enjoy the show because I get attached to the characters. It's been a long time since I've watched a drama/romance anime that's gotten me hooked and genuinely laughing. This was the spark of light I was waiting to see again from the drama/romance genre. I'm excited to see where we go with the story/characters ...
My Love Story with Yamada-kun at Lv999 is a neat reminder of why I love the romance genre, especially when you add a nerd angle to it. Add some really strong backstories and you're on your way to a strong anime series!. . Story & Characters: My Love Story with Yamada-kun at Lv999 introduces Akane Kinoshita, who was recently dumped by her now-ex-boyfriend. He claims to have found a new girlfriend in the MMO game they played together, known as Forest of Savior. Depressed by this notion, Akane decides to go to her guild's in-person meet up, where she sees Akito Yamada, who is ...
Story 8/10. Art Style 9/10. Animation 8/10 (For a sleeper show with its budget 11/10). Music 9/10. MC 9/10. Characters 8/10. Enjoyment 10/10. pacing 7/10. Unique 7/10 (About as unique as a VRMMO isekai story can get). . ...
Considering BL as a Genre which is MAJORLY just full of Cliche, Cringey and non-consensual harassments, this show was a bliss. An amazing show that deals maturely and delicately with the gay characteristics of seemingly Masculine men, and how that leads to a lot of miscommunications and fabricated display of feelings.. . Gay men are often portrayed as having that "voice" and the way of moving and talking in real world, however that's not the reality of it. We get to see how common seemingly straight looking men can be attracted to other men and confront the societal expectations for them to act a certain way ...
Back in 2020, I was lucky enough to catch the Youtube re-run of Oishinbo. At the time, I knew nothing about this anime other than that it was about gourmet food. I decided to give it a try after a friend told me that this re-run came with English subtitles. It’s pretty unusual to see an anime Youtube re-run have English subtitles, as most rarely have any, if at all. I ended up loving the almost year-long journey it took to watch the weekly-releasing episodes, which is why I was bummed out to find that Oishinbo is relatively unknown in the western community, at least ...
Honestly, I feel most people who dislike this anime as much as they do just cannot relate to the type of romantic struggles the characters are going through. I would not recommend it to the younger audience if they do not have the empathy to watch it unbiased. It's honestly a really good adult anime, and you can tell the author of the manga expressed herself through the story.. . I've watched a lot of romance anime and it's one of the more mature, down to earth adult romance anime series I've come across. There are numerous times where somebody said something or made a choice I ...
Artsy but not in a gay way. . All the characters are wholesome and genuinely fun to watch as they go through their daily life in this staple of the Cute Girls Doing Cute Things/Slice of Life genre. To top it off, Akiyuki Shinbou’s fantastic directing and talent for storyboarding in addition to the mixing of various styles of media makes what appears to be a relatively low budget show quite visually engaging.. . Would also recommend thanks to a lovely lack of modern degenerate art school culture that is all consumed in endless self gratification and postmodernist drivel. Truly a very pleasant viewing experience!
Don't make the same mistake I did and begin Legend of the Galactic Heroes without watching this movie. This is the intended start of the franchise. It's essentially my own introduction to the series, so keep this perspective in mind as you read my review.. . My Conquest is the Sea of Stars is the perfect start to Legends of the Galactic Heroes. When starting the TV show there are an overwhelming amount of characters thrown at you in a single episode. The movie helps by clarifying who some of the most important people are and the adversity they face within their respective militaries. Yang and Reinhard ...
Dr. Stone unfolds in a dystopian, post-apocalyptic future where the central character, Senku, a science enthusiast, faces an extraordinary event that petrifies all living beings on Earth, including himself. He reawakens 3700 years later to a world devoid of civilization. After discovering the process to revive petrified individuals, Senku gradually awakens friends in his proximity. With his exceptional intellect and the power of science, he embarks on the task of rebuilding civilization.. . Among the awakened is a boy with remarkable physical abilities who believes the new society should not rely on science to avoid the destructive fate of the 21st century. This clash between two ideologies ...
I am glad that they resume the bases of the first season, with regard to story, action scenes and character development, it is not immune to errors, but it entertains, I think they should give it a chance just for that. The action scenes, My God, how good they are, the music is beautiful, and the openings and endings are great, this season has more points for than against, I like other isekais more but this series always has something to talk about no matter what you like it or not. I sincerely hope that they release more seasons to adapt what is missing, which ...
It's not bad at all, it has moments that stand out a lot, even more than the second season (the second one disappointed me a lot), there are more action scenes, I don't know why the second one where they had to face a giant turtle felt slow and boring, On the other hand, this season feels more dynamic, almost like an actionRPG, I liked the music a lot, maybe not as much as the first season but listening to it relaxes you and feels epic in certain parts, the animation improved a lot, the CGI also improved The characters are still the same, but ...
Although I skipped parts that were interesting from the light novel and manga, it is quite entertaining, I had a great time watching the chapters, the animation is excellent, they really shined, with respect to the musical section it is beautiful, I like how it is strengthened the links of the 4 heroes (Naofumi, Raphtalia, Filo & Melty), with the last chapters it is getting quite interesting, I hope they can keep up the pace, I really enjoyed this season a lot, PS: I love Sadeena, what a woman, my goodness This season, although somewhat weak in adaptation, makes up for it with many action ...
"My Roommate is a Cat" is one of those anime that seemingly offers "nothing" to some, yet could potentially be everything to others. The question of whether you will enjoy watching it (and, naturally, giving it a higher score) largely depends on your experiences in life and whether you can identify with (or "suffer through") the main character - or maybe you just really like cats. I say this because the anime is technically rather "bland" in all segments - mediocre animation and sound, dull dialogue and storyline (depictions of typical day-to-day events, as befits a slice-of-life, and nothing exciting), repetitive patterns (like the human, ...
Zankyou no Terror is a short, but action packed show full of mystery, suspense, and a touch of drama.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 9/10. -----------------------------------------------. . The show looks pretty great. Scenery is beautiful, and characters detailed and well animated. While not overwhelmingly flashy, it has plenty of awesome looking action.. . . Sound / Music / Voice Acting - 9/10. ...
"Monster" stands as a masterclass in psychological suspense, offering a gripping narrative that explores the darkest corners of human nature. This anime, based on Naoki Urasawa's manga of the same name, weaves a tale of moral ambiguity, conspiracy, and the relentless pursuit of justice.. . The story revolves around Dr. Kenzo Tenma, a skilled neurosurgeon whose life takes a chilling turn when he chooses to save the life of a young boy named Johan Liebert instead of a prominent politician. This selfless act propels him into a web of intrigue and murder, as Johan's true nature becomes increasingly enigmatic. The narrative unfolds methodically, with each episode peeling ...
This anime is one of the most bizarre and insane shows I’ve ever watched, in the best way possible. The plot is a pendulum that’s constantly oscillating between outrageous, absurd comedy, and “wtf just happened” suspense/thriller, and it does a perfect job of balancing the two. At no point in time will you ever be able to guess what’s going to happen next.. . The opening and ending sequences are both excellent, and the soundtrack during the show does a great job adding to the creepy atmosphere. While over the top at times, the animation is also great. If you’re looking for a show with a unique ...
Ragna Crimson give me a vibes of early 2000s dark shonen show, and I loved it. The show able to balance between action, drama, and comedy quite well, I never felt any tonal whiplash like when I watched other dark show (ie Akame ga Kill) the dark moments have a reasonable tones and reasons behind it (it's not just evil for the sake of evil), while the comedic moments mostly happened during the calm time and never felt intrusive.. Story. The story of Ragna Crimson is simple, Ragna and Crimson want to kill all dragon. But from that simple framework the writer able to twist and turn ...
Remake Our Life focuses on a struggling video game developer named Kyouya Hashiba finding himself whisked 10 years back into the past when he was enrolled as a college student. This event leads him to encounter and befriend three creative talents whom served as his inspiration in his efforts from the present to become a successful game developer.. . Remake Our Life offers focus on both the challenges involved with creative projects like movies and video games, as well as the developments of Kyouya and his friends. While focus on creative developments isn’t new with an anime series, Remake Our Life still does a great job ...
can't say i dislike it, it was entertaining, but i don't know if the manwha was like this, or the anime skipped a lot, but why all of sudden everybody it's that close to one another, to the point they're willing to die for the MC? it feels like the world turns arround the MC.. It was an entertaining watch, definetly was more entertained by the other characters more so than the MC, Rak for example everytime he was on screen it was a good time, the MC it's the classic goodie two shoes, choosen one (at least that's what i understood , with all ...
Anime moments: car go vroom 300 kph and somehow managed to turn at the intersection and not rolling or anything, a car with 2.0 passed 3.8 and above,skill or not this is average fiction anime , but car go vroom i like!!!. . troll review rate this shi* up!. . :grr royalemad emoji:. . story: father missing boy go car. art style: anime. characters: a 24 pedo wants to kiss a 16 yo girl. realistic reactions: car pass car (WOW!) YES. ...
This is one of my favorite movies of all time, but it's definitely not for everyone.. . Tenshi No Tamago is almost a purely visual movie. It has very few dialogue, and the few that it has is abstract and philosophical rather than being there to move the story forward. Speaking of the story, there's barely any : the two main (and only) characters meet at the very begining, they wander for a while until one of them eventually does the only thing that has a significant impact on the story, and the movie ends.. . What's at the heart of the movie are it's ...
you see, people tend to overthink stuff especially at enjoying anime. The purpose of this anime isn't about being good, but to be the most generic power fantasy out there and there's nothing wrong with that, I bet the author knows this too.. . Like I said the show is incrediby generic but that's what makes it good, it's like instant ramen on how its cheap and instant similar to how this type of show is mass produced and quite enjoyable at the get-go and similar to how you wouldn't expect some instant noodle to be gourmet you wouldn't expect some insane world building nor intricate character ...
I initially decided to watch it after reading both positive, mixed and negative reviews making my mind to watch it and find out for myself if it's really as bad as the majority says it is and it being only 12 episodes made it quite easy.. . After watching several episodes, I can understand some of the complaints of the negative reviews that they expected more, because it can feel lacking at times. But in defense of the anime, I will say that those who were expecting more, most likely are used to everything they watch to be of epic proportions and their senses are so dulled ...
[Casual and cute yet full of action and intriguing world-building; light yet with decent, adequate plot and conflicts. A nice, wholesome fantasy watch. 9/10]. . After having completed it and coming back to see how there are more 'not recommended' than 'recommended', I definitely feel compelled to recommend it to future watchers!. . Beast Tamer has a unique and fresh storyline and worldbuilding although its world is not explored, explained, nor elaborated much. Nevertheless, it's definitely up there as one of the best OP MC-kind of fantasy anime cliche. Sure, it still very much follows the template of OP MC animes, but the back story, the struggle, the social ...
I came for racing and stayed for a great character driven drama. Review written after seeing episode 9 and being so moved by the show that I wanted to talk about it - So not an objective review at all.. . This anime markets itself as and is seen by many as "only" a show about F4 racing - And in part it is about racing, don't get me wrong. But that is only one part of it and by no means the most important one.. . Overtake follows two central characters, Kouya the photographer and Haruka the F4 racer. From different walks of life and of different ages, ...
[Fantastic world building with lots of plot twists. Quite fast-paced yet doesn't feel lacking. Multiple dramas and conflicts that are entertaining with pleasing, happy endings. 10/10]. . Sure, this anime belongs to the OP MC trope, but the writing is very unique. The characters, the personalities, the back stories, the pacing, the animation, the world building, the spells - everything was so well done.. . Despite being OP, it is very obvious that the MC is not omnipotent, and I love that so much because the fights are so enjoyable nevertheless (even though we have faith that the MC will always win one way or another). Just like a ...
I really enjoyed the anime! I loved the ending especially with kyoya looking at erika with the same eyes he had holding a puppy in earlier episodes. Erika’s lies were annoying at the start but it shows her growth and how her relationship with Kyoya changed her. It teaches you that even though she tried hard to fit in in school, it wasn’t because of her lies but because of her genuine personality that allowed her friends to stick with her (her friends also changed because of her, as the topics they would discuss at the beginning BDSM sexual stuff, was not the topics of ...
I love you, Madhouse. Rarely is an iyashikei anime so badass, and rarely is a shounen/shoujo so blessed with perspective.. . Frieren is an elf, a creature whose lifespan dwarfs that of humans, their empires and even their legends. <- That alone is enough to get me curious.. Frieren is a mage, a class of innate talent that invariably grows with time. <- Can you see where this is headed?. Frieren was invited to join the hero's party to defeat the blahblahblah, and they have successfully done so. <- ...Wait, what?. You now watch Frieren as she faces new challenges, grapples with her own underdeveloped emotions, and deals with ...
The movie is based on a Novel written by Tsujimura Mizuki in 2017, I do not have the knowledge if the whole novel was adapted here or a portion of it, I would guess that the movie covers a majority if not entirely the story of it.. . The main theme of the movie is involved within the very old fairy tale from 1812 of Grimm Brothers "Der Wolf und die sieben jungen Geißlein" - "The Wolf and the Seven Young Goats" which is very well known worlwide a fairy tale of a mother goat leaving her 7 children at home the wolf make 3 attempts to ...
I took WAAAAY took long getting around to this anime.. I just finished it after a week binge and.... Wow.. This is one of the best pieces of fiction of all time. The world building, the characters, and the writing, i think they far outweigh some of the other big animes i have watched. With HxH, i actually felt like the relationships between the characters were REAL.. It was so perfect and beautifully written, i found myself crying at some points and hysterically laughing at others.. This is one of those animes, where i just felt like i needed more and more and more. I found myself continually ...
Knew nothing about this show before going in and was completely blown away. Animation was phenomenal. Bluray remaster looked fantastic. It has everything you want from the sci-fi action genre: mech battles, spaceship battles, AK47 battles, laser explosions, basically nonstop gorilla warfare. It probably should have been called moon wars. It's too bad the 4 short OVAs weren't enough time to tell a completed story, but also this is quite normal for old-school OVAs. Surprisingly not a lot of gore in this, but when it does show up it is quite shocking. It's an absolute must watch for fans of 80s style animation.
November 26th, 2023, Golden Boy, binge-watched? Check.. . Honestly, I have heard of this for a long time, seen the swimming clip before and oh my, it was fantastic. I even heard the dub was funnier than the sub and for once it actually was hilarious. It is on the dub level of Azur Lane for how funny it is, trust me.. . Now the show itself, honestly, reminds me a lot of the plot of how Pokemon works, going from town to town, small jobs, making friends, and leaving an impact. So can we say, this is Ecchi Pokemon without the Pokemon and an older guy? I ...
A MASTERCLASS in thriller, suspense, and mystery that keeps subverting your expectations and astonishes you with clever twists and turns. The tension and pacing is the best I've ever seen in an anime period. I've never seen a detective/crime thriller series be so hot on the trail so quickly while keeping the tension through the roof. The climax in crime thrillers is piecing together evidence with the main question being "who is the villain?". Usually this is a big twist, someone we'd never suspect, but this series inverts that! We know who it is right off the bat, and since they are the main character(Light) ...
I totally hated the end.... This anime is stuck in my head because of its complex narrative, philosophical and existential themes, and a blend of cyberpunk and post-apocalyptic elements (my favorite atmosphere).. I adore how it is intricate and can be challenging to predict, makes it so catchy to the viewers and it made me enjoy it the doble.. I have to highlight how much i love the art style and the animation... Is dark, atmospheric, and well-suited to its cyberpunk and post-apocalyptic setting.. The symbolism on all the elements and the well-thought details makes it hard to not try to comprehend and appreciate it part by ...
In the beginning, far from the anime being 1, 2, 9, or 10, in the end, these are numbers. What we are talking about now is a living art that mixes dramatic feelings that are rare these days. Among the current anime, few work comes that is complete in the three most important aspects that any other anime needs. Firstly, the story. And its plot, secondly, the artistic creativity, pure animation, and stunning scenery, thirdly, the fights without any animation defects, and this is what is included in the anime Frieren. The summary of the idea of the anime itself is about you, dear reader, ...
Tell you what. Do not listen to the low rating reviews saying that this anime does not have likeable characters. If you like similar genre of animes like elfen lied, death note, fumetsu no anatae, you are going to love this one. It started off peak, and continues to proceed marvellously throughout the storyline. Every episode has a good storytelling that entails the reason of why the mc acted as he did. Some episodes also were heart-wrenching about the perspective of different characters in the war. All in all the story is good, the production value for music is high, the characters are likeable and ...
Quite frankly, i started watching this just to pass some time without thinking of what morals it might try to tell. I started it yesterday, finished just this moment, and i just had an awful day, thinking a lot of um'depressed thoughts', i would highly recommend this anime if you have this kind of bad thoughts, or even if your not, it would change your perspective on life.. The animation on this is beautiful, and i loved the characters design, though to me it did felt like the sode characters were a bit disposable-. Yet fun enough to watch. highly recomend this if your an analyzer ...
This is one of those shows where it's tough to recommend to others because of a few questionable scenes and lines. There's some controversy around presenting children as the main characters of stories with complex themes that can become mature themes, as well. I think the show does a really good job of reconciling the fact that children exist in a mature world, a dangerous world, where they can and will be subject to hardships and difficulty, just as adults.. . The world of Made in Abyss is rich, verdant and bright--but just as much as it is beautiful, it is cruel. The Abyss gives and takes, ...
Good movie. Great suspense. And a deadly treasure.. . The cast have all gathered to this island. But their motives are each different.. Lupin wants a secret treasure.. Fujiko is being a traitorous seductress as usual. But atleast its towards the bad guys and not her friends.. Jigen wants revenge.. Goemon wants to prove the power of his sword.. Zenigata wants to capture Lupin. Unfortunately he doesnt get to do anything in this movie other than just be there.. . And in the middle of it all are 2 military forces fighting for power.. ...
I am just on episode 13 right now and I will say this.... It is not for those looking for a serious, lighthearted anime.. . It definitely does not take itself seriously, and there are so many nude/sex moments that it makes your cheek blush. But overall if you're looking for a good time, this one is it. I actually like it! As a woman, I am not into seeing other women's bodies all the time-- Bastard!! shows TOO much of it, but the overall fun and laughter makes up for it. There are times when you want to rip off the main character's head and ...
It's a great isekai. The MC is overpowered but doesn't show his powers. It's very similar to eminence in the shadow in aspects. Only this guy has a little sister that knows about him and is uhm... a bit too attached to him.. . The world and its' systems is clearly worse tho. It's quite simple, including the backstory. . The characters are funny and the stakes don't feel that high, although that will probably change in season 2. . The MC is pretty good I think. He doesn't feel too generic.. . Also something I value a lot: they didn't rush through the material. It felt like they went through it on ...
A fun and LEWD love letter for anime fans. Especially harem ones.. . Im not going to take mutch of your time. This is a PARODY of a lot of animes tropes and characters archetype, and i Love all The references.. . Its a harem but first it is a ecchi comedy. You Will watch it to have a good time and fun, but never seek for real romance here, besides The "romance" tag. The Girls are cool and you really want to date them, but they easly accept dating MC with a lot of other Girls, what males them... Kinda dum dum, but still enjoyable from comedy perspective.. . Im ...
Well first things i wanna say i have never read the Original Manga of Pluto. Neither have i read other Works of Naoki Urasawa. So this was my first time experience. First unlike my other Reviews, I will start with the Negatives. I think what really stood out for me was the Animation. Now don't get me wrong, I am aware that it takes Time to develop the Show but sometimes the Animation kinda looks stiff or when a Character is moving, it will look like their stuck in one place while doing a walk cycle. Sometimes idk when a flashback scene is playing, ...
Bleach, the popular anime series based on Tite Kubo's manga, has captivated audiences worldwide with its unique blend of action, supernatural elements, and compelling character arcs. Spanning multiple seasons, Bleach offers a rich and expansive world filled with intriguing lore, intense battles, and a diverse cast of characters.. . Plot and Storytelling:. The story of Bleach follows Ichigo Kurosaki, a teenager with the ability to see ghosts. After accidentally obtaining the powers of a Soul Reaper, a celestial being tasked with protecting the living world from malevolent spirits, Ichigo embarks on a journey to defend humanity from dangerous supernatural threats. The series masterfully weaves together action-packed battles, intricate ...
Ok look I am only into real 3D girls.. or so I thought until I watched this anime. I watched this anime like what 4 years ago maybe? I cannot even remember but yeah the storyline was amazing with unique characters and very good character development. Personally, I didn't really understand what was going on until after I read the reviews after finishing the anime since I was just admiring the cute anime girls the whole time. Like allow it man I was going through puberty. Gotta give props to the artists and I hope they get a raise.. . Anyway, idk what else to yap about ...
update on my previous review on gintama ( the first season ). I CAN'T STRESS ENOUGH ON WHY YOU SHOULD WATCH GINTAMA. It's nothing as people say, you don't have to watch 100's of animes before watching this show. It's pure comedy which fluctuates between all types of genres in anime. Although it would be a nice treat if you know about the mainstream animes the big shounens.. Also THE PLOT IS NOT SKIPPABLE although it revolves around comedic episodes for post of the season but the plot oh boy does the plot thickens. GINTAMA CONTAINS NO FILLERS. THE FILLERS IS WHERE ITS AT. DO NOT SKIP ANYTHING ...
I'm not really a fan of watching recap episodes or compilation movies for the sake of completing them, especially if not that long before picking them up I finished watching the main series on which said episodes are centered. That being said, when I decide to pick one, it must be either because it belongs to a series I like a lot, or simply needs to look somewhat interesting enough to make me consider picking it up. In Shingeki no Kyojin: Chronicle's case, it was these two reasons combined, plus I wanted to refresh my memory about some cool scenes from Seasons 1-3, but without ...
I watched Bleach: Thousand Year Blood War without knowing anything about Bleach, aside from reading maybe the first 10 volumes of the manga about 10 years ago, and I gave it a 9 at first. The action, animation, and OST are all top-notch. It's easy to appreciate this anime without knowing what an Arrancar or a Bankai is, but then I went back and read all of bleach from the beginning, just to see what exactly it was that I just watched. Having understood the plot of bleach raised my already high appraisal of the series. This adaptation does everything a superb adaptation does. Aside ...
Lets get it straight out of the way first, this series is not an Ecchi one. The story is balls to the walls, pure and unadulterated, diabetes inducing wholesome and heartwarming sort of story; other than the title, it doesn't give any pretenses to be otherwise.. . We have Charlotte, our endearing female lead with a typical Cinderella background and an immensely kind bubbly fuwa-fuwa soothing personality, meeting her slightly unconventional "prince" Allen who strives to make her happy, teaching her so called "naughty" things to enjoy and make her realize that she have some agency in her life. The series doesn't stray much from this central ...
This is the greatest thing I have ever seen. I was forced into watching this by my friend who I was having a sleepover with when we found this randomly. I have no idea how to fucking process this. Who was this made for? It looks and acts like a shitty knock off child show like Ratatoing but with a weird fixation on fake tits. I just… I don’t know what I watched. Why were they all Alvin and the Chipmunks? Why was Yubaba from Spirited Away teaming up with a pedo to capture the booby crystal? I have so many questions. I don’t want ...
I never thought a show about dry romance could be so good. Ok let me explain what I mean by ‘dry romance’. It’s like the difference between dry humor and other kinds of humor. Kind of like deadpan comedy, it’s comedy delivered without gusto or any kind of inflection. These are just my personal definitions but what I consider the difference between deadpan and dry humor is this: deadpan humor focuses on juxtaposing absurdist comment/situations in a tone that makes them seem totally serious, while dry humor takes a more casual approach to the delivery (closer to sarcasm). The reason I’m bringing all of this ...
I personally love deadpan humor. It’s one of my favorite varieties of comedy. Just to have the most absurd and crazy shit go down is funny, but to have the reaction be blank in response is even funnier. This show is deadpan humor taken to another level. These characters are always doing the wildest shit with the most bland expressions on their faces. I don’t know why but that just speaks to me on a comedic level. This show is funny as shit. This out-of-left-field behavior is also very wholesome. Neither of these people know how to act and because they don’t know the proper ...
More in line with the original webcomic than the manga, as shown by the art, which I actually really like. It’s more romance focused than Horimiya, however it only has half the runtime. It still has the same vibes as Horimiya, but I think they’re actually more potent here, mostly due to the art design. Anyways it’s the same story as the first four episodes of Horimiya with slight adjustments, but with less of the feeling of high school. Once again this show is no longer about what it means to be a high schooler like Horimiya, but more about the romance story of Hori ...
It’s just guys being guys. Dudes being dudes ya know? Just Bros being bros. Just homies being gay- wait wat. Dude this show is great. It totally understands what it is to be with the boys. No romance, no drama, no bullshit. Just guys hanging out doing stupid shit. I mean clearly this show was just made by a group of friends. I love that and you really don’t see it that often. I also really like it when there are women involved. They guys are just like ‘*gasp* dat- dat a woman! Wat- what do I do? Do I look cool? Shit, alright just ...
Unlike Romantic Killer, this show actually is satire, and it took me months to realize that. I always thought this show was more funny than your usual anime romcom and I finally figured out why. Because it shits on the formula and actually writes good jokes. This anime is actually really damn funny. A lot of the protagonists of these shows are really dumb and misinterpretations happen all the time, it’s like the bread and butter of anime. But it’s the way the misinterpretations happen and how they are handled in this show which are so damn creative and funny. Like they’ll take the most ...
I said before that I’m glad they didn’t show us more than they needed to in the review of Horimiya. It turns out I was wrong. While I do agree for that show and its pacing, it was a good idea to cut these chapters from the original show, but I still wanted to see more of one of my favorite cast of characters. And this show gives me that. It’s not as emotionally present or resonating, but it's just us hanging out with our favorite characters. It’s a lot more comedy focused (mainly due to it being the filler chapters from the manga that ...
America, while predominant globally, is still a very young country. We don’t have a rich history or a deeply embedded culture. We don’t have folklore, other than bigfoot. Any stories we hear originate from other cultures and countries, or are otherwise books like Frankenstein. And so I find the cultures of other countries very interesting, and mostly because of Ghibli, Japanese culture has especially captured my attention. My favorite movie of all time, The Tale of The Princess Kaguya, is an adaptation of an ancient Japanese folktale. And so while the first 2 stories of this anthology show adapting Japanese horror tales could be considered ...
Show reviewed as whole. This show was made by kinky bastards for fucking psychopaths. This is a show that is not afraid to go over the line. It walks casually forward like it doesn’t even notice the fucking line. It will make you uncomfortable, it will make you say ‘hol up’ and it will make you question humanity. At first I really didn’t like this show. It was just too much. In the first episode this dude was being called a ‘house pet’ while being used as a chair. All of the characters are extremely sexual and get horny off of big bets and gambling ...
Show reviewed as whole. I think I found out recently why I have shit like Aharen-san over things like Re:Zero. Why I enjoy shit like Kakegurui over things like Rising of the Shield Hero or My Hero Academia, why I can’t stop watching shitty romcoms. When it comes down to it, it all has to do with one thing: identity. Anime romcoms are stupid fucking bullshit. And everyone knows it. That includes the people working on the show. They admit what they are doing is stupid and so they have no qualms with going all out with it. They play into their identity. I prefer ...
I have never seen a show with so much potential just waiting to be unlocked. It’s hard to call it missed potential because the story had just begun. This is a show, much like many on this list, suffers greatly from the Manga format. If this story was more narratively focused, this could easily be in my top ten. It’s very much like Love in War in the kind of potential it wields. The characters are lovable and their dynamics are a delight. The animation is stellar and the fight scenes are fluid and fun. The spy aspect is done with such jazz it sucks ...
Show reviewed as whole. I know this is supposed to be a parody of the isekai genre and yeah I do see the points where they are making fun of it, but honestly for me, this is just how you the isekai concept correctly. Instead of some OP edgy perfect protagonist, we get a weak pathetic vulgar teenager whose disappointment is immeasurable and his life is ruined. Instead of him instantly meeting up with some princess or something, he spends his first few months sleeping on a pile of hay in the stables, working in construction and failing miserably at being an adventurer. He defeats ...
All seasons reviewed here. Now this show is a real mixed bag. I’ll start with the things I don’t like. First and foremost, the writing sucks ass. The plot is basic and doesn't flow well. It’s just go here, face demon, go here, face demon, go here, recover, go here, face demon etc. It doesn’t really change or progress. The only reason it feels like it progresses is because the demons get harder and our heroes get stronger. But just looking at the plot so far, nothing really happens. The premise is weak and the story is weak. The characters are also weak. I’m struggling ...
This was my first introduction into romcom anime and my second anime ever. It’s a show that has grown on me more as time went on. When I first watched it I thought to myself ‘yeah it was better than I thought it would be but whatever’. Then I found myself rewatching it. And after I delved more into anime and saw the absolute bullshit that is the romance genre, I found my appreciation for this show increase drastically. But what makes it different from shit like Uzaki-chan? When I thought about this, what came to mind is this show’s dedication to characterization. Thinking about ...
You know that feeling you get when you send a meaningful text to someone you like or someone close to you, and you’re not sure how they’ll respond? That anxiety you feel as you wait for them to text back? The thoughts of ‘oh shit oh shit oh shit’, where you’re not sure if it was a good idea or not to send it? How about the ecstasy and relief when they reciprocate your feelings in some way and send something meaningful back? Or when they send something that can be taken in a deeper meaning but you’re not sure if they meant it that ...
This is a visceral, anxiety inducing show. Takao gets blackmailed and bullied and you can just feel the dread, the panic and the paranoia. He fears things going well just as much as he does things going to hell. The first half of this show is fucking brutal in it’s realism. I’ve never been bullied or witnessed bullying but this definitely feels authentic. More and more Nakamaru pushes Takao, trying to make him like her, trying to convince him to live without common sense. The sheer fucking twisted dread of this all is incredibly gripping and it never let go of my attention, before climaxing ...
This is probably the best crafted show on this list, with the intricacy second only to Attack on Titan, but with much more consistent pacing, which was my biggest problem with AOT (though AOT has harder hitting moments). There’s only one filler episode in its entire 64 episode runtime (and even that episode helps further the themes of the show). Everything comes back and builds on each other into one fantastic climax. A side character you didn’t think much of will come back in a genius way, on rewatch you start noticing things and people that help later on. The themes of humanity and the ...
All seasons reviewed here. No Spoilers. Before I get into what makes this show so fucking good, I will say it is not without flaws. This show has some major flaws that not many people can get over. First and far most, the pacing is abysmal, at least for the first two seasons. The first season, while jaw dropping on first watch, is a pain in the ass to get through on rewatch. It just feels so slow. It doesn’t feel that slow in first viewing but when one battle takes 9 episodes, compared to so much happening in later seasons, it feels like a ...
Yes, a romcom made my top 5. No I am not joking here. This show is that damn good. It may not be what I consider to be the ‘best’ but it is certainly my favorite show of all time. The pure love and energy put into every aspect of this masterpiece is astounding. This is what happens when everybody working on the show is having fun and is passionate about their work. The writing is sharp and witty, the animation is extremely energetic and expressive, the music has such range to match whatever scene it’s in (the OP to all 3 seasons are all ...
Kono Oto Tomare was a magical anime. There are only half a dozen music-focused animes that I can think of:. . Bocchi the Rock. Your Lie in April. Hibike! Euphonium. K-On. Belle. Bang! Dream.. . These are the ones I can think of. But Kono Oto Tomare is the ONLY anime that not only focused 100% of its energy on the actual music but also was very good at it. Bocchi the Rock was hilarious but not as music-focused. YLIA was depressing but again not as music-focused as Kono Oto. I know YLIA had some AMAZING Piano music selection, but not as focused on the music as Koto. K-On! was a cute Moe anime ...
Yuzuki-san Chi no Yonkyoudai is yet again another of the few pure slice of life anime airing this fall, and it's more fun to watch than I first expected.. . The plot, like with most slice of life shows, isn't anything too special. The four brothers of the Yuzuki family live together and bond after the death of their parents. Hayato, the oldest and one that does most of the chores. Mikito, the second oldest who is more mature and has a slight brother-complex for Minato, the third oldest, who's clumsy and energetic, and finally Gakuto, the youngest who's still in grade school, and is more mature ...
I watched more than 400 anime ingridient so far. but it was a special one inside of them. ı felt so many feeling on the time I'm watching.. I found myself and this movie show me a road. ı don't know how am I spoosed to explain this feeling but. This anime movie is the only anime I cried something besides a character ı love died. I cried in this movie because I see myself, because ı understand the feelings of the every character, it was a real masterpiece. I recommend to everyone. But you have to watch it at night alone. If you feel depressed ...
My New Boss Is Goofy is one of the few pure slice of life shows airing this Fall, and it's pretty good.. . Like most slice of life anime, the plot isn't too complex, just some dude (Momose) who has had a bad experience at his last office job because his boss was a dick to him, so he gets a new job at another office and his new boss (Shirosaki) is a very nice but clumsy man who does a bunch of tiny little mistakes that makes him embarrassed, in other words, Momose's new boss is goofy.. . This show is very similar to Cool Doji Danshi, the ...
"Nothing can be born from hatred". . Pluto, one of the most well-known works by Urasawa Naoki has finally made its way to the animated medium, with a wonderfully polished presentation and themes more relevant than ever.. . The world of Pluto presents us with a post war society in relative peace, with robots seemingly blending with humans in every aspect. Swiftly introducing the main plot of top of the line robots and robotics researchers being targeted, presenting these events mostly from the perspective of robot detective Gesicht. Slowly unveiling the extent of the plot against these robots, the many flaws of this society and its terrible past start ...
Tomodachi Game, or Classroom of the Somewhat Gifted, is show that in many ways mimics the Squid Games, and pulls it off well enough as to be thoroughly enjoyable. If a little frustrating with its reveals and characterization.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 7/10. -----------------------------------------------. . The show looks fine, but the nature of the setting doesn't leave much room for art or animation to shine. It's not a battle shounen or a fantasy. No real fight scenes or magical effects or the like.. . . Sound / Music / Voice Acting - 8/10. ...
First time I felt compelled to write a review on this website, even though I’ve been using it for years. That’s how incredible this anime is.. . Ive been watching anime for 15 years and I don’t think I’ve ever been more impressed by a show than I am with Frieren. It’s absolutely a masterpiece and possibly the best anime I’ve ever seen.. . Beautiful atmosphere, likeable characters, amazing music, and a good, unique take on the typical “hero saves the world” story.. . If things continue like they they are now until the end of the season, it will definitely become my favorite anime of all time.
THIS IS A SPOILER-FREE REVIEW. . Rent-a-Girlfriend is a show that i have followed for 3 years now. Season one was an average rom-com with a degenerate protagonist, but season two improved on the pacing and made it a really fun little watch. But this season takes a completely different turn with the story and actually decided to go full in on the drama to the point where the show is hardly recognizable.. . Story – 7/10. . I have to say, I really liked this story arc. Instead of an episodic romantic comedy with some ecchi scenes thrown into it, this season actually has an ongoing narrative in which the ...
I dove into "Kaijuu no Kodomo" with an open mind and came out truly mesmerized. I've read several reviews where people expressed disappointment with the storyline, but for me, it was captivating. The themes explored in the movie, like the parallels with birth and the poetic notion of us being part of the vast universe, were both romantic and inspiring.. . Regarding the characters, I did feel a tinge of longing for more depth in the side characters. However, this might be an intentional reflection of the transient nature of childhood and adolescence – friends coming and going, parents grappling with their children's emotional landscapes. It's a ...
Evil Town is an improvement over Harlem Bomber. The plot is interesting. It's about three groups who want to leave the town but can't agree on how to work together. To make matters worse, Jack's arrival doesn't help at all. The Mad Riders enjoy being tough troublemakers. Sadly, the difficult circumstances forced the regular men to surrender their primal instincts. This caused the women to leave the men and live by themselves. The same dynamic has been used before, but Evil Town executes it well, resulting in an interesting story. Jack is also more relatable in Evil Town, taking center stage and revealing his moral ...
As much as I loved the first season, seeing the Karasuno team evolve and fight with all their might until the end made me fall in love more. Haikyuu! is not just an anime, its an emotion that even somebody who doesn't love sports will cheer for the team and feel the wins and losses together. A MASTERPIECE! The art was splendidly done. Even the ones on the bench shined throughout. Kageyama and Hinata are the rulers, definitely. Oikawa and Mad dog were so amazing with their quick reflexes but the feeling of winning at the end was surely very heartfelt.. I'm on my way to ...
THIS STORY WAS SO FREAKING CUTE AND FUNNY AND HEARTFELT!. . Given surrounds Uenoyama and Satou and a fateful meeting in the staircase that puts them on a path of discovering and pursuing their true passions - both emotional and physical!. . Watching these two grow together was a thrilling experience! I genuinely laughed out loud, teared up, was audibly rooting for these characters to get together, and by the end of it was devastated that there wasn’t more for me to immediately devour. The show also was done in a way that felt so natural. I felt like I was truly watching people in real life ...
Mushoku tensei certamente não é para todos. O anime começa retratando um lixo de personagem, não julgo quem crítica as ações e pensamentos tomados pelo MC, mas acho que para criticar com base o personagem deve-se acompanhar toda a sua trajetória. O desenvolvimento do Rudeus é lento, ao acompanharmos o desenrolar de sua história e vemos as suas atitudes e ações mudando, não é uma mudança brusca e ridícula, mas sim bem construída. Ao longo da obra, vemos ele deixando de ser esse lixo de humano e de tornando alguém decente, esse é um dos principais pontos que me cativa. Por isso acho que para ...
I wish there was more anime about firefighter because this movie is amazing. It lacks in-depth story as well as characters but for a movie this is acceptable. We get to see a bit more about the MC and some good action done by the MC. He was saved by a firefighter when he was a kid and I believe that is what inspires him to be a firefighter. It's better to read the manga since we won't be getting any more of this but you can watch the new version but with a different MC. I recommend this to anyone who has some free ...
Visuals, camera angles and character design specially for girls are no doubt beautiful and appealing In this series.. . 'The 100 Girlfriends Who Really, Really, Really, Really, Really Love You' is a blast because it breaks away from the usual by showcasing Rentarou's wild journey with 100 girlfriends. This isn't about picking just one; it's about diving into all the hilarious scenarios that pop up when he's dating so many!. . You don't need to overthink while watching—just kick back, giggle and ___ at the crazy situations Rentarou finds himself in, and enjoy the ride. Whether you're into trying out one episode or giving it three, I'm all in ...
MUST say this first but if you're homophobic even the slightest bit, I won't recommend this. Now, it is soft BL and does contain references of it being there, however it shouldn't affect your overall watching experience and if you think about it, just think of it as them being super friendly as they aren't in an intimate relationship yet.. . Now onto what I think. (I've been meaning to write this for a long time but just never had the time to so here I am with a very late review...). I freakin' love this anime!! My rating says otherwise only because I am craving for more. ...
This is the review of the entire series, and to say it quite frankly this series is peak fiction.. . This is a story about monsters, oddities, abberrations or whatever your subtitle calls it. Our mc Araragi Koyomi is a quasi vampire, he became that because of an encounter with a vampire in the past and since then he met quite a lot of people with similar supernatural problem as he did, and thus this is a story of him helping the people around him with supernatural problems.. . I loved every single aspect of this show from its absurd fan services, weird camera angles, obscure background, flashing texts ...
Why is this t so low? This was my 2nd pick after frieren for best anime to watch this season. Very interesting story, the plot was very confusing at first becaue of it's slow pace. But this was probably the most accurate representation of historically accurate ninjas and if Ninjas were in this modern era.. The comedy was not really forced and it will make you laugh unintentionallty. Characters were very unique as well and would love to watch more of them. ALso why does MAL require me to write up a very long review I just want to recommend this anime to ...
"Mobile Suit Gundam: The Witch From Mercury is unfair, cruel, relentless, and overwhelming. It deviates from clichés, and I noticed traps set to make you anticipate an easy way out, only to deliver a harder path that surpasses your expectations, becoming even more profound. The character development work is unparalleled, with around 20-40 characters in the circle, and ALL of them are incredibly well-crafted. As shown in a particular episode, they are so skilled at it that in a 5-minute scene, they make you care about a supporting character who hadn't even been named until then. The dedication to developing the anime's CLOSED ecosystem is ...
Guys. IT'S CAPTIVATING ITS IT MAKES ME WANNA CRY BY NOSTALGIA BELIEVE ME. I WILL DIE IF I LIE BUT ANYBODY WILL LIKE THIS I SWEAR TO GOD. It's really unique. Like a mixture of GOT AND ANIME. Everything is top notch it's like a journey the art style is greatest everything is so realistic like i am watching a movie. The only thing that people will dislike is the pacing but once you stick to it for a time just like STIENS GATE. IT WILL BE BEST. COME ON IF YOU WATCHED AND GAVE STEINS GATE A CHANCE AFTER SO BORING EPISODES ...
Dr. Stone" Season 3 Cour 2 takes the excitement to new heights, delivering an absolutely fantastic continuation from its stellar first season & second season! Brace yourself for an enthralling ride as this season unveils the secrets behind the petrification phenomenon teased since day one. With fresh faces joining the adventure and a plot that keeps you on the edge of your seat, the series maintains its gripping momentum. The perfect blend of adventure, humor, and scientific wonder makes this season a must-watch for anyone seeking a thrilling post-apocalyptic journey. If you're looking for an anime that packs a punch with every episode, "Dr. Stone" ...
thank you.. . "I'm sure we've all at one point in our lives, watched or read an anime or manga we felt we really had a connection with. Something that spoke to us on a deeper level, for whatever reason that may be. Perhaps it may reminded us of an experience we had in our lives or conveyed a message where you really understood, or had some character you could totally empathize with. Because of it, we ended up growing a deep attachment to the point where no matter what flaws the thing may actually have, we could easily overlook it because... Well, it didn't matter. It ...
So elegant so beautiful just looking like a wow and it's unique masterpiece of this year .. . . It's very good and interesting anime if you are going to see adventure genre while including little bit action. It pacing is is very good and interesting which also give peace to the heart.. . Overall (10/10). . It includes everything you need to see. . . ...
Story: It's not perfect but it's not bad. As you can tell from the title, it's about the MC adopting a young child (a devil). He meets her at the forest and decides to take her as her guardian. They both have great relationship as the story progress. There isn't much action while there is a bit of adventure and some good slice of life. I don't usually watch this kind of story but this is quite a unique one.. . Character(s): None of the characters are not bad except that one teacher from school. The MC is quite a doting "father" but he's a great warrior ...
Naruto is a widely popular and captivating anime show that has a special place in the hearts of many. However, it is not without its flaws. The abundance of filler episodes is one of its main issues.. . Despite the fillers, Naruto boasts an incredible plot and story. It has many unforgettable and amazing fights. It could have been condensed to adhere more closely to the manga and have more fights with fewer flashback scenes.. . The characters in Naruto are well-crafted. Both the main cast and the villains have a compelling story and character arc. Some of them, like Madara, Itachi, Jiraiya, Naruto, Rock Lee, and Sasuke, ...
Arknights season 2 anime covers episodes4, 5 and 6 of the main story line of the game: Burning run, necessary solutions and partial necrosis. among the players of the game these episodes usually are known for game finally picking up it's long and slow pace a bit and getting amusing. with anime focusing on characters like: Amiya doctor and chen with Frostnova in main spotlight. . there is much to say about the story adapted for this season. adapting 3 different story episodes with near 200000 words into 8 episodes of anime sure makes feel those who read for themselves feel some parts are missing. ...
Arknights is a masterpiece. There are very few games that come even close to the level of quality and consistency that Arknights has; that said, the anime is... not nearly as "perfect." Let's start with the good and work our way down to the bad and even the ugly.. . The Animation. For a small studio that has mostly only done short PV's and maybe some OVA's here and there, to come out and make full-length episodes of this quality is impressive, to say the least. The backgrounds and scenery, the art style and close-ups, the fight scenes and atmosphere—everything is executed beautifully, they really tried ...
Yugioh Arc V is a great tribute to Yugioh’s history up to that point. The nods to the other shows could have easily overtaken Arc V, but the show knows to keep its focus on the main characters. The duels were fun and did not overstay their welcome (with a few exceptions). The characters were nothing special. Yuya has the same youthful idiot personality like a lot of the previous protagonists and his life interest is just The Girl. But they weren’t annoying like in Zexal, I even liked some of them. It was a nice return to form for the franchise. I would be ...
tldr: RECOMENDED. . thoughts:. frieren is a must watch for this season at the barely least, following the journey through memory lane of the usual isekai genre. The idea is not unique nor is it ground breaking, but the excecution was crisp and the overall enjoyment level to watch it week by week was good as it keeps it fresh and made you wait for the new episode to come out.. . Detail:. 1. Animation & Music (8/10). it's not the Violet godly beatiful detail nor is it JJK amazing fight choreography, but Madhouse made a comeback and show their best perks which is tone and pacing, Freiren dont need an ...
Demon Lord Dante has both positive and negative aspects that may not appeal to many viewers. Fans of Devilman may find similarities with Demon Lord Dante, but the latter is less violent.. . The story is the strongest aspect of Demon Lord Dante, but the pacing can be sluggish at the beginning. The plot twists are surprising and captivating, but the final episode is underwhelming. The addition of a romantic subplot was unnecessary, but it was still interesting. I was rooting for Medusa! The final fight scene was illogical and reminiscent of a Power Rangers battle, but it was amusing to watch nonetheless.. . Demon Lord Dante delves into ...
A very well made movie. Great plot. Great characters.. . Although its a comedy it is a serious plot. Involving conspiracy, coverups, assassination (most notably the Kennedys), and people in power.. But it cant be a Lupin movie without treasure of course.. This movie reminds you of the power that money has on the world and our politics.. . Lupin and Zenigata's skills get to really shine. Not to mention how much they truly love each other deep down.. One character who was kinda off was Goemon. He really didnt act like himself in this one, the way he gets manipulated.. Jigen is great.. Fujiko is greedy and useless in this. ALso ...
The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya is quite a bit hard to describe and, to my knowledge, entirely unique. Attempts in any terms that seem ‘objective’ would almost seem to be missing the point that seems alluded to throughout the entire show. You won’t get a clear message, you won’t even get a clear story for different points (you will feel the broad strokes). . I can’t affirm whatever it is talking about or trying to convey, but I can say how I started thinking and engaging with it. Certain media can incite that kind of power, and this for me is one of them. I can’t really ...
I have seen a lot of negative comments against this anime, so I will rebalance for those who want to see what positive comments give.. . The general criticism is made against fluidity and «bad graphics» except that most spectators know nothing about it and invent a life.. . Moreover, those who say that it is the «worst animated of the world» have really looked nothing, I can advise you of much worse.. . On the other hand, do not expect a brilliant anime : it is not particularly well done, but bearable. It ends quickly, so unless you’re one of the spoiled kids who’s pouring out all their hate on ...
When I started this show, I wasn't expecting it to become one of my favorite shows I've watched. My introduction to the Gundam Franchise was The Origin manga, which was so beautifully drawn and put together that I kind of expected all of the 80s Gundam shows to fall flat in comparison to the newer, more retrospective manga. While I think Zeta Gundam is more flawed than the original Mobile Suit Gundam, especially the manga, it most definitely did not fall flat. In fact, it blew me away.. . This show has a lot of problems. The animation, while it doesn't inhibit the enjoyment of the ...
Season 1-8 Review. This is a masterpiece and I mean it. Firstly, you don't need to see 100s of animes like people tell you to, these guys are probably people who hate the show without watching it. You don't need to see even 15 shows to watch it. 10 would be fine.. Gintama has every single genre. It's not widely historic like it's told though. The only things that are historic are a few characters names and Edo(the setting) is based on History. Gintoki on the other hand, is not a real person but is taken from a storytale baby named Kintoki who killed bears lmao.. . The show; ...
the gangstalking continues.. GOATji, GOATJO, and SUKUNGOAT all in one season. things are already sweet in the flashback season but then the second cour really catches a vibe (nobody is safe either as multiple frauds are dealt with both gang and villains). really good animation through-and-through and some great scenes of the gang jumping on some villains. maybe better than season 1. king mappa has done it again.. . also i will now take the time to address the mappa allegations. is it an issue? yes. but i personally will be continuing my protest against wit studio. not because of their work conditions, but because i do ...
JJK is the world's first pragmatic shonen series!. . Early on, yuji, megumi and nobara think they're on dbz timing and try to solo 1v1 a strong enemy. yuji promptly was welcomed to the bbq and loses his arm + dies. nobara is taken to the nether and cooked. megumi just tries to kill himself when he realizes the GOATs are no more (reoccurring theme). due to some hijinks they actually clutch this one up and what follows is a beautiful masterclass anime in gangstalking as every proceeding fight is a 3v1 jump (jumpjustu kaisen). i don't think yuji actually ever got a 1v1 on ...
This show is not for everybody, but the people who like it will absolutely love it.. . What makes this show so great beyond the concept is the characters. They're all so easy to root for, and in general this show is extremely relatable. It's like watching another universe where my life could have easily mirrored some of the characters. I can't speak enough about how much you end up loving each band member as well as the cast outside the band.. . This show at times is able to summon some incredible tension. It's not the world is ending, or this character is about to die. It's more ...
Story 7.5/10. After the last part ended and how it ended I wasn’t only worried about how it would affect the story but I’ve got to admit that the first 3 episodes were not that easy to watch for me because I feel like they served to somehow entangle the writing issues while at the same time establishing a new arc. Unlike before I wasn’t as invested at first… That was until the 4th episode when it finally matched up. I’m still not fond of some of the writing decisions they made from the end of the first part and the beginning of this part ...
Episode 7, and I must say, this is a good one. By far the most shounen, shounen anime we got in the past years. There is a power system, the attacks have names, and everything, and the characters are extreme too. I see potential for some good romance too. The animation is great, and the fighting is engaging. I gave this a chance while eating launch, and I didn't have much expectations despise hearing good stuff about the manga, and... well, it took the length of 7 episodes for me to eat my lunch. Totally worth it. In the new generation, dominated by Shounen like ...
This one is fun. Fans of The World God Only Know, in particular, are going to love this series. I've seen many call it a parody of harem, but I don't see it. Is not parodying or deconstructing anything about harems... but is pure comedy. The main character is very likable for this genre - he is a normal guy, but also an absolute chad, who is fast to notice things and understand the girls, which spares us of pointless misunderstandings. He is also in love with the idea of being in love and does everything to be a good BF. The girls are also ...
Attack on Titan started out like any general action show with a protagonist who fights for justice with his super power and friendship. I didn't rank it that high as a good story that much until the later half of the show. The ending was perfect and I believe there's no better way to end this although I love Eren so much and would want him to be alive so bad or at least be the last man standing. I actually understand his reasoning and thought that I actually kind of predicting the ending before seeing him explaining most of his decision with Armin. It's ...
Nihonbashi Koukashita R Keikaku is a short anime music video created by Jin featuring the VOCALOID IA. It is a light-hearted and visually stunning video that is sure to put a smile on your face.. . Strengths. . - Short and sweet: The video is only two minutes long, so it is perfect for a quick pick-me-up.. - Great art and visual VFX: The art style is colorful and vibrant, and the visual effects are top-notch.. - Light-hearted video: The video is full of humor and lightheartedness, making it a great way to relax and enjoy yourself.. - Cute characters: The characters are all very cute and endearing, and it is impossible ...
I am honestly shook at how bad the rating was for this. I went in with VERY low expectations and it ended up being really good! There’s not a lot of good horror anime out there that is able to really capture that anxious tension and jump scare quality, but this did it!. . It’s not really connected to the movie so much but that’s fine. These kinds of situations will happen anywhere a zombie outbreak is happening so it definitely fits into the cannon. The character development and ending was SUPER unexpected in a good way.. . If you’re a horror fan I think you’re gunna have fun. ...
This show may not be flashy, nor looking like a gourmet anime for connoisseurs, nor does it has some bombastic title that catches attention or takes up the first lines of a grade 4 essay. What it does have is a delightful cast who mess around a series of arcs that vary from eh to actually creepy. It reaches low points yeah but when it hits high, boy does it hits high.. . Ghost Hunt is a fairly sizable anime about a group of medium, spiritualists, and normies who tackle various supernatural circumstances throughout its runtime. Not the most original concept but just like how Heinz revolutionized ...
Overall Impression. Its a charming and entertaining anime that delivers a delightful blend of comedy, heartwarming moments, and captivating character development. It stands out in the realm of Isekai anime with its unique premise and endearing cast of characters, making it a must-watch for fans of the genre and newcomers alike.. . Points of Excellence. . 1. Great Comedic and Complex Stories. . The anime excels in its ability to blend humor with heartfelt storytelling. The comedic timing and delivery are impeccable, with Asahi's struggles to adapt to his new surroundings and his interactions with the eccentric characters he encounters providing a constant stream of hilarious moments. Maya's overprotective and doting nature ...
The second movie in the Rebuild of Evangelion series is Evangelion: 2.0 You Can (Not) Advance. Mari Makinami is a new character in the movie, and she provides a fresh perspective that raises questions about her role in the plot. Shinji, the main character, gets a new roommate named Asuka Langley Shikinami, who surprises him with her abilities to pilot an Eva unit and her enthusiasm for it. Shinji tries to settle into his life in Tokyo-3.. . Compared to the previous movie, You Can (Not) Advance takes more liberties with the story, creating a new and exciting experience for both fans and newcomers. The plot and ...
Can't say why but like this show! I just do!. . "The moon is red. The frenzy has begun. The time of awakening is near". . However, It is not necessarily a serious show or necessarily a complete comedy show although it is. Not many people will like this show I believe. Even I can't believe I like it enough to keep watching. This season specifically, liked the first arc with the vampire queen and liked some episodes of Mr. Smith arc. Found some episodes and some scenes boring though.. . It is good when it is really good parody but boring when its not. Overall, I wouldn't call it a really ...
the story was pretty unique, and the comedy felt natural, it was a good blend of comedy along with confronting trauma and deep topics. the characters were silly and i love them all dearly ^-^. the art style is very pretty, and it suited my tastes perfectly. . id watch this if your into goofy anime with that old feeling, but have developing characters.. its a good anime to watch in your free time and turn your brain off to. . i have pretty low standards, but 10/10 for me. i watched the thanks giving episode on thanksgiving, i dont regret it at all
Akudama drive is one of those shows which begins as something absolutely insane bonkers and over the top ridiculous in every way, but somehow manages to become poignant and moving by the end. In the first episode we are introduced to a set of characters who come from different criminal backgrounds who have to come together to complete important missions set by a mysterious cat. The first episode is definitely not the strongest in terms of animation I feel like it's kind of all over the place, as it feels like they're trying to experiment with a lot of different styles and they haven't quite ...
I love this anime because from the very beginning the viewer and the characters are all aware of how it's going to end.. . There's no way around it. And yet, we still choose to get emotionally attached despite knowing the future pain. That's the knowledge and philosophy everyone had to carry with them if they had a Giftia. They know eventually it would end, but they still decide to go through with it anyway. That's the same as us the viewer. We know Isla isn't going to be around for long, and yet we get attached to her and root for their relationship despite it being ...
LUPIN – MEMORIES OF THE FLAME: TOKYO CRISIS is definitely one of the best Lupin films. Very well made.. . All the main cast get a chance to truly shine.. Jigen and Goemon are metaphorically speaking handicapped for a big chunk of the movie. But as soon as the handicap is lifted they show what they are really capable of.. Fujiko is greedy and seductive as always. But her design is not good in this. I could barely recognize her.. Zenigata shows once again what a great detective he really is.. . The story revolves around a psychic girl and something terrible that happened to her and her father when she ...
-Inu-Ou Review.-. . . Most modern anime movies (that aren’t tied to a series that is) usually fall into one of these two trends: Makoto Shinkai rip-off or Ghibli rip-off.. . . But there was a time, years ago, when this wasn’t the case.. . You won’t believe this, but there was a time when weird movies like “Memories”, Satoshi Kon films, and Mamoru Oshii movies got made and released. . . ...
You'll like it if:. • You're searching for a light-hearted high school romcom.. • You're tired of waiting 2 seasons for the main ship to confess and another 3 for them to hold hands.. • You miss those little fun moments in high school with your friends.. • You love the small instances that build the dynamic between characters.. . You won't like it if:. • You want something drama-heavy.. • You're looking for a complex story.. • You absolutely despise even remotely cliche characters.. ...
Really liked it. Honestly if you have prejudice when it comes to CGI I'm telling you this is one of the best animes with it you'll see. The story is great and quite easy to grasp if you ask me. The character design is also in my opinion really great. Not much to say, but I really reccomend it, especially if you're into fantasy/steampunk. I've rewatched it three times as of now I think, which for me means that it is absolutely great and does not deserve a grade of lower then nine. I greatly recommend it but i've not read the manga so it ...
Truly a spectacular anime this season. Most guys won't even muster up a courage to ask a girl out, this guy did it a 100 times without losing hope after and after, and got "bless" by God. Not one, or two, but a hundred.. . This is refresher of the harems anime I've watched, where the scenarios are the same, girls are always to 3-5 and this one is a hundred and whole another scenarios, whether fighting whoever feeds,kiss the MC, making sure your girlfriends get along with each other and the MC's equal love to all the girls.(No Favoritism). . Plus I'm shock to see how good the ...
This might be the best Idol anime ever.. Every episode is special and every episode we get to learn more about the main characters.. At first I didn't like "The Wall" but the more i watched the more i started accepting him.. The Opening: This opening music is amazing, The first time i heard it, I fell in Love with it, now it sits on my spotify (:. The more we learn about the characters backstories or even the present of them, we fall in love and can't stop thinking about them.. Not everything is sunshine and rainbows, most of the characters have a sad backstory and I think it ...
Pluto, as it says on the subtitle, is based on the Astro Boy story, “The Greatest Robot on Earth”. But instead of just focusing on Astro Boy, it focuses on the entire world of Astroboy,. Fun fact, the original 1950s manga Astroboy takes place in the year 2003, and that year was when the Urasawa’s manga of Pluto was published, then an anime happened and the rest is history.. . Bit of a warning right now, this anime is not as much of an action packed spectacle as seen from the trailer. I can see this anime boring a lot of you, especially in this era of ...
In my view, this show stands out for several reasons. Firstly, its story, characters, and their development are genuinely intriguing. Despite the main character's overpowered nature, this series avoids the typical power fantasy trope common in Isekai anime. Instead, it focuses heavily on mystery, making it a standout within the genre. The depth given to each character, including the well-written and consistent character development, is impressive. Even minor characters are fleshed out, drawing viewers into their stories. While it progresses slowly, this deliberate pacing allows for a more immersive storytelling experience. If you appreciate mystery-driven narratives and don't mind a slower progression, this show might ...
An engrossing and thought-provoking film that descends into the nuances of politics, power, and identity. The film is a visual feast, with the dark and moody animation complimenting the gritty nature of the story well. What makes Jin Roh so special is its portrayal of how war affects psychologically on both individual and societal levels. The characters struggle with their humanity as well as the blurring of borders between duty and personal values.. . The political entice and metaphorical themes add layers of complexity to the film, making it one that stays with you long after the credits have rolled. I watched the film a week ago ...
I approach the Taimanin Asagi and ZIZ/LiLith-related OVAs, eroges, and games with a bias, as I am a big fan of the franchise and multiverse. I am a late-cummer (literally) to this hentai and only watched it when Annerose Vajra (the protagonist) was released as a playable character (albeit with much controversy stuck behind a steep paywall) on the game Action Taimanin. To thoroughly enjoy this OVA, you should enjoy a dose of erotic fantasy, action-adventure, rape and ryona, femme fatales, and of course, bad ends, which are some of my big favorites. Don't expect happy endings (other than the ones you make for yourself) ...
This fourth OVA of the Tsuma Netori series is a prequel to the events of the eroge and the past three episodes. I have not played the eroge yet and while watching this there were no English subtitles available so I will be reviewing this based solely on my arousal and enjoyment towards this episode (as most of us are expecting from such a series anyway). Firstly, if you are into BDSM, NTR, subjugation and mind-breaking, fluids (lots of saliva, sperm, and yes includes a scene with watersports and scat), and the consistently great erotic art direction and expression of ZIZ/LiLith, then this will be ...
Compared to season 1 it definitely takes a different turn in tone. A lot more focused on the growth of Chise as an individual i find and how she deals with emotions / relationships. I personally dont mind the shift in tone and enjoyed it quite a bit. If you found season 1 to be a bit slow then i think season 2 onwards may appeal more to you as the pace picks up a little and has a interesting line of events occuring (trying to stay away from spoilers). . All in all if you liked season 1 but found it slow , season 2 might ...
fullmetal is the best anime of its time until now and that will never change even though times are getting more sophisticated and advanced fullmetal can really be appreciated starting from the neat and consistent storyline as well as the perfect ending in my opinion and fullmetal the best anime of all time.. . Apart from that, this anime also teaches what the meaning of life is and there are many lessons contained in it, such as the concept of equal exchange.. . and Fullmetal, the world in it is really complex, very organized and neat, the main character is also Edward Elric who learns from the past to ...
This series is just what it says on the tin: a story about the femme fatale, what made her who she is and how she intersects with Lupin. It lacks much of the humor of the mainline series, though that does peek through in places. It’s a much more serious tale, and the art style does a lot of the heavy lifting in making you feel that, all harsh lines that make it seem like a noir, hard boiled detective story, which in some cases it most definitely is. The art didn’t always work for me, as I’m not the biggest fan of Lupin’s redesign, ...
Noragami meets Muhyo and Roji meets Pokemon. After a slow start in the first couple episodes this anime has 'graduated' from a 'yeah this is fine', to 'this is incredible'. The F Tunnel Arc was legitimately the most I've enjoyed a few-episode-arc in a any anime in quite some time. The art style is quite nice, the horror elements are genuinely unsettling, and the comedy is not overbearing. The show seems to follow several mini-arcs where the mechanics of the word are explained, and while I'm only halfway through the season, the excitement for new information and new ghosts are palpable. I can't wait to ...
Arrietty the Borrower, known as The Secret World of Arrietty in North America, is a movie based on a book titled The Borrowers. In this world, borrowers are miniature sized people who make a living by secretly taking small amounts of food and other household items from regular human beings. By small amounts, they have to take things minimally so the regular humans don't notice. That also means that when they are collecting things they need to survive, they have to remain undetected.. . The story begins with a young boy named Sho staying at his mother's home during the summer being under the care of his ...
Yofukashi no Uta stands true by its name: Call of the Night, and I mean this not just in the literal sense but also in the metaphorical sense.. . Synopsis:. Call of the Night represents an adventure into the unknown, filled with all sorts of excitements, escapisms and dangers on all fronts, whether we are aware of them or not.. To reinforce this concept, our main primary protagonist, Kou, embodies the willingness to blindly adventure into the night to distract himself from the mundane reality he's associated with, while our secondary protagonist-sometimes antagonist, depending on your perspective, represents the concept of the Call of the Night as ...
A Refreshing Tale of Love and What-Ifs. . The harem genre has become a staple, often presenting a protagonist surrounded by a bevy of potential romantic partners. However, Amagami SS breaks away from this conventional mold, offering a unique and refreshing take on the romantic comedy genre.. . A Narrative that Redefines the Harem. . Amagami SS follows the story of Junichi Tachibana, a high school student still reeling from the pain of a past heartbreak. As Christmas approaches, the memories of his ex-girlfriend's betrayal resurface, casting a shadow over his festive spirit. However, fate has other plans, and Junichi's path intertwines with six remarkable girls, each with their own distinct ...
Evangelion is an anime that has garnered a vast following due to its apocalyptic narrative. It revolves around Shinji Ikari, a 14-year-old boy who controls the Evangelion machine to battle the Angels, a new enemy that threatens humanity after the Second Impact.. . Throughout the show, Shinji is joined by other pilots, including Rei Ayanami, Asuka Langely Soryu, and his guardian, Misato Katsuragi. The series explores the psychological issues of each character, delving into the reasons behind their thoughts and actions.. . Although the series has been criticized for its unsatisfactory plot and themes and the fact that budget constraints prevented it from being properly concluded, it still ...
Reviewing the third movie in the Berserk trilogy, the plot continues from where the previous movie left off, with Guts leaving the Band of the Hawk and Griffith being captured. After a year, Guts returns to rescue Griffith, who has become a mere shadow of his former self.. . As far as the trilogy goes, this movie is the best one yet. The introduction feels a bit rushed, and some scenes from the manga are either missing or rearranged, but it doesn't significantly impact the flow of the story. Although, as a fan, I would have preferred the movie to adhere more closely to the manga, I ...
The movie continues from where the previous one left off. It centers around Guts pondering the concept of genuine friendship, as defined by Griffith, and how it affects the team. Those who are familiar with the manga and the 1997 series will recognize the starting and ending points. However, there are also three appearances from manga-exclusive characters.. . While the animation quality in this movie is not as consistent as that of the previous one, the faster scenes are smoother. The slow-motion scenes can be choppy and uneven, but the graphic violence and gore are depicted in great detail. This makes up for some of the animation ...
Shiki Souma, Mima Takayuki, Igarashi Motoharu, Ichikura Hayate and Futami Shun all have one thing in common besides being a male. They're both really clumsy, not in the sense where they'd fall 24 7 but they get into embarassing situations tons of times per day. You know when your pants aren't perfectly zipped and everyone notices besides you ? That's their everyday life.. . You're looking for a warm and wholesome anime ? Cool Doji Danshi should be the perfect match ! The episodes are short yet always fun to watch and without noticing you'll be hooked to this cute story! The characters will all meet ...
Visual Appeal: Tezuka Productions, the studio behind the popular anime "Kanojo mo Kanojo," is known for its detailed and graphic animation style. "Megami no Café Terrace" continues this tradition, bringing to life the characters and their world with vibrant colors and intricate details. From the expressive facial expressions to the meticulously crafted backgrounds, the anime is a visual feast for the eyes.. . Sound and Music: The opening and ending themes of "Megami no Café Terrace" are catchy and memorable, setting the tone for the anime's lighthearted and romantic atmosphere. The background music throughout the series is equally well-composed, complementing the visuals and enhancing the emotions of ...
Tasteful is the flesh of the Gods, and in their blood the life of man flows from and back into them. Blood that is shed over all works of love made from such warm bodies. This creation at the hands of man, with grace, presents a piece dyed crimson, saturated in rose colored life. One could be left wanting nothing, and yet still return to its loving embrace parched and in need to drink out of its chalice siphoned from the rivers of its blood. Such is this work so fashioned in fleshy excellence.. . Where some would see no more than another acorn at the ...
Keep your tissues close at the start.. . Very well balanced theme despite how heavy and dark it seems.. . Frieren is not an emotionally open character and she also seems to be oblivious to those around her. Including their significance and impact. It could be because of the passage of time that she has hardened her heart or it’s simply who she is.. . Himmel is a character that left the biggest impression on her and on me too as a viewer. He had once said to her that he puts statues everywhere so she remembered that ‘…we lived’. ‘…she wouldn’t be alone’. This was beautifully captured. ...
This anime was so fun! I was pleasantly surprised!. . The characters were all very human and well-written, the animation was wonderful and thoughtful, and the soundtrack was cute when it needed to be and serious when it needed to be. All-in-all a really well done series.. . Quick synopsis. Cute alien waifu accidentally kills an earth boy and has to fuse her body with his to keep him alive. They have to work together to stop some evil villains from carrying out their evil plans. Think Ranma 1/2 mixed with Parasyte: The Maxim.. . I had no expectations going into this and I came out very pleased with what I ...
An anime that shows the journey of a young girl without sexualization or questionable romantic relationships?! Frieren: Beyond Journey's End will leave you in both tears and jaw-hurting smiles.. The protagonist of this story, Frieren, is a seemingly emotionless, elven mage who has lived for an unspecified amount of time. One decade of her life she spends in the hero's party, defeating the demon king and his army. This small, but extremely crucial part of her life is a catalyst for her future adventures. As the people in her past leave, she's left with messages and missions. And though her ...
(this review will contain some punctuation mistakes). . Kill la Kill is the best series of anime and series in general of all. Why? Damn, the series is so fun that worths all the matter and you will have an exciting and funny time watching it, you won`t loose anything looking at the series, man, the series is pure absurdity and diversion, is not that smart or awesome but yes it is at least fine (what is pretty awesome for you) and you should watch it if you are some of those really exigent people that cannot find nothing adecuate for his great tastes... sooooooo... oh yeah... ...
The only manga i have read and enjoyed the series that was animated. Loved the idea of what happens after the adventure is over and i reflected a lot on the relatable trait of missing the journey because i was so focused on the destination or flat out didnt care because my mind wasnt there. There character development can seem rapid but if you take into account that time lasses differently for frieran it is easier to understand.The art style is beautiful and I am just excited to see what comes next. Oh and i love that the passing of time is very apparent. A ...
What is the meaning of running, where is the finish line, where is our peak? The anime leaves several lessons that we will surely take with us for life: the lesson of practicing sports for fun and, finally, to win; the lesson of learning to live with people, overcoming difficulties, and never being alone wherever you go, even when you are alone.. . "Run with the Wind" is an anime where we follow the story of Kakeru and the track team overcoming their difficulties, learning to live together, and becoming companions in a way that the emotion will be etched into your soul until the last moment ...
Review summary: A nice 70 minute animated movie. It's packed with just the right amount of happy, tearful, and bit a dark scenes.. Who should watch: People who liked movie paintings by movie trailer. People who like anime about workplace. Also recommended for children.. Who should not watch: There's no thrill or suspense. You will become sleepy.. . (Note: I have not read the original manga.). . (+) A colorful department store and many animals appear.. As you can see from the movie's trailer, it's colorful. The four seasons are beautifully painted. Also, many animals (including extinct animals) appear, so it's fun to watch.. . (+) A story about getting used to job.. A story ...
Sousou no Frieren: Your Cozy Fantasy Escape! 🌟🧝‍♀️🔮. . If you're on the lookout for your next binge-worthy fantasy series, let me hit you with the inside scoop on Sousou no Frieren. Saitou Keiichirou has brewed up something special this fall, and this anime is like a warm cup of cocoa for your soul – comforting, delightful, and just what you need. ☕️✨. . So, what's the lowdown on Frieren and her squad? Picture this: after a thousand years of slaying monsters and kicking Demon King butt, our elven mage, Frieren, decides it's time for a personal quest. The gang disbands, and Frieren is all, "Wait, maybe I should've ...
I had known that Chihayafuru has been compared to 3-gatsu no Lion in several ways so I always had an interest in it as I absolutely love the latter series so when I got it for my swap this month I was very excited and I can already say that I definitely wasn't disappointed.. . Now much like with 3-gatsu, I don't really understand the game that is the main theme of the series, this time it being a Japanese hanafuda card game called Karuta. But also similarly like with 3-gatsu, me not understanding the game fully (although in this case the game is much simpler) did ...
One piece holds a special place in my heart, similar to how Bleach is for me because these two anime were the long running ones which I saw after watching Naruto and getting introduced to anime.. . One piece is seemingly just two words but if you'd ask me about how I describe this series then it would be just one word. Legendary!. . Initially before watching One piece, I was the type of person who like everyone else was daunted by the abysmal amount of episodes, I started One piece in 2015, and back then the episode count was around 500 or something like that.. . The story ...
This modern iteration of Urasawa's landmark work is a beautiful representation of how people experience love and hate, expressing it through their ingenuity.. This deeply philosophical and poignant story is a mystery at its core, in which we follow both a journey of self actualization and a series of murders. The animation quality carries this heavy burden gallantly, and offers the founders of anime a proper homage (primarily of Tezuka's work) by both understanding and enhancing the original characters. Some may find the references to current events heavy-handed, but the gravitas required merits it.. This show will test the viewers emotional intellect and media literacy in ...
Its nothing amazing. Its essentially a 30 minute episode stretched into a full length movie.. But i found it entertaining and funny.. . Lupin is searching for the golden tower of Babylon.. There are references to Hitler/Nazis which is typical for the Lupin franchise.. Also aliens. Because why not.. The Pink Jacket series has always been seen as the weakest but i do truly like its silliness.. . The other cast members dont get to do much. More focus is put on Lupin and Fujiko, who make a good couple in this.. Zenigata teams up with female ICPO agents from around the world but not enough focus is put on that.. Goemon has ...
Another good anime, a treat to watch.. . Sure the animation is a bit uglier, compared to Katsudou Shashin, specially the eyes movment, but it's still a smooth, fluid animation. Just like for Katsudou Shashin it dosen't give you the feeling of just quick flipping through the the paper. The story is sweet and quit easy to follow. Sadly there is no sound, but a bit undertsandable due to time period. And despite the characters being ugly they are quit likable.. . So if you want another blast from the past give it a try.. . And can say that the director did do a good job. Although the subs ...
This is a pure work of art. Those who watch it and say its a waste of time deserve to have their time wasted. Those who would watch it and say its disappointing deserve to be let down. Those who would watch it and say the story is non existent do not deserve to experience the intricate story. Those who would watch it and say the soundtrack is soulless do not deserve to experience the immaculate soundtrack. This show brings justice to an unjust world. It is not the anime we deserved but the one we need.. . It is the duty of every member of ...
This is the perfect 4 out of 10 show that I only have a vested interest in because I want my friend who is an actual ESports Caster for Valorant, @endercasts, to VA in.. If you have connections, he is interested and willing to take a role. No cap. . That aside, where to begin.. . This show sucks. Like really sucks. Like your bottom fragger is a squeaker who keeps peaking their mic telling the team to Rush B... while on defense.. But somehow the strat works because the other team is just brain dead enough to run that play every round even as you buy Odins ...
Watching Higurashi was a stressful experience, because not only was I not used to watching Horror anime and gorey anime as frequently in 2017, I also had my midterm exams coming up in a week. So my tension was high but amidst all that I dont know how I made the decision to start Higurashi back then but it was well worth it because to this day I think Higurashi did the horror and mystery element extremely well. So much so that it kept me on my feet, Episodes after episode, I was left dumbfounded. I was scared, confused and was craving for more.. . The ...
Saitou, Keiichirou is really cooking up a storm this fall, Sousou no Frieren brings a breath of fresh air to fantasy anime fans. Beautiful anime quality, neat story pacing, and music that is both relaxing and epic to listen to, even with well-made battle scenes, makes Frieren the best anime of this season (according to the reviews and ratings of most people on this website).. . like fantasy anime in general, where there is magic, various races, monsters, even demons in the medieval era. The main conflict in this anime has passed and the story is set in a time when the demon king has been defeated. ...
One of my most beloved fictional works is Berserk due to its profound emphasis on character development despite the abundance of sword fighting and battles. Regrettably, the film does not allocate sufficient time to nurture the characters, and many crucial scenes are either abbreviated or omitted, detracting from the overall experience. Nonetheless, it still provides a pretty decent adaptation.. . The movie's computer-generated aesthetic is pretty good, particularly with respect to lighting and cinematography. The action sequences are well-animated, making them more intense than the original series. Despite the characters' insufficient focus, they are still well-presented. Guts's backstory is presented subtly, contributing to the mystery surrounding his ...
Re:Zero kara Hajimeru Isekai Seikatsu 2nd Season Part 2, the much-anticipated continuation of the popular anime series, delivers on all fronts, offering a captivating blend of emotional depth, compelling characters, and thrilling action. The series masterfully builds upon the foundations laid by its predecessor, taking viewers on a rollercoaster ride of love, loss, and redemption.. . Plot Twists and Improved Story:. . The second season's plot takes a dramatic turn, introducing unexpected twists and turns that keep the audience on the edge of their seats. The narrative is expertly crafted, weaving together intricate threads of mystery, suspense, and psychological exploration. The series delves deeper into the complexities of the ...
Berserk is a captivating experience that manages to keep the viewer engaged throughout. I must confess that there are a few shortcomings in the anime, such as some of the battle scenes having poor animation and the ending being somewhat of a letdown. However, despite these shortcomings, the positives outweigh the negatives by a significant margin. Berserk boasts an intricately woven plot and well-crafted character development, which more than compensates for the occasional subpar animation.. . The plot revolves around the life of Guts, a swordsman who follows his own code of conduct. He is constantly determined to better himself and stay alive, making him a captivating ...
The closest anime and Japan to get close to the Legendary Lord of the Ring.. solid story,. lovable characters,. attractive enemies. Slow paced anime that not recommended for adrenaline junkies and fan service lover. If you are an anime connoisseur this very balanced anime with plot, art and characters that transcends all the anime in the last 10 years maybe 20 years.. To understand the genre of Fantasy is a requirement to enjoy this anime thou.. The journey of Frieren is the pinnacle of fantasy anime can offer.. Frieren, Fern and Stark are pretty relatable characters in Fantasy setting and very meme-able with their strengths and flaws.. Frieren ...
Dragonball Super has its up's and downs. It starts off bad, picks up steam in Universe 6 v/s Universe 7 and the Zamasu saga, then spends too much time in filler before ending on a high with the Tournament of Power.. . Animation: 7/10 Really bad in Battle of Gods and the Golden Frieza Saga. Some amazing episodes in Tournament of Power as if finally Toei Animation decided to get serious.. . Forms: 8/10 Some great new forms such as Super Saiyan God and Ultra Instinct and some rather mediocre ones like Super Saiyan blue.. . Story: 6/10: Not much in terms of storytelling, the Zamasu arc was ...
This is a criminally underrated movie and when I found it, it just baffled my mind as to why it had such few members. So I went into it with zero expectation and I've gotta say, I was blown away by what was presented and the quality of the presentation.. . The story isnt special, its actually barely serviceable but it makes up for its lack of story with nicely written characters and an amazingly made world. I have a soft spot for post apocalyptic war torn stuff, especially in the far future where we have flying bikes and etc.. . The animation is some of the most ...
An extremely underrated movie by Katsuhiro Otomo (The director and creator of Akira).. I honestly dont know how I stumbled upon this movie but it was actually a really good one.. Story : Its about a society which is trying its best to provide welfare and care for its older residents (This plot alone is very unique). Basically the goverment funds a bed that takes care of the needs of the elderly and then everything goes wrong.. . It's a movie that doesnt make sense on paper, but while watching it I definitely learned some important stuff like that we should care for our elderly more and cherish them. ...
A concise, to the point anime, with unique characters, thrilling and at times depressing storyline and an extremely well written second half which ties back well into the first half of the anime. The first half starts of slow and is hard to binge in one go, but the series really kicks off around the half way mark and doesn't slow down till the end taking you on a roller coaster of emotions and really makes you rack your brains to follow along.. . The time travel concepts are quite well written. The first half really connects you well to all the characters and this ...
Hello World, much better than anticipated. I came here as usual by watching a short on a different platform and seeing the characters.. . The movie doesn't need a massive review but what it does need is recognition for being deep. There are classics like 'Weathering with You', 'A Silent Voice' and 'Your Name' etc. This wants to be at their level, almost but not quite. It is a fantastic watch, it is also slightly rushed but equally any slower and it would have dragged. I know that is a contradiction but it is just that sort of movie.. . What's great? The animation, the story, the ...
The show that for many people started their journey into anime. When Dragonball Z first aired on TV in the late 90s it was unlike most other shows on TV. Energetic opening, over the top unique characters, great fight scenes, unique concepts and most importantly an underlying lesson of being good, forgiving and always pushing yourself to your limits. For the western fan of the show, the Bruce Falconer score was the cherry on top, perfectly capturing the energy and emotion of the moment.. . So why should one care about it 2023? The overall story of Dragonball and Dragonball Z still holds up pretty well. ...
I really liked the first season and I can understand the people saying that it's rushed but nonetheless it's a good ending which left me satisfied and I strongly recommend you to watch. There are also thinks that I did not like tho like someone also wrote its the moral part of the erasing memories and a more deep view in the company would also been nice. I likes this anime because it's not like the other ones but axtuelly teaches you to enjoy your time you live. But for me I would have liked to have more logic plot. But it is good as ...
This is a timeless classic that I think should be seen by everyone whether they watch anime or not.. It presents an accurate portrayal of idol culture and pressure due to popularity gain. The film also has some really disturbing scenes so I definitely will not recommend this to someone who squirms at the sight of blood haha.. . I've seen this movie about 2 times, but both times, I was left feeling different than the other time. On my first watch, I couldnt grasp my mind around it because it just had a lot going on (I was also new to anime at that time) but in ...
This movie taught me the value of how a truly good story, outshines the rest.. Gundress was basically a production disaster during its conception phase, To the point that the movie looks really really really rough. Almost like an unfinished movie but the story is what kept me watching.. I honestly thought I was gonna hate this when I started it randomly but I was left content and satisfied by the end of the movie.. Definitely watch with an open mind regarding animation errors, It has superb voice acting and even good choreography in action scenes.. One of the better Old movies I've watched.
Popee the Performer is a fascinating gem that has garnered quite an audience since its release. Its uncanny CG art style has led itself to have a mostly negative reputation outside of its fanbase, with many calling it immature and ugly. Yet it's this bizarre and masterfully crafted surreal CG art style that gives this anime such a unique identity for itself. It makes the most of its raw, uncanny art style alongside its surreal comedy-horror to force the audience to be utterly baffled at all times. This unique identity of Popee is one that is unanimously celebrated by its fanbase. However, an aspect I ...
Hands down best anime of 2023. Interesting characters, good and well paced plot accompanied by beautiful animation. This anime manages to hit all the right spots. It is one of those anime that you can relax with while watching. Watching this from Frieren's perspective leaves me with a sense of melancholy. Having to watch everyone you cared about die while you remain the same is sad and leaves a feeling of emptiness and stagnation inside you that is well portrayed by Frieren. Those who enjoyed Violet Evergarden will definitely enjoy this one. The way characters react to the world around them is also quite ...
If LoTR was an anime.... . This was a big surprise for me. A major appeal of it for me is the RPG-vibes it gives. In fact, the characters almost feel NPC-like in a good way. They seem fairly one-dimensional and fit the role they are given both literally in the sense of a RPG party and figuratively in the story. I think this is done intentionally though because everything revolves around Frieren and her progression. She is the only one who has really experienced any character development and change so far.. . The rest of the anime emphasizes all the things that appeal to a open-world ...
It's time to write my opinion about Atarashii Joushi wa Do Tennen hehe! :). . Starting this series I kind of had a hard time getting into it, after episode 3 it kind of started to grow on me and it became more fun to watch! It's a very relaxing and funny anime which I've missed watching since I normally watch either romance or fantasy. The comedy and goofiness in this anime is top notch as well as the relationships and bonding of the characters. It's honestly a very heartwarming anime and I recommend it to everyone who's into slight of life/comedy, or even just for fun! ...
Vinland Saga, being as great as it is, isn't talked about much. It is the job of us, the one's who loved it, to spread it's name to more people and encourage them to watch this masterpiece.. . Vinland Saga's second season, contrary to the first season which was filled with action, has minimal action but truly focuses on Thorfinn's growth as a character. He has come a long way from a brat full of rage and now he seems to conflict his past self, realizing his mistakes. It's not just about Thorfinn but Einar too. The way he changes Thorfinn into a better human is well ...
No game No Life but it's mediocre. Still, it was a fun watch and I got to have new waifus. Himeji, Noa and Shiina are my favs lol. Shut off your brain and enjoy the series. No game No Life is still on top but it was a fun ride. Recommended if you have nothing to watch lmao. Art style is like that one anime.. I forgot the name but there's the senpai who's masochist, junior who's a sadist and his imouto that is inlove with her brother.. step-brother... The games are a bit all around but you can enjoy it.. plot armor gooes brr.. ...
There once was a man named Hector Finnegan, who was a legendary thief.. He is sentenced to death. But before they can hang him from the gallows, thieves from all over the world set a course to the prison. In hopes of saving Finnegan so he can lead them to his treasure.. Makes you think of Gold Roger doesn’t it? 🤔. . But there is much more going on here. Twist and turns.. Its another one of those Lupin has to save a kingdom type movies.. I like Fujiko in this. Greedy as always. Fujiko is a character who can be made as very likeable or detestable depending on the ...
Story 6/10. As someone who likes the otome game and even enjoyed the anime series I thought it was a lot of fun watching. At the beginning maybe a little bit confusing but once you’re in it’s a fun watch. Nothing too deep but for an OVA well done.. . Characters 9/10. Watching the characters interact with each other was really the most fun about this. They all stick to their characters and it’s refreshing to see how they “bond” (or un-bond – I know, that’s not a word). It was worth to watch just to see Ikki in a panda-costume and glasses *-*. Also all ...
This season was absolutely incredible! I don't even have words to describe how good this show is, especially in this season. All the development and all the buildup come together, and it is absolutely insane. The animation is great, the music is great but most of all the plot and would building is honestly some of the best stuff i have ever seen in a anime. Isayama is a absolute genius! Going into the show I just assumed it would be about a boy fighting monsters, BOY WAS I WRONG. It is show much deeper than that, watching season 1 to season 3, the audience ...
This is actually the best adaptation I've ever seen, besides Jujutsu Kaisen. The way they enhance the scenes from the manga is mind-blowing. I have never seen such an incredible masterpiece in anime production before. There's not a single point that I can find to be bad or average.. . Art:. Absolutely love it! Everything was drawn so well. The characters are properly depicted in terms of anatomy, perspective, consistency, and everything is incredible. As an artist, the best part of the art is the background. The landscapes are the most jaw-dropping scenes I've ever seen. I find myself pausing at a few shots just to admire the ...
"Monster" is an enthralling journey following a surgeon, Dr. Tenma, whose life takes a drastic turn after he saves a young boy who later becomes a notorious serial killer. This gripping tale delves deep into the complexities of morality, justice, and the intricate web of human nature.. . While the series is lengthy, its storytelling prowess shines through, keeping viewers engaged from start to finish. The meticulously crafted plot unravels methodically, maintaining intrigue and suspense until the very last episode. The depth of the narrative might seem daunting due to its length, yet each episode contributes significantly to the overall story, offering layers of mystery and thought-provoking ...
"Kusuriya no Hitorigoto" is a unique anime that blends medicine and palace drama in a captivating way. It follows the life of an apothecary and reveals the secrets and politics of the royal court.. . One of the things that makes this anime stand out is how it flips the usual roles: the main character, a woman, looks down on the male lead, bringing humor to the story. This unexpected twist adds fun to the serious palace intrigue.. . I was pleasantly surprised by how good this anime turned out to be. It goes beyond what I expected, diving into the complexities of court life and the challenges faced ...
As a guy who loves music and never been into dancing, or some kind of it..I have to say this anime was breathtaking and soul releasing. I have never thought I will watch dancing anime since I have never have interest in it. Welcome to ballroom focuses on feelings development and finding your own way of expressing yourself. Bond between the others is also the main theme of this anime. Characters are trying to understand and find a way to each other. I liked the way It was not only about the dance...It was more about the characters themselves...how they feel, what is their desire ...
In the realm of anime, "Hikikomari Kyuuketsuki no Monmon" stands out as a delightfully charming and hilarious gem, a testament to the power of unexpected stories, endearing characters, and a masterful blend of comedy and heart. From its captivating visuals to its infectious soundtrack, the series immerses viewers in a world of endearing oddities and delightful surprises.. . The anime's visual and audio presentation is nothing short of exceptional. The animation is fluid and expressive, bringing the characters and their world to life with vibrant colors and intricate details. The backgrounds are meticulously crafted, capturing the essence of both the fantastical and the mundane, while the character ...
As of the writing of this review, this anime is rated #1 on MAL, although I doubt the FMA-B fans will let that stand for long :P. . Now, is this "the best anime ever"? Probably not for a lot of people.. What this anime is however, is something that stands out far above the crowd. One of those series that you will watch and think back on fondly several years later. One of the series that just stays with you.. . It's beautifully presented, and, unlike the dime-a-dozen power-fantasy isekai that get pumped-out more and more each year, this anime side-lines the combat and tropes in favour of pure ...
Death. Desolation. Guilt. Loss. Suffering. Depravity. A trip down the deepest, most harrowing aspects of the human condition. Elfen Lied is the one anime that was not afraid to reach extremes to tell a story.. . Released in 2004, Elfen Lied still holds up quite decently to this day. While its animation and sound quality are obviously subpar to the average modern anime, it makes it up by having really great scenery and a fantastic plot and lore. A Diclonious, a humanoid being with "vectors", invisible hands, and a desire to exterminate the human race; this is the main focus of Elfen Lied's plot. The story focuses ...
So Nina’s shop is basically therapy, huh?. . This short series can only truly be described as a mix of emotions, in the best way.. . There are parts of this series that I truly needed, especially in terms of my identity and confidence, as well as a deep dive into what truly motivates me to keep going. Nina is a really interesting character and the fact is that a lot of the time, the people who strive to help others who have been hurt before, the most, have been hurt themselves.. . The messages in this show are astounding, the visuals are confusing, yet also pretty stunning. I wouldn’t say ...
I like the 90 vibes I get, the music is the most memorable of all Anime I watched. I'm even scared of driving my car with Initial D music.. . A Kid who finds his interest in car racing, Art Style fits the timeline. Characters were good, even the mysterious father. The Comedy is good too. If you like competitive Anime, this is for you. . I'm not really interested in cars, but this one caught me good. Animation gets better every Season, did not really care that the first season had an old animation. ...
Extra Stage is a branch off of what you're used to from Initial D. Instead of following Takumi we are following some of his allies and it's actually somewhat a breath of fresh air. I do find it to be a decent OVA in terms of breaking the series up a little.. Basically Extra Stage is a little break on the intense action, with some faster pacing and a still decent and enjoyable story.. Nothing crazy, nothing to awe at. But something to kick back and relax to!. Also the Lan - Evo arc in Stage Two was probably my least favorite, however there is a return of ...
The anime has a beautiful artstyle and is able to transport you to a whole different world through very well written characters and plot . Its been a long time since i had that magical feeling watching something.. Nenes caracter is just adorable and if you are a girl u ll definetly relate !. I love how every caracter has its own fears and desires and eventhough the anime is overall very light and entretaining to watch it still deals with topics like death and abuse . Sadly ,theres no second season yet because i had the feeling it was getting more intense as the episodes ...
Fire Force S2 continues its firebending adventures with a smidgen more quality, along with improvements to story and characters. It may not quite reach the highs of some other shounen, but it's definitely solidified itself as a strong title.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 8/10. -----------------------------------------------. . There is variance from episode to episode, but when it's good, it's really good. Great visuals along with some really impressive fight coordination makes for some amazing spectacles in key episodes.. . . Sound / Music / Voice Acting - 8/10. ...
tl;dr: A harem wish fulfillment type anime with no depth that’s very open about what it wants to do and manages to do it pretty well.. . This anime isn’t an isekai, but it follows a lot of the standard isekai tropes. It features the protagonist, Noir, gaining a number of skills that make him overpowered and then a bunch of girls fall in love with him. What I think makes this a bit unique is that it felt like it was much more open and blatant in being a wish fulfillment fantasy compared to most similar anime, for better or worse. The primary example of this ...
I personally didnt care for the design of Lupin.. However i found this cross-over to be very fun.. Really showcasing the skills of Lupin but also of Cat's Eye aswell.. I havent seen Cat's Eyes since i was a child. So my knowledge of that anime is limited.. . The movie has a predictable twist.. But a touching and satisfying ending. Lupin truly is the gentleman thief with a heart of gold.. It was cool to see the clumsy Toshio Utsumi team up with the skillful and determined Zenigata. Was fun to see them work together.. And the Cat's sisters looked sexy in their outfits 🍑
If you ever watched harem animes as a young lad and wanted to see what it would look like if all the girls got happy endings, then this is the anime for you.. . Comedy in anime has never really appealed to me. It's either childish slapstick or overused tropes that maybe were funny when first watching anime but has just gotten stale over time.. . But 100 girlfriends actually made me laugh using the same style of comedy. As others mention, yes, this is satire, but it's done in a way that is smart. Each of the girlfriends represents a typical romantic interest girl archetype in animes but ...
best shit ive ever watched, this is coming from a person who has tried watching it twice but dropped it and also a former one piece hater. the only flaw with one piece is the pacing and unnecessary moments, its hard to watch it when it’s being painfully slow and showing boring fights or unnecessary scenes of a character running around but trust me, it’s ssooooooooo worth it.. . If action and adventure isn’t your thing then i wouldnt recommend it but otherwise, i really would. literally so many well written characters, dynamics, parallels, world building etc. So many great moments that literally made me throw my phone ...
The best anime I've seen . Like it has it all what I search and of course the fan service ,still without that it would be still great . Both the animation style and the plot were really good and i always had that feeling that something might just jump out of nowhere. The characterswere kinda realistic like every zombie/horror movie or series you'll find out there animated or not. At some point I was fed up with a character but still in the end you can understand why they're like that if you'veseen any other shows. The OVA was funny and a must for ...
As far as a synopsis goes, it's a pretty cliche SAO-type VR game anime with no life or death stakes. However, the anime accepts its cliche starting point and is actually good at the execution level. It's not reinventing the wheel or offering a crazy novel story that'll shred your underwear, but it's likeable and interesting as an open-ended adventure.. . I usually dislike VR anime because of the game/everyday life split, as the out-of-game stuff feels twice as boring and trivial compared to the action and adventure of the game world. That I like this anime is proof that such is not the case here. In ...
First of all, I have seen the original FMA and although it was very popular and original, the pacing and conclusion did not sit too well with me. Brotherhood is meant to be a remake of the original, this time sticking to the manga all the way through, but there were people who thought it would spoil the franchise. That myth should be dispelled, as there's only one word to describe this series - EPIC.. . I admit that as I've seen the original and read the manga, the pacing of Brotherhood seems to start off being VERY fast (I finally got used to the pacing after ...
I don't tend to write reviews but I thought I would for this one. The year of 2023 is liking to match popular, delinquent, or gyaru girls with a normie guy that isn't popular at all. I don't hate it. I enjoyed the romance in the anime and the ecchi. What I didn't enjoy is how dense the characters are and the amount of misunderstandings which is reminicent of kimi no todoke. That said, I do think that while these misunderstandings are frustrating to watch it is messy like real life so I can't fault it.. . If you like a lighthearted romance with ...
You've heard the old familiar tale, how Lupin came to life.. But do you know the story... of how Lupin took a wife?. . Well thats what Lupin III Part 4 is about.. . Subtitled “Italian Adventure”. Its sometimes simply referred to as Lupin III.. Released in 2015 and should not be confused with the original 1971.. . It can be seen as a reboot of sorts. Its a good starting point for those new to the franchise since its the first of the more modern series in the franchise.. . ...
Lupin III Part 3 is seen as the weakest in the series.. And I understand why. The animation in this is pretty bad.. . HOWEVER, bad animation aside Part 3 is frankly amazing.. It has the most touching, tragic stories that would make you cry.. . Its also one of my favorite portrayals of Fujiko. Because she’s not a giant c*#% in this one compared to the other seasons.. I think its one of the few seasons where it shows how much she really cares for Lupin. She still betrays him in this as usual. But she would cry if anything bad were to happen to him. Fujiko is frankly adorable ...
(Before I start, I'd like to mention that I haven't read the source material and watched this movie completely blind.). . =====Introduction=====. A Silent Voice is a movie that's great at what it does, using emotions as a narrative to tell a heartwarming story that tugs at the heartstrings of its audience while tackling complex feelings and themes, and any anime that tries a similar approach is usually critiqued heavily for its lack of depth or for having a heavy focus on its drama. But this movie does more things right than the areas it falls short on. I saw 'Your Name' last year and found it interesting ...
Ouran High School Host Club is an anime about a "commoner" girl who manages to get into a high school for rich people because of her grades but ends up breaking a vase, forcing her to act like a boy and work in the host club to pay off her debt.. . While this sounds a bit weird for a premise it actually works quite well with a story that can be fun/interesting to watch. The story is episodal, which means that every topic and thing that happens is restricted to a single episode with many side-characters never appearing again after their respective episode. Not all ...
The first season was drastically different to this season, that's not a bad thing though. Many watchers saw that this season was a huge change of pace and different and didn't like it, and that's fine, its not for everybody.. . This season as i stated before is a huge change of pace; its not action packed for the most part and it's set in mostly just one place, because of this it is often seen as lazy and generic. As a light novel reader i can say that it has a lot more to it than many realise. The whole point of this season is having ...
MDZS was a very enjoyable series overall.. . Strong points of the series:. Good world building and setting, nuanced characters with interesting backstories, beautiful art style, good integration of the musical instrument bits, nice political tension between clans, coherent events through time, great voice acting in the original language and Japanese dub.. . Weak points of the series:. Could have been slightly gayer, and the animation could have been better (there are also some 3D animation bits here and there which always breaks the immersion for me personally, on a positive note they weren't that bad compared to 3D scenes I've encountered in other animated series...). . *side note, ...
When I joined this site, The first review I ever posted was of Naruto but it's extremely outdated now and my vocabulary was limited 7 years ago so I figured its time to delete that one and totally redo it, So here we are. This is going to be a loooong review including my personal thoughts and how it affected me so strap on!. . This review is for the entire Naruto series, keep that in mind.. . For most people, the way they got introduced to anime is probably via Dragon ball, Pokémon, Beyblade, Bakugan etc. And while I did watch these shows growing up, no other show ...
Supernatural? Harem? School life?. And even more, but you won't be overhelmed.. It's suprisingly well balanced with some humor and action. When the show will going to the end you won't believe that you enjoyed it soo much.. The animation is't lacking, plot twists and story is enjoyable, on other hand you have opening and ending songs with are definitelly not worst.. No matter if it was my first time watching or re-watch 8 years later, I couldn't skip thru them, they give you no less fun than anime.. Definitely recommend, also It's must have to read manga after the show!
First of all, understand that Mirai Mizue is to animation what an abstract artist like Georgia O'Keefe or Wassily Kandinsky is to painting. You won't find a story or a particular subject image here, just like you won't find one in a Jackson Pollack splash canvas - that's the whole point, you look for the beauty in the way the subject-less chaos nevertheless comes together into beautiful order, or from how the animation techniques themselves are explored, and/or perhaps from the evocative feelings the whole combined thing gives you in a more nebulous way.. . Common themes which Mizue likes to explore in his works are passages ...
it felt like a dream that u have in a good night sleep if feels long but good when u wake up a feeling of refreshment the people u will never see again and the feeling that just disappeared as soon as the dream ended but all u could do is now live and keep the memories safe inside u that nobody will ever know or understand about . the art style was amazing how they fight/use magic felt amazing the art style makes it feel like a hazy memory that u want to remember but u cant. the main character frieren feels like ...
When there are two sides opposing against each other, like, lets say there's good and evil, you would want to root for the good, right? The good could be people who are trying to save the world from the grasps of the evil, ones who could wrongly use the world for their own gain. Obviously you'd want the world to maintain the peace it holds as is, right? So you'd naturally want the good to prevail.. . But that's where Shiki stops you and crosses that belief out. 'Who is the real evil?', it asks. It asks so fiercely, so unrelentingly.. . Sotoba is a quiet rural village closed ...
i love this show, its so funny. the animation grows on you after a little and is honestly kind of nice to look at. underrated as hell!! please watch it. live love laugh jinming. Story is cliche (ish?) but the characters are super well rounded and amazing that its like somehow 10x better. character development is super well paced and honestly the super silly artsyle fits the overall themes of the show. its a nice casual show just to watch if your feeling bored. episodes arent too long but they dont feel like they are rushing, info dumping ect. anyways i love this show!
Toradora is a flawless romantic comedy anime. And is a great anime to watch for newcomers. It follows the story of Ryuuji Takasu, a high school student who has a gentle personality with a butt scary face, and Taiga Aisaka, a petite and fierce girl who is nicknamed the “Palmtop Tiger”. The two of them form an unlikely alliance to help each other with their respective crushes, who happen to be best friends with each other. Along the way, they encounter various challenges and misunderstandings that test their friendship and feelings.. . The anime is well-known for its memorable characters, well aged art style, witty dialogue, and ...
What an absolute breath of fresh air. In the world of fantasy anime, there's the trope of the OP protagonist. This anime has a slightly powerful protagonist (not OMG OVERPOWERED as of episode 7), but he has every reason to be strong. As he is repeating his life once again starting from school, his stronger powers make absolute sense. Imagine going back to high school and crushing it. Also, imagine knowing who every sleeper student is and picking them for your team. This show is written in a very clever way.. . So far, the time travel aspect brings a fresh coat of paint to an ...
So far it's pretty good because the story is quite different from most other stories. . Sousou no Frieren is a Japanese manga series written by Kanehito Yamada and illustrated by Tsukasa Abe, this series was published by Shogakukan in Shuukan Shounen Sunday magazine from April 28, 2020 until now and has released 1 Tankōbon volume. Sousou no Frieren has a genre; Drama, Fantasy.. . Some time ago I read a manga entitled "Sousou no Frieren", an interesting manga and I really liked the story creation and depictions made by the Mangaka duo in this manga, so in this article I will discuss this series and maybe write something ...
I haven't enjoyed it so much since the first season, the second had good things but they did it at a fairly slow pace that caused the public's disinterest, but this third brings more things More action, better animation, good music and above all an entertaining story, it is not immune to errors but it is enjoyable in every way, I highly recommend it.. . Another thing I wanted to highlight is the aptitude of Naofumi, who as the protagonist of Isekai, after Rimuru of Tensura, is one of the best protagonists of this genre.. . Music:8/10. Story:9/10. Animation:9/10. Characters:8/10. Opening:9/10. Ending:8/10
//some backstory//. SSSS.Gridman is really important to me, being one of the first seasonal anime I discovered and watched on my own in 2018 (i.e. without a friend's recommendation) and ended up liking ALOT.. . I was like 14 back then; for somebody who grew up watching transformers and power rangers this was like the dream show for me. The bombastic soundtrack, entertaining characters and the super interesting stuff which was happening with Akane made the anime leave an everlasting impact on my impressionable brain (even though I was too dumb to completely understand the last part on my own so I hard to resort to reading articles).. Fast ...
I had a lot of fun watching the main show, so I was looking forward to see what these specials had to offer. So, are they any fun? Well, let's hop in and find out, shall we?. . Story. Let's be clear about something: these special don't actually advance the story that much. It's just the main cast travelling to the beach for the summer. You could skip these specials without missing any important.. . However, that doesn't mean that nothing of importance happens in this show. One of the things I loved about the main show is the comedy and these specials have the chance to indulge in the ...
I actually watched Monthly Girls Nozaki-kun a few years ago, but I admit the show had largely faded from my memory, so I decided to watch it again, this time in English. So, does the show still hold up, even after all these years? Well, let's hop in and find out.. . Story. The story of boy and girl falling in love has been done way too many times in anime, so Monthly Girls Nozaki-kun needed something to distinguish itself from its peers. The solution? Shoujo manga! No, seriously. This works.. . It's fun watching Chiyo helping Nozaki with his manga, and also trying to make him notice her feelings ...
*Note: This is a review for all five seasons.*. . tl;dr: A shounen sports style anime about cooking with a great cast and a really fun gimmick, that overstays it’s welcome somewhat.. . This anime, as you may have been able to surmise from the title, is centered around battles fought through cooking, known as shokugeki. The plot revolves around the protagonist, Souma, going to attend Japan’s most prestigious cooking high school, Tootsuki Culinary Academy. This is an incredibly strict academy that one can easily fail out of at the drop of a hat. However, Souma is the type of guy that despite the danger looks straight ahead at ...
Tearmoon Empire is simply good anime; pleasant to watch and has some fun moments.. . Plot: show doesn't pay as much attention to it as it does to characters, but it's intresting. Especially a little bit of dark elements gives it a better flavour and makes it unique in comedy genre.. . Characters: main character is perfect; little stupid and mischievous, but overall good, helpful and ,most important, entertaining. She's the only reason you watch the show, seeing every single thing she does by accident turn into miracle of saint is whole base of show. Rest of characters? There's not enough time to give them proper personalities, but they ...
Short and to the point, which is small-bits comedy. If you like weird comedy packed into short episodes, then I recommend this one. If you insist that anime should be at least 20 minutes per episode, then this is not for you.. At first, I did not like the art style, but it quickly grew on me. A few short episodes in, and I felt the art style suited the format quite well: simple, just like the pacing and "story".. . The combined watch time would be approximately 25-30 minutes if we cut out the intro. During that short duration, it delivered some legitimate criticism of the Japanese ...
The new series, called Rebuild of Evangelion, includes new characters, robots, and a completely new ending.. . The movie "Evangelion 1" has some imperfections that may disappoint some viewers. Firstly, the story isn't new and is just a condensed version of the first six episodes of the original series. Unfortunately, Shinji Ikari's character is quite whiny and difficult to take seriously. However, the animation has improved significantly since the original series, and the lighting has been fixed in the updated version.. . On the positive side, the music in the movie is fantastic, and the composer, Shiro Sagisu, deserves credit for it. The robot's screaming is also worth mentioning, ...
A lesson that can be learned from the Neon Genesis Evangelion is to accept and understand ourselves so that we can do the same for others. The End of Evangelion takes a more apocalyptic approach and warns us of the dangers of avoiding reality. It resets everything in the end, giving hope for the future where everything is restored. The movie illustrates what happens when we close ourselves off out of fear and spite, and nearly everyone is destroyed.. . The final battle that Asuka faces is spectacular and gruesome, with the destruction that is beautifully animated. The movie has many vibrant explosions, and all the carnage ...
Desert Punk is an anime that has a tendency to divide viewers into those who like it and those who do not. Despite being flawed, the show has qualities that make it more than just the sum of its parts.. . The protagonist, Kanta, is a young man who often succumbs to his hormones, leading to some ecchi scenes that may not be everyone's cup of tea. Despite this, I appreciate that the show provides a window into the protagonist's mind.. . While the show's first half is episodic, it is not without merit. It serves to develop the main character and key supporting characters. During this time, we ...
Superficially, Joshiraku presents itself as the lesser cousin of Sayonara Zetsubou-Sensei, making sure to incorporate many of author Koji Kumeta’s previously established elements into its repertoire: traditional iconography, heavy emphasis on kanji puns and cultural references, and Ionescian dialogue. But while it does includes many aspects already present in Zetsubou-sensei, it also omits plenty of the points that made it especially effective, most critically by replacing its large cast of trait-based characters in favour of the more standard treatment of 5 main characters, all of whom meet the expected archetypes within the standard anime comedy format.. . The most notable aspect of Joshiraku is perhaps its formatting, ...
As someone who gets immersed in the episodes, I really cannot pinpoint what exactly makes this anime so soothing and therapeutic, but every time I watch a new episode, it gives such feeling as if breathing fresh mountain air. Maybe it is in the sense that as Frieren demonstrates through her experience and expression that nothing in our short life is so great in importance that we should worry but still is beautiful and meaningful enough to treasure every moment and every experience.. . I believe it is one of few animes that try to break from the norm and look through things in new lens ...
Arriving after several years of development, Pluto is the anime adaptation of Naoki Urasawa’s well-regarded manga series featuring a more mature take on a story arc of the famous Osamu Tezuka series, Tetsuwan Atom (or Astro Boy for Western audiences), set in a future setting where the German robot detective, Gesicht, is attempting to solve a recent string of robot and human murders that lead him to some shocking developments when it’s discovered a robot is behind the murders, despite robots supposedly being programmed not to kill humans, and the murders connected to a larger conspiracy at hand.. . In going with a more mature focus on ...
Most of what I am seeing in other reviews is that people are extremely confused about the plot and what is going on in general, so I am here to say, that the fact that they ended the anime on the prologue is really goddamn stupid. You SHOULD be confused, you SHOULD not understand anything about the tower, the different factions, people or their goals as of yet, it picks up extremely quick after this, and now that S2 has been announced I can say with confidence that this anime is finally worth watching, because the story aside from just explaining the most basics of ...
The best anime of all time truly awesome Fullmetal "On Top". The evolution of the characters is truly fantastic, how Edward has changed so much in a few years was beautiful to see and influenced me quite a bit.. The story is something very innovative compared to the usual and this is one of its strong points. I highly recommend this series for anyone who wants to see something very profound.The story is something very innovative compared to the usual and this is one of its strong points. I highly recommend this series for anyone who wants to see something very profound.
In the interest of keeping things short and sweet I would say I definitely recommend this anime. Even if u know absolutely nothing about go (like me). The interpersonal drama in the show really elevates the excitement of the sport. I would say if you like sports anime you will like this. The music is very good and MOST of the characters are likeable and make you root for them. My one criticism is the main character is not very likeable. He can be kinda annoying but this part of his character was made up with sai (his go ghost instructor). Although the end left ...
This is a wild, funny OVA that manages to pack one hell of a punch in just 4 episodes. Richly animated, cleverly written, and wreathed with a world of magic and monsters in the heart of Tokyo, I'd say that Phantom Quest Corp is one of the quintessential 90s anime, even if it feels more like a high-production 80s anime. Then, to add to all of this, it is surrounded by weird random facts and quirks, like how the woman who sings the intro theme and voices the main character, Rica Matsumoto, would soon go on to be the VA for Ash Ketchum, or how ...
This show is so bad that I have to wait 7 whole days to watch the next episode! Like how crap can you be to make a top tier anime, and then just make me wait after every new episode for another episode. It is a total nightmare! I want all the episodes now! BTW, I absolutely love this show! I'm on episode 5 and every week leaves me wanting the next episode more then the last. If you like isekai/video game world based anime, this anime is likely for you. Gamer/isekai needs ftw. This show is like Sao minus all the nightmares that Sao ...
This is seriously one of the most underrated anime of all time. I give it a 10/10, from beautiful art to a great and large cast all with personality despite only having 12 episodes, this is truly a hidden gem.. . The story is isekai but unusual in that the main character did not die, when he is transported to the new world he is leaving behind people he cares about. Into a world of old technology and magic, he uses his knowledge of modern technology with internet searches to improve the society he lands in and ends up a benevolent dictator. This then leads to ...
What is a silver spoon? A silver spoon represents a person with a wealthy and privileged background, and this show is a gentle reminder that these privileges are not something that we should all be taking granted of. This show is so much more than just stardew valley the anime, it introduces you to a whole new side of agriculture while teaching many valuable life lessons. It is down to earth, yet still a fun watch because of its great comedy. The story follows Hachiken, a high school student who enrolled in an agricultural school to run away from his parents and to figure out ...
Isekai Quartet 2: A Hilarious Parody That Captures the Essence of Its Source Material. . In the realm of anime parodies, Isekai Quartet stands out as a delightful blend of humor, fan service, and clever references to its source material. While the first season laid the foundation for this unique crossover, Isekai Quartet 2 takes it to a whole new level of hilarity and absurdity.. . Improved Comedics: A Rollercoaster of Laughs. . The humor in Isekai Quartet 2 is a step up from its predecessor. The writers have mastered the art of poking fun at the tropes and clichés of the isekai genre, while also incorporating the unique personalities and ...
As a male viewer, I enjoy this anime because of the character who strives to change her fate, despite being misunderstood as intelligent. Princess Hina is a unique blend of Katarina Claes from an otome game and Momonga Ainz from Overlord.. . What sets this anime apart is that it's not overly cringe-worthy. It features a reverse harem element, but its focus is more on the storyline and the understandable political conflicts and their outcomes.. . The 'Book' is also a significant aspect of the anime. Even though the plot has been altered, there are always new plotlines, as if alternate worlds truly exist. Furthermore, the reincarnation factor brings ...
I was honestly so surprised that I enjoyed this as much as I did and I feel compelled to write a little recommendation for those who might give it a chance and find the same level of enjoyment, and also to make it clear who this WON'T appeal to so people don't waste their time. Right off the bat, I should say that this is an extremely amateurish affair on almost every level. The writing is linear, straightforward, surface-level, simplistic, and unambitious. It doesn't have any deep themes (honestly to say it even has any themes is debatable), the writer can't really ...
What a masterpiece. If it keeps up any of this level, its gonna be the anime of the year.. Keep in mind this review is pre-lim and from a non-manga reader - therefore I don't know what going to come next.. . Plot 10/10. What starts off as a story about loss and finding a purpose in life, slowly turns into much more. I won't get into details to avoid spoilers, but I genuinely think anyone watching will be able to find something to enjoy about this anime.. . The dialogue in this anime is very well thought out, every scene and every flashback (theres a lot of them) adds value ...
Days' exclusive DVD OVA is probably the best 40~ minutes made for the whole series, and ironically, it's because it's barely centered around football and it instead works more like two comedy slice of life episodes.. . What we get in this OAD is basically just the Seiseki's Football Club members messing around and having fun. The first episode has them hitting up on girls in the beach and then playing beach soccer. The second focuses entirely on a game of cards in which we get to know a little bit more about some of the characters' personalities and a tiny bit of background (although certainly nothing ...
At this point I've reviewed quite a few instalments in the Nanoha franchise. Including the first film and the A's series. Thus far, it's been a very strong franchise and I hope we're ending this year's film festival week on a high note with this.. . Story:. . We open with Hayate taking the bus while holding a chained up book in her lap. She' get's wheeling herself home in her chair when a sleeping truck driver nearly rams into her only for her to be saved by a mysterious light. Meanwhile, Nanoha is beyond excited for Fate's upcoming return. They're enjoying their reunion when we learn ...
it is a good anime with a vibe of prohibition era and mafia families, at some point of time you will feel to just drop it but you wont do it due to its insane plot twists and a good story,. . the animation style fits the timeline of the story but the most interesting thing I found in this anime are characters rather than the storyline , it gives us a good picture of human nature, character design are good And it was unpredictable at some point . even though not all episode were interesting like other episodes they still had a good vibe.. . overall the ...
i typically dont write reviews for any of the anime i watch, but this is a justified exemption to that rule.. . this is the best anime movie i have ever watched, and it will probably stay that way for eternity. director setoshi kon was, and still is a legend of animated film in my eyes.. . definitely a must-watch if you have already seen the movie inception directed by christopher nolan, since this was a predecessor to that. the film was originally inspired by the writings of yasutaka tsutsui, from a novel about his recollection of weird dreams he had throughout his life.. . the supporting soundtrack of the film ...
Certainly, here's a refined version of your feedback in English:. . The storyline, in my opinion, is generally good, but there are moments where it feels a bit chaotic. At times, the anime provides a perspective that seems too distant, perhaps omitting crucial details. Comparatively, it leans more towards a gaming atmosphere than SAO.. . Despite some shortcomings, this anime undeniably boasts a good storyline. However, due to the presence of anime like Sousou no Freiren in this season, it feels a bit lacking in comparison. Nevertheless, it remains enjoyable, with a charismatic main character. The absence of harem elements is a positive aspect, and in terms of gaming, ...
Son of Ogre Season 2 might be long and sometimes slow, the amount of fun this anime provides is undeniable. The art style isn't necessarily impressive, but you can't help but be astonished and mesmerized by the blood and gore as it presents itself. There are multiple arcs to pay attention to in this season, and they all are unafraid to hit the viewer with immense silliness. This anime is certainly grandiose and epic, but it's also quite funny and unserious.. . This season plays out very straightforward, and doesn't hit you with too many surprises. It's just good old classic fighting anime that just goes as ...
Perfect Blue remains one of the greatest anime movies I have seen and is undoubtedly late director Satoshi Kon's magnum opus. The film's best elements stem from the seamless manner in which the lines between performance, delusion, and reality are blurred, as well as the masterful manner in which the color-coded directing is utilized to indicate former pop idol and budding actress Mima Kirigoue's grasp of the world around her fading and her psyche shattering. Furthermore, Perfect Blue serves as a scathing critique of how people, especially women in the entertainment industry, are treated as sexual objects with little regard for their well-being or personhood. ...
The animation is stunning, especially the fight scenes and the backgrounds. The music is also impressive, with catchy opening and ending themes by MYTH & ROID and ReoNa, respectively. The voice acting is well-done, with Tomoyo Kurosawa and Yuki Kaida reprising their roles as Amiya and Doctor, the mysterious leader of Rhodes Island.. . The anime is mainly aimed at fans of the game, as it assumes some prior knowledge of the characters and the setting. However, it also provides some exposition and flashbacks to explain the backstory and the motivations of the main characters. The anime also introduces some new characters, such as FrostNova, a ...
Trigun: Badlands Rumble is a movie that continues the show's story and is a fantastic extension of the series. Vash and Wolfwood, the main characters, remain the same lovable characters that we have grown to adore, and the addition of a new character, Amelia, is a great complement to the cast.. . The movie is still enjoyable, even if you haven't seen the original series. However, some viewers may feel as though they lack some background knowledge of the characters and the universe. It is recommended that you see the original series first.. . The movie is centered around two revenge plots and how Vash becomes involved. While the ...
Despite its outdated visuals, Trigun is a timeless classic anime that tells a relatable human story. Its heroes and villains offer diverse outlooks on life, making it a distinctive and well-regarded series.. . Vash the Stampede is the series' main character, a notorious criminal with a bounty of 60 billion double dollars on his head. Despite his criminal background, he is unique as he prioritizes peaceful and compassionate ways of dealing with situations. The series initially focuses on his character development, while the latter half presents various obstacles to overcome.. . What makes Trigun such an exceptional anime is the profundity of its characters. Vash, Meryl, Milly, Wolfwood, Legato, ...
One of the best series of all time, even outside of anime. This series has an x factor that even non-anime watchers can enjoy, and I could see this easily adapted into a phenomenal live action series. I can think of no other series that comes close to combining so many mysterious elements together to make for one of the greatest mystery stories I've come across. It also has top tier characters, visuals, animation, sound design, music, and direction. I have to go back years to think of a series that comes close to comparing to best ever status, perhaps Ergo Proxy, Stiens;Gate, and Erased. ...
A Glimpse into the Future of Anime Storytelling. . In a world of ever-evolving anime, Bokura no Ameiro Protocol stands out as a refreshing and thought-provoking tale that delves into the intricacies of human relationships, the complexities of decision-making, and the importance of teamwork and trust. While the anime may not be perfect in every aspect, its strengths far outweigh its shortcomings, making it a worthwhile watch for anyone seeking a captivating and thought-provoking anime experience.. . A Modern Story with Room for Improvement. . Bokura no Ameiro Protocol sets itself apart from many anime by taking place in a modern-day setting, allowing viewers to connect with the characters and their ...
“4 Cut Hero” is what happens when You want to speedrun ¾ of a normal fantasy anime.. . Imagine a world that is a wacky amalgamation of a standard, medieval fantasy setting and today’s world. Now imagine a hero that is a similar amalgamation, a OP AF powerhouse with NEET lifestyle and little to no aspirations. You got it. That’s the setup for this show.. . One day a Young hero defeats the Dark Lord. Driven not by altruism, not by a higher calling but by… greed. Our hero - Zeed wanted to be rich and to marry a princess after a drunk sage filled with head with ...
this is one of the or the best story I have seen in anime ever the plot character development and plot-twists OMG! and the story BRO!. it has one of the most griping storys in fiction and so intense I cared so much for the story and character I didnt even notice the bad. animation yea thats the only fault of this show the animation was decent at the start and so times so wacky that me and my mum would. die laughing but at the last arc of season 1 the animation takes a drop in animation u might not even notice if ur new to ...
I'm going to be short.. I really liked the film and the series overall, it's nice to see everyone together in one film, reminds me of the old Power Rangers crossover episodes from my childhood.. The film may be a little bit chaotic in some parts but as said in the film, a little bit of chaos isn't always a bad thing.. It was good to see a more in-depth view of the Gridman Universe (lol) and some of its character and "close the circle" with SSSS Gridman.. . So if you're wondering... give it a shot, it will be a nice one!
Talking about Gosick and badmouthing the work is unfeasible. Even if you don't like how actions are taken on comic reliefs (which are the bane of the anime, along with the protagonist), the anime is very good.. The anime is around Victorique, who is a student at a school in a fictional country called Saubure. Her level of intelligence is supernatural (emphasis on supernatural), as the anime plays with this, showing that there is no supernatural in what she does or in what others do (just like the other gray wolves did).. The unfolding of how discoveries are made are SUPERNATURAL in our eyes, but according to ...
I must start by saying that Cyberpunk: Endrunners will inevitably divide opinions because it is a non-originally Japanese work, part of the direction is not Japanese, so the general vision is not Japanese.. At first this is a problem, because a lot of people LOVE the local culture and how they approach each other. Considering this, the script is by far better than 90% of the anime already made and that will be made. But isn't that an exaggeration? Yes! It is indeed an exaggeration, but based on statistics. Cyberpunk uses oriental anime formulas, but has no shame in showing what should be shown and doing ...
Fire Force is an absolutely solid shounen, all but guaranteed to appeal to most fans of the genre. It doesn't break much new ground, but the story and world building is quite interesting.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 8/10. -----------------------------------------------. . Good quality stuff. Backgrounds are detailed, fight scenes are flashy. The animation in general high quality. Some of the fight scenes are very impressive.. . . Sound / Music / Voice Acting - 8/10. ...
After twenty years, it’s finally here, the long awaited adaptation of the beloved manga Pluto, itself a reversion of an arc of Tetsuwan Atom/Astro Boy, and although it rearranged the order of some events, it did a great job in translating the original to the screen.. . In terms of visuals, as you have come to expect from something done by Naoki Urasawa, there is a consistent artwork, realistic character designs, beautiful and accurate renditions of real locations around the world, and great paneling and special effects. The anime does a good job in capturing the aesthetics of the manga but not in the same level of ...
To be honest, it is a great season, it goes back to what that horrible adaptation of the second season was, this one has better moments and action (the most important thing), although the conflict of the 4 heroes is repeated, it manages to keep the viewer's attention At all times, the music is excellent, I have nothing to blame it for, the animation and drawing is impeccable (unlike the second season), the fights are fluid and entertaining, the main characters are good, they manage to form a stronger bond than in previous seasons, with mistakes and successes, I recommend that you watch this third ...
This is just a compilation of little, low budget shorts. So far, there are 3 episodes out. The first one is about using a spell that makes you speak your thoughts out loud, the second one is about using a spell that removes alcohol from booze, and the third one is about using a spell that allows u to wake up on time. These are fun, short comedic skits between the cast and they make for a good and wholesome time. Although they are heartwarming, that's all there is to this. Unlike the actual Frieren TV anime, don't go into this expecting a high quality ...
I watched this one a whim expecting a schlock isekai to mind numb my way through (which, I mean, it is), but have been pleasantly surprised. I think it is inherently goofy when an anime is about a video-game that is just that--a video-game. Like, this dude can just take off the headset. This robs the show of any extreme stakes but not every show needs the risk of death to be exciting.. . It's funny, and I always love when shows about a video-game treat the concept as inherently foreign to the viewer as if they have never played or heard of a video-game. Kami ...
This shit bangs I am right anyone who says otherwise is wrong I'm sorry I make the rules. I expect the score to go up at this rate. I have no complaints about anything.. . Maomao is the most endearing character I have seen in a while and although at first I didn't want the dynamic between her and Jinshi to change, I wouldn't mind if it did. also, your son looks like a girl. . The relationships between the girls are all great. The show immediately subverts the expectation of jealousy or bullying upon Maomao's progression into higher positions of power from the other girls-in-waiting, and instead establishes ...
I don't have words to describe how entertaining this series is, my god, I haven't enjoyed it so much since the first season, the second had good things but they did it at a fairly slow pace that caused the public's disinterest, but this third brings more things More action, better animation, good music and above all an entertaining story, it is not immune to errors but it is enjoyable in every way, I highly recommend it.. . Another thing I wanted to highlight is the aptitude of Naofumi, who as the protagonist of Isekai, after Rimuru of Tensura, is one of the best protagonists of this ...
Excellent series, much better than the second season, the animation improved a lot, the music, etc., I hope it can maintain that rhythm with the following chapters, because it seems to be on the right track, in short I highly recommend it, if you enjoyed the first season, this you will love it too.The action scenes are excellent, there is more than in the second season, the opening and ending are an auditory delight (although my favorite is the first ending of the first season), I hope there is more action with Naofumi and company. . Character:9/10. Music:9/10. Animation:9/10. Story:8/10. . Good season
Excellent season, it is much better than the second, although it skips some details of the light novel, it makes up for it with good filler exclusive to the anime, the animation improved a lot compared to the previous ones, there are more fights and conflicts that manage to keep the viewer glued Who watches it, I repeat this season is good, even with its failures it manages to stay on its feet, I highly recommend it for those who were disappointed with the second one.. . characters:8/10. music:9/10. story:9/10. animation:10/10. . long live raphtalia!!. . Long Live to Raphtalia!!. ...
Absolutely fantastic, top quality show! Binge-Worthy!!!. . Very well designed characters and the voice acting is supreme! Story is on the humorous end. This show was obviously made with love and heart. Truly adorable characters. Lots of Lolis. In today's perverted, warped, MAP-ped, hentai-stricken world. The dialogue writer is a master of his-her art. If you are depressed, watch this show to be healed by lots of lovely interaction. The hero presents the perfect mythical image as he is absolutely candid, honest supremely positive moral example. Almost as if the show creators were deliberately attracting Lolicon watchers and then they provide them with the correct ...
This is definitely worth it and I will definitely watch a 3rd season if they make it in the future.. . Story:. The battle between the Good (Sunred) and Evil (Florsheim) continues and there is a lot of comedy. The evil organization has better behavior than that of the hero as Sunred feels more like a bully than a Hero. We also meet the retired Yellow Hero; and get to know the day-to-day lives of Monsters.. Cooking show dishes looks good and simple but I have not tried even 1 dish.. . Animation:. It is good but you cannot compare it to today's standards.. . Music:. I like the ED and the music during ...
Binge-Worthy!!. Worse than amazing Season 1 as there is much less action, but still watchable if you loved the characters. Story dynamics in this one is slow and weak. Action almost non-existent. As the hero is not a newbie anymore, there is no real gritty poignant drama. Apart from the very short heart-breaking drama of the supporting cast, which was well done!. . Probably the design team on Season 2 was struggling, what to do with the by now supremely powerful fantasy "superhero" as their main character and how to scale his strength to a new MegaBoss Opponent. As the Season 1 MegaBoss ...
Not binge-worthy! AVOID! AVOID!!! Excellent art direction, great graphics, amazing character design.. Unfortunately the story writer takes a large dump on this otherwise pretty cake. Story is badly written. Dialogues are incoherent and downright schizoid. On one occasion the hero declares his holy mission is a dud, a facade and he states his helpers are just polite in keeping up the childhood fantasy, when they played "holy mission". Then next episode the hero turns 180 degrees around and acts as his holy mission were totally serious and his helpers are supporting him for real. Same way the non-existent character progression and "story" ...
A significant theme of this season revolves around the value we place on things and the reasons behind why we value them. It also explores how others may value things differently and whether those values can change over time.. . The season delves deeper into the Abyss, where the creatures become more dangerous. Reg, Riko, and Nanachi are on a mission to find Riko's stolen white whistle. As they search for the whistle, they stumble upon a village with colorful and quirky characters. However, they soon discover that the village has a dark past.. . This season's use of the term value may confuse viewers, as it is ...
Im glad that i gave a chance to this anime.I dont know why people hate this anime so much like i think they are a good couple there is love,drama,comedy,friendship just everything you need from a romance anime.Also the animation is quite good i dont have anything bad to say about it as the beggining of the anime is kinda weird moving to the 3rd episode it gets better and worth watching.And so on as this is not the perfect romance anime it might be the best for the season, at least for me it is.. I strongly recomend to everyone to give it a chance ...
As the latest addition to the Digimon franchise, the 02 movie does a solid job of raising new questions and complications about the ideas of the original two series while staying true to the core themes that made Adventure and 02 so special. However, it must be said that this movie fundamentally has Lui as its emotional core, with the original 02 cast functioning as prominent yet ultimately supporting characters. This is not necessarily to the detriment of the show's quality. The emotional punch and themes of the story still remain powerful and are deeply intertwined with the core ideas of Digimon partners and what ...
This is what I've been waiting for: an RK anime that adapts the manga. No filler eps, no cloying little girls, no pink gi.. . There are a few extra things, such as extended flashbacks of Sanosuke's and Katsu's days in the Sekihoutai. Also, of Aoshi, Hannya, and the Oniwabanshuu. These flashbacks add depth to all the characters.. . So awesome to finally see the Hiruma Bros and the real plot against Kamiya Kasshin Ryu.. . I can't wait to see the Kyoto Arc and hopefully the Jinchuu Arc.. . The music is the one area this anime lacks. As riddled with fillers as it was, the old anime ...
In the 12 episodes we spend in Adachi & Shimamura's world, there is not much to be said in the way of romantic development, but it succeeds at being a masterclass in wholesome, wind-down relaxation.. . Adorned in high quality visuals and animation, alongside a strong pair of VAs in our main cast, each frame looks, sounds, and feels lovingly crafted. The soundtrack, and, more importantly, where it is and isn't used is thoughtful, creating great intimacy in its silence. Despite the low (if not nonexistent) stakes, the emotions explored later on hit hard, and with the excellent, believable dialogue on display, the show overall is ...
Bleach is an anime that you will truly love if you skip fillers, the fillers are boring at some point the first filler arc is executed poorly ,the idea is great but the characters are boring.aside from fillers the anime is good ,but if you are a person who like deep character development I am sorry to tell that the character development is not that great but if you are a person who likes edgy sword fights and fire openings and osts.the characters are simple and we'll written but as story reaches the end they are same people.but aside the problems it is a really ...
The romance genre has overutilized more than it should been. Over the years, in almost all forms of media, romance has been seen as a simple cash grab for most; as long as it follows the tropes set up years before, we're sure to make a banger with this one. In this maze of confusion, one would be lucky to stumble upon 'The Dangers of the Heart,' undeniably the romance highlight for most this year. It ignores all the bizarre moments established by the normalcy of being an anime fan, turning into something wholesome and realistic. There is no awkward assignment the leads have to ...
The ecchi-action anime "Tsugu Tsugumomo" captivated audiences with its unique blend of fantasy, action, and harem comedy. Its second season, while entertaining, suffered from some shortcomings in storytelling and animation. However, the prequel, "Tsugumomo," addresses these issues and delivers a more polished and engaging experience.. . Story Improvement: A Deeper Dive into Kazuya's Journey. . "Tsugu Tsugumomo" takes a deeper dive into the character development of Kazuya Kagami, the protagonist, as he grapples with the responsibilities and dangers of his newfound powers. The story delves into his relationship with the various Tsumagumo spirits, exploring their personalities and motivations, adding complexity to the harem dynamic.. . Enhanced Action Sequences: A Visual Feast ...
A spin-off (or maybe an official parody?) of the original series in which you are expected to watch season 1 and 2 first so you can understand the reference they made. I don’t think it would be super enjoyable if you watch it on its own, cause it’s just slice of life. Still, when I was binge watching attack on titan from season 1 to final, I switched to this as a form of intermission when the series got too much and it was nice. It’s great to see them alive and well, while getting a gilmpse of what they could probably be like if ...
"Suzume" was added to Crunchyroll on November 16th, 2023. After hearing positive things about it, I decided to give it a watch, and I was thoroughly blown away.. . Suzume is a coming-of-age story about a small-town girl named Suzume (Take a shot every time I say Suzume in this review), a mysterious young man named Souta, and their adventure traveling Japan, closing mysterious doors that are causing strange earthquakes. Known as "gates", closing them is the main goal of our heroes.. . The main character, Suzume, is such an amazing character. Her interactions with the rest of the cast are just so charming. Her development over the course ...
This movie was released in 1983 and is still enjoyable to watch today. Although the story in "Golgo 13" is simple and predictable, it has some mystery that keeps you guessing about the main villain until the end. The animation style creates a sophisticated feel, even though it's not actually sophisticated. However, the characters are not well-developed, making it hard to connect with them.. . The movie's biggest flaw is its poorly developed-characters. Despite this, the mature themes presented in the movie make it realistic and relatable to real-life scenarios. If you don't enjoy realistic anime, then this movie is not for you.. . The animation is typical ...
Not everyone will appreciate this anime. Its content is intended for mature audiences due to the presence of themes like abuse and gore. If you're someone who is sensitive to these topics, it's advisable to steer clear of watching it. While each episode contains a sex scene, the show is known for its well-developed characters, coherent plot, and believable world.. . The story is about a hero named Keyaru, who has the power to heal. However, the other heroes treat him very poorly, even enslaving and torturing him. Keyaru seeks revenge and goes back in time to a point before he meets the other heroes. This is ...
"It's the hentai that one can fully say they watch for the plot.". . It's one of a kind; a combination of artwork excellence (the best art style in hentai), a beautiful story, a sweet couple & relationship between two main characters beautifully designed and written. I can confidently say that this is, overall, the best hentai animation bar none.. . Each episode explores 2 relationships/couples: one predatory, and another a sweet loving affair. Each has one long hentai scene.. In other words, each episode will have 2 long hentai scene with everything else being the plot.. So if you're just looking for a hentai with tons of hot scenes ...
The second season is better than the first. Kazuya's character growth in the second season was remarkable. He becomes a more likable romantic comedy lead. Kazuya starts to support Chizuru in meaningful ways, acknowledging her talent and hard work towards her dreams. He honors her as a person and wants to assist her in achieving her objectives without any hidden agendas. Seeing a person like him in their relationship was heartwarming.. . I understand why Chizuru was distant towards Kazuya in the first season. Still, her behavior towards him changed in the second season. Their feelings for each other and their relationship transform and progress. However, overcoming ...
I went into this season with some of the highest expectations its possible to possibly have for a work of fiction, knowing only the reputation of The Shibuya Incident from general discussions online and I can safely say that even if the final 6 episodes are unwatchable slop this will still go down as one of the greatest seasons of television ever created that has blown every one of my highest expectations completely out of the water. The Shibuya Incident lives up to the hype and then some, easily placing itself in the upper echelons of arcs and in my personal top 3 with 6 ...
“WOW, Nooo way !!!”. . That sentence was always the one thing that endured in my mind as soon as the screen had faded away. As the ED played on in the background, this was all that dared be present in my head. It’s a powerful feeling, a morbid mix of shock, awe, and melancholy that leaves behind a particularly special kind of impression. I felt like I just reached the end of an entire show after finishing a single episode. Kino’s Journey leaves behind great impact.. . It’s something only a show like The Twilight Zone can ever really match. When you compare them, there’s nothing but striking ...
It is an undeniable fact that this film is a high-quality piece of art with its music, visuals and scenes. It was very good for me to watch this movie in the age of modern art, where every form of art is taken over by poor quality people and transformed into a meaningless and cheap form. The most common criticism is that the movie is bad because the subject is not fully meaningful and detailed. I strongly disagree. A movie or story doesn't have to have these to be considered successful. Almost all mythological stories are like this, so is it possible that the mythologies ...
Binge-worthy! I give this a "8/10 IMDB" score. Girls are very cute: they have unique dresses and their female lines are wonderfully drawn. All the graphics artists on this team know their jobs.. Monster art is well drawn.. Graphics is clean and crisp. Special effects are high quality and are expertly executed. Story is good and characters are well thought out, especially the heroes' weapons. Character progression is nice.. Could use more drama, though, like the hero maybe could flee from too hard fights, receive serious injury, etc.. But the light novel and this anime adaptation has multiple original ideas that carry the story very well. ...
It takes place between seasons 1 and 2 and chronicles the expedition of three young adventurers: Riko, an orphan; Reg, a half-robot boy; and Nanachi, a human-rabbit hybrid, as they journey into the fifth layer of the Abyss. This world is full of wonders but also a horror show of terrors. The Abyss is home to a variety of strange creatures, plant life, and other wonders, many of which are deadly predators. Along the way, our heroes discover magical artifacts left behind by an enigmatic civilization, leading to bizarre science-fiction plot lines with a thick slice of demented horror.. . The movie is unsuitable for the faint ...
The Rokka no Yuusha picture drama consists of three separate episodes. Each of these episodes delves deeper into a particular character (Nashetania, Fremy and Adlet).. . Overall, I would say I enjoyed these picture dramas. The anime implies a lot of background story for certain characters, but there was no space to explore these past events. In that sense, these picture dramas really did add to my enjoyment of the franchise and characters.. . The pacing is good, and the episodes feel like they’re exactly the right length. The voice acting is as good as usual, but you’ll have to make do with a few still shots to accompany ...
An acclaimed classic picture book story adapted with a relatively special presentation.. . The interesting aspect of the film is that it utilizes stereoscopic presentation in order to achieve a 3D effect, I wasnt able to test that version due to the lack of equipment so I went with the 2D version instead.. . Now I'm sure everyone is familiar with the classic and acclaimed picture book series, the film presents 5 stories 3 of which are directly associated with the picture book series and the characters, the 2 others I assume focus more on highlighting the 3D presentation to the audience with their visual.. . Key element in the ...
One of my favorite isekai anime. It's unique, full of action and fun, have great animation, cute characters. Main character Rimuru can be cute but also serious, strategic and merciless when his friends are in danger. But friendship is not what saves the day. Rimuru has serious skills and brain to use them in his favore. What else do you want from anime to be great? The plot is always evolving and I just can't wait what Rimuru and others will acomplish in the future. What I like most about Rimuru is his friendly nature. Unless someone show him hostility he will consider them ...
Very similar to monster. It's like monster but in another world.. . Pluto is a mature adaption of one of the most iconic arcs of Astro Boy. The manga, by the same name, is widely considered a masterpiece and is a deep passion project for the writer. I want to keep this mostly spoiler-free. I would highly recommend going into this blind, and if you love Seinen anime/manga, you will have an absolute blast here. Pluto comprises some of the most well-written and heartfelt characters whose story reaches a perfect end.. . Every single character from the original arc in Astro Boy has been given justice in this remake. ...
I highly recommend this anime. This anime is a meta commentary that flips the ending of fairy tale stories, while also being a parody of those who are thirsty for a tragic ending. I'll have some spoilers, but only at the end. So just read the first part of my review, and skip the spoiler part.. . Plot: the plot is about a duck who can transform into a girl and Princess Tutu. She falls in love with the prince, but notices that he looks lonely. The reason is, the prince shattered his own heart to seal the raven. So Princess ...
One of the most exciting anime in terms of revealing the antagonist. The character is shrouded in the fog of the work, which we have to dispel by our own conclusions.. . The whole veil of mystery and obscurity of the Monster's motives is emphasized by an incredibly suitable musical accompaniment. One has only to listen to the opening once and you are completely absorbed in this slightly frightening and hyper-exciting works.. . Yohan's calm, reasonable and piercing voice increases the pressure of the atmosphere on the viewer, after watching this anime, you fall out of our world for a few days.. . The anime receives full approval from ...
In the vast realm of anime, there exists a peculiar niche known as the "harem" genre, characterized by a male protagonist surrounded by an abundance of attractive female characters. While many harem anime tend to blend together in a sea of stereotypical tropes, Tsugumomo stands out as a surprisingly entertaining and engaging series that manages to carve its own unique path.. . A Tale of Artifacts and Unexpected Transformations. . The story of Tsugumomo revolves around Kazuya Kagami, a seemingly ordinary high school student who inherits a mysterious artifact known as a "Tsugumomo" from his late grandfather. Tsugumomo are said to possess spirits that can transform into beautiful women, ...
The CGI animation looks fine; it is not so bad that it's unbearable to watch, nor is it so good that it should be praised. In some scenes, however, the animation is not that great, but it's easy to overlook that. The action scenes have some pretty good animation that deserves praise though. The character designs look good and the characters themselves are memorable (in the first episode, something weird happens, but apart from that, as the story progresses, the characters seem normal). The soundtracks are good, although they are usually very subtle. It is not anything memorable, but it's not bad either.. I went into ...
Initially I fell prey to the claims of plot holes and inconsistencies I'd heard echoed about this show. However, by the time the season wraps up, you start to understand that the "plot holes" are created by the subjective/limited viewpoint of the characters, and what we are really seeing is just their understanding/perspective, and not legitimate plot holes at all. It all starts to add up and give little bites and pieces of something deeper going on behind the scenes.. . In the end, I actually binged all 13 EPs in a single night. There were twists I suspected and others I genuinely didn't see coming, ...
Well after finishing i can say i loved that i was a part of this experience from S2 in 2017 i we can now say goodbye to the characters that we loved so much i can say this was kind of depressing cant believe there will be no more attack on titan the one of the most popular anime that left a big mark in the show history , like it or not AOT is one of the top anime of all time that competes with many popular shows like game of thrones in fact AOT hit the 9.9 and 10 /10 in IMDP many ...
I don't know much about Astro Boy, apart from being aware of the cultural significance of this series; I'm also not a huge fan of Naoki Urasawa's way of storytelling, which is not my cup of tea. And yet, I was able to totally soak into "Pluto" and thoroughly enjoy it.. . "Pluto" offers a detective story set in a futuristic world of the future, with robots living alongside humans. Sometimes said robots are hard to be distinguished from their organic human neighbours. All thanks to the rapid technological development and the latest achievements in engineering and mechanics. And, of course, in the field of artificial intelligence. ...
I would highly recommend "Sword Art Online" (titles should be italicized) to the review reader. I assume, dear reader, that you have never seen an anime show, or that you are new to anime. Sword Art Online is a show that has an engrossing yet shallow premise and quirky characters that generally lack personality and depth in favor of advancing the plot. Generally, writers would use three main clauses in sentences like the previous one, but I could not think of a third thing to say.. . Many shows that air every season will take on a similar structure and spend most of their creative energy in ...
The story is about a shattered family that uses escapism to play a game in the virtual world where the family in reality is just a mess, very relatable for various people. The Father was probably the most complex character of the series for me and well he tries to make up for his failures of the past it only gets worse for the family. Meanwhile Netflix has been on a solid trend for me with their animes since Cyberpunk and now I don’t think this is on the same level as that but by episode 6 the series plot really does take a turn ...
I really don't understand how can this masterpiece show has such bad reviews. Animes these days are not even that good and it has great reviews and this amazing show like trickster has mixed feelings reviews like what is this shit? I'm so fucking angry.. . This show deserves a s2 srlys. The way it portrays the story and the character developments are crazy sick!! The plot is interesting the story is amazing even the characters? I fell in love with them. How can anyone hate this masterpiece anime?. . I normally don't write reviews, but I had to on this one. If you think it's not enough, go ...
School Days is an anime that is infamous for its adaptation of a Japanese visual novel. The visual novel has about 12 endings, and the anime's ending shows the worst possible outcome.. . The anime has an impressive production quality, and the creators of this anime have done an excellent job with the pacing, music, timing, and everything else that goes into making it. The pacing sometimes feels slow and personal, which adds to the story's overall tone. The plot has dark developments, and many foreshadowing moments lead up to the big twist with Makoto towards the end. All the characters in the show are flawed, and ...
Very mild character spoilers for Episode 1. . Ningen Fushin is one of those shows that falls under the radar during its airing season and is rarely talked about during or after its airing. What makes this show fall under the radar are the flawed main characters. All the main characters in this show were “too human” in a way.. . For example, Nick, our main male protagonist and swashbuckler, gets kicked out by his adventure party leader and dumped by his girlfriend because of it. Instead of moving on, he gets depressed, spends all of his money on an idol girl, and fails at attempting to join or ...
I, like probably many others, got introduced to "Mob Psycho 100" through "One Punch Man" and at the start I was simply comparing both and not seeing "Mob Psycho 100" as a stand alone and unique show, after the end of first season I ended up enjoying it very much, but still not thinking anything special in relation to the hundreds of other titles I've watched. With all of this in mind I decided to watch the second season since the first was decent but I didn't come into it with very high expectations and oh boy am I glad I was wrong.. . Plot: This season ...
Alien 9 is one of those hidden gems you find every now and then with anime. It just barely catches your eye, so you pick it up, dust it off, and find an incredible piece of work that has, somehow, against all odds, remained in relative obscurity, languishing with a mediocre reception. I stumbled upon it by total accident as I was looking for a quick watch, and armed with nothing but a brief description I settled in for what I thought was going to be a fun yet average experience. I couldn't have been more wrong. Instead, I got Madoka before Madoka. I got ...
Made In Abyss is a TV series that may not be suitable for all viewers. It has been rated R17 due to its inclusion of some violent and disturbing scenes. However, these scenes serve a purpose in creating the show's atmosphere and emphasizing its themes. If you are capable of handling such content, the series is worth watching.. . The plot revolves around a massive pit called the Abyss, home to dangerous monsters and ancient treasures. Despite its unknown depths, cave raiders continue to explore it. Riko, the protagonist, is the daughter of a White Whistle, the highest rank of cave raider. During one of her ...
I've talked about the Precure franchise many times. Fresh Precure being the most recent series I reviewed and one of the best. So, this film festival week we're going to look at the film based off of that series. Omocha no Kuni wa Himitsu ga Ippai!? It came out in 2009 while the series was still airing. Is it a good addition? Let's check it out.. . Story:. . We open with the girls planning to have three nights worth of pajama parties. Unbeknownst to them, toys are disappearing around the city while they're playing around. Naturally, when they find out they assume it's Labyrinth only to find ...
"Sacrificial Princess and the King of Beasts" is a visually stunning fantasy tale that subverts expectations at every turn. On the surface, it appears to be a story about Sariphi , a girl destined to be sacrificed to the ferocious lion-like King of Beasts to appease his wrath.. . However, the anime quickly takes the narrative in a bold new direction. When Sariphi is brought before the King of Beasts, she stands up to him with a nonchalant nature and refuses to be intimidated. To her surprise, the King of Beasts is moved by her courage and sees her as an equal rather than mere prey. ...
Oh boy, how do I even start... The hilarious comedy and ingenious characters really hit home for me. The rewatchability of this anime is off the charts. I don't easily rate an anime a 10/10, but this one is different. Saiki's antisocial personality and his interactions with the characters are absolutely hilarious. Although he acts like he hates them, you can tell he cares about them. I cannot tell you the number of times I've rewatched this anime, it's kind of concerning. Speaking of which I'm rewatching it right now! People who say this anime isn't good are liars because every bit of it was ...
"Somali and the Forest Spirit" is based on the manga of the same name in which the world is ruled by spirits, goblins, and all manner of strange creatures. Human beings are persecuted, to the very point of extinction. One day, a golem and a lone human girl meet. This is a record of the pair, one a member of a ruined race, the other a watchman of the forest. It tells of their travels together and of the bond between father and daughter.. . At first, the Forest Spirit sees Somali merely as a small creature under his protection. However, as they travel together seeking a ...
This quite frankly could've been Kyoto Animation's greatest work had it "stood out" a little more. What I mean is, their other titles like Violet Evergarden, Clannad and K-On had elements to them that made them unique and instant fan favorites. Hibike! Euphonium can easily be described as another CGDCT high school club anime, and because of this I am not surprised that it never became as popular as those other titles.. . Despite this, Hibike! is probably the most consistent and well-put-together storyboard/production that Kyoto has produced. The goal of the characters is simply to win gold in their concert preliminary. Such a basic premise might ...
You two are the best friends I ever had! We are the only friends you ever had.. . This is so unbelievably good. Yes to some part there is nostalgia speaking out of me, but this is surprisingly great for kids anime, especially something like Digimon. I grew up watching shows such as Digimon, Pokemon, or Monster Ranchers. I always had a soft spot for Digimon. Not only do I like most of their designs, but I always enjoyed that they were treated more as friends/family than just random monsters you capture and use for battle.. I remember seeing this short movie as a kid, but I didn´t ...
Bocchi the Rock is astounding. Its sense of humor, cast of lovable characters, and genuinely heartwarming moments are all incredible. It’s a must watch for many reasons.. . One of the most fundamental part of the show is how Hitori Goto (Bocchi) has severe social anxiety. We see inside her head a lot, hearing her deep desire to make friends despite the challenges, and seeing her imagination getting away from her as she imagines the worst case scenario for every situation she’s in. These moments are often depicted using changes in animation style, or even mixed media. Unexpected moments of claymation add to the sense of the ...
Saenai Heroine no Sodatekata, also known as "How to Raise a Boring Girlfriend," is more than just a harem anime; it's a delightful tale of otaku passion, romantic dilemmas, and the challenges of creative collaboration. With its beautifully drawn characters, heartwarming moments, and clever humor, Saenai Heroine no Sodatekata is a must-watch for anyone who loves anime, especially those who appreciate the nuances of otaku culture.. . A Harem of Beautifully Drawn and Talented Experts. . At the heart of the story is Tomoya Aki, an unassuming high school student with a deep-seated passion for anime and visual novels. Inspired by a chance encounter with a mysterious girl, he ...
The show follows Class 2-C, a group of high school students struggling with unrequited love. Many of them are too afraid to confess their feelings to their crushes, which causes problems. The main characters are Tenma, who is infatuated with Karasuma, and Kenji Harima, a tough guy who returned to school because of his obsession with Tenma. The show has a large cast of secondary characters, but they are easy to keep track of. Despite being secondary characters, they appear in most episodes and are all enjoyable to watch.. . The characters are always jumping to conclusions about who likes whom, leading to amusing confrontations. While some ...
Monster is a crime drama with psychological themes that explore the complexities of the human psyche, morality, and relationships. The anime boasts of an exceptional story filled with twists, well-developed characters, and an art style that adds to the suspenseful experience.. . Nevertheless, the show has its shortcomings. With 74 episodes, the plot feels prolonged and needlessly extended. The large ensemble includes several side characters with minimal or no relevance to the main story, and irrelevant subplots and character backgrounds do not contribute to the overall story.. . The narrative is primarily delivered through exposition, which can be boring and repetitive. The writers rely heavily on dialogue and narration, ...
Cowboy Bebop is an anime that has earned a devoted fanbase that can be very sensitive to any criticism. However, I find that the show is similar to Miami Vice in that it focuses on style and visuals while the underlying plot is not as strong as it initially appears, particularly early on.. . Although the science fiction elements of the show are developed well, and the animation direction is impressive overall, the originality of the story structure and character development is lacking. The first four episodes follow the main characters, pursuing a fugitive who stole something valuable, only to discover that others are also after it ...
As mobile suits dance amidst the stars and characters navigate the labyrinth of ideologies, Gundam Zeta prompts us to reflect: In the tumultuous theater of war, do our convictions serve as guiding lights, or do they become casualties in the unyielding struggle for a better tomorrow?. . The dichotomy between the Earth Federation and the rebellious AEUG sets the stage for a philosophical battleground, with characters grappling with questions of justice, morality, and the consequences of their actions. The narrative brilliantly navigates the gray areas of right and wrong, challenging viewers to question the very foundations of their beliefs.. . Zeta Gundam's characters are not mere pilots; they feel ...
When I watched the first season of Attack on Titan 10 years ago, I’d have probably rated it an 8, maybe a 7. But now, after rewatching and really digging into it, it’s a definite 10/10. What’s changed? Well, a lot. First of all, the anime ended, and with that you can really appreciate the foreshadowing, the clever story setup and the payoff at the end of the whole saga, while still managing to keep you engaged every step of the way.. . The characters are a big part of what makes it so great. They all feel super real, even the minor ones who don’t ...
I found this anime way back in around 2019 or 2020 because of misty cronexia(Is that how it's spelled?) and it very quickly became my favourite comedy(Right up there with Grand blue and Konosuba). Although I'm a guy who has no idea what being a girl is like, I loved the humor, loved the characters and loved the setting. I remember almost tearing up while listening to the ending song of the last episode because I was sad that it was ending (Ed song is also one of my all time favourites) and I still haven't finished the manga till today because I don't want ...
I have been fascinated by Naoki Urasawa's works since reading Monster last year and, upon hearing Pluto was getting an anime, decided to hold back on reading the manga for a few months so I could go into the anime blind.. Boy, was I so glad I did.. Going into Urasawa's works blind is an experience in of itself. The suspense is fantastic, and although some may get tired of all the twists, be it large or small, eventually, I find them compelling. It makes his writing an experience.. . A lot of my preferences in media are often character-driven-- I am naturally drawn to characters I can relate ...
Satoshi Kon's best work that also depicts the viewpoint of a retired idol in the most cruel, yet accurate way to reality. It's about a girl who is haunted by a weirdo that created her fanpage website and all. Then she starts getting bewildered by what she has been dreaming about sometimes, moving forward with her occasionally seeing the same weirdo that wanted to be with her. However, they are betrayed because of what occurred when she went for a drama series and did a sex scene for her job. Everything about 'Perfect Blue' isn't just about the tone and music, but the story itself ...
I'm not going to act like 'Oh, I haven't read the manga yet, so I'll say it from here,' so I'm just going to say it straight from someone who caught up with the anime. Doesn't matter if I read or watch, I'm going to say something about this series. One of the things I really like about comedy-action anime is that even though it's a very funny show to watch, but when it comes to the drama part, it could either shatter your heart to pieces or turn your tears into a waterfall. One Punch Man is one of those things. Great animation. Iconic ...
Under Ninja shows teenage characters drinking alcohol, making it the most innovative television experience airing right now. Just watch episodes 1 and 2 and you'll definitely know if you'll like it. It has a nihilistic outlook that's gripping rather than pointlessly edgy. Most of the non-ninja characters are scum of the earth in completely banal ways rather than being cartoonishly annoying or mean. It's a breath of fresh air. And again, this isn't the type of show that "gets so good after episode 8", you'll know pretty fast if you'll like it.. . mal-mandated useless guff below:. . The art matches the air of the show beautifully. Characters ...
Fruit's Basket. Picking up this show surely is the greatest thing I ever did in my whole life. This whole show teaches me of life that we will meet someone who will care for us, who will save us, who will change the way we live right now. Tohru shows how much that eventhough you're hurt you can always be the one who saved everyone else who were burdened by their own problems. A special place for me to cry to. A special show that shows the real one the one who cares about you. I know that someday that there will be someone like ...
As another reviewer wrote: don't let the ratings dissuade you, this is a pretty solid anime.. . Loosely based on a 1981 video game with the same name (I'm a big fan of old video games), this anime doesn't pretend to be anything more than what it is: a dungeon-crawling story about a party that decides to brave ancient ruins for treasure, fighting monsters, and also somehow saving the world in the process.. . Is it a genre-defining, groundbreaking anime that will make you re-think your whole life? No. Does it have to be? Also no. You could rightfully accuse this anime of being "forgettable" or "mediocre", but all ...
One of the first animes i have watched at the beginning of my journey into the world of anime and it made me love anime.I wholeheartedly recommend this to anyone as a first anime to make your journey more enjoyable and easy to get into.Gotta say the story combines different genres of media so there's something for everyone, especially ton of cultural references to all the major nationalities in the world.. . Cowboy Bebop is a one of the kind anime you should give it a try.I hardly believe there are people whom might not like this anime even if watching anime is not your thing.
Very typical for these type of genre to have the OP MC's but it's kind of a fresh air to have a gender swap instead of a lame guy getting transported an does this and that yada yada type stuff no?. . If you want a relaxing anime where you wouldn't even need to bother worrying about anything because MC is too powerful, this is the anime for you. She's too OP to the point where fights end in just a blink of an eye, it even defeated my Record in NNN last year (26 seconds).. . The story is interesting at first, but after watching it longer, you'll ...
"Tomodachi Game" is an anime that captivates with its intense psychological twists and intricate character dynamics. From the outset, the narrative grabs your attention, weaving a web of suspense and betrayal that keeps you on the edge of your seat. The plot revolves around a deadly game, testing friendships and loyalties, with unexpected turns at every corner.. . The characters are well-developed, each harboring secrets that slowly unravel, adding layers to the suspense. The animation quality is top-notch, effectively conveying the tension and emotions in each scene.. . "Tomodachi Game" is a rollercoaster of emotions, delivering a thrilling experience that lingers in your mind. Highly recommended for fans of ...
Is the story unique?. no it was predictable. shooting is a beautiful sport the story could have been 100time better. on the bases of the story is was mid but i enjoyed it .. Do you think others will enjoy/dislike this series, even if you didn't? Why?. i only completed the show because i am shooter myself.. i felt happy as shooting is not a talked about sport... Do you think the art style is fitting for the story?. no personally .. .Did the characters react to situations and events in a realistic way?. mid. but i will recommended the show as i want my sport be see and ...
Hyakkano initially started off as a parody to the harem trope, in the sense that the jokes poke fun at the usual romance paths and introductions. But quickly, the shown as grown into a true and well-developed romance show itself.. . We have our male protagonist Aijo Rentaro, who is pleasantly assertive. He actually pursues the girls and gets them in a convincing way. He is also very respectful of them, without coming off a some sort of beta cuck. And the girls reciprocate by showing him their affection.. . The girls themselves are also exceptional and not just there just for the sake of being obtained, they have ...
I consider this anime to be one of the best I've ever seen. As an action lover, this anime is perfect, full of action, violence, lots of blood and exciting moments.. We can observe a futuristic world where it was supposed to be "perfect" but ends up being quite dirty and disgusting, where it is nothing better than our world. The work uses a quick and surprising type of death, where the characters don't have time to think about what happened but rather prepare themselves so they won't be next, a type that I personally like.. The anime has good animation, ambientation, characters, music and a perfect ...
First of all, if you like the type of anime that you have to connect many dots to understand something, you 'll love this.. The characters are so good and memorable. It starts slow but it's worth it to see. I couldn't get attached to the characters to the point of crying. I don't know if the anime itself was trying to achieve that.. Yes, the first episode is very gloomy. There are few animes like this, it's a unique experience.. Even though it is relatively old, you have to understand why the reviews give it so many tens. It may not be your ...
This anime feels like playing a video game MMORPG. Stop reading if that doesn't interest you.. . This is definitely one of the most interesting, nice-looking, and chill anime shows out right now. It has the premise of isekais where a MC is put into a new world with OP powers, but there is an IRL component so it feels realistic. But this is not a depraved fantasy show with excessive fan-service and a bunch of lore to get through. This is just straight action and video game mechanics with some of the best animations I have seen for this genre. It is light-hearted and doesn't ...
This is one of the greatest seasons not just of anime but also the TV shows, they were building up the hype for 2 and the half seasons for this thing. This season will all type of emotions like anger, confusion, sadness, hype.. you will start to question everything that you thought you understood. Few anime seasons manages to do such a thing. Every single minute of this season is masterpiece that is so well crafted. Every single character gets his/her moment and you truly are invested in their past or future.. . Animation was great, nothing crazy that will blow you away.. but its good enough ...
Shingeki no Kyojin stands as a timeless masterpiece, and it's left its mark as one of the greatest shows of all time.. . This anime revolutionized storytelling with its impeccable characters, compelling storytelling, and emotionally charged music. The voice actors, both in Japanese and dubbed versions, breathe life into every character. You're basically glued to the screen with all the crazy action, plot twists, and cliffhangers.. . Attack on Titan takes you on a rollercoaster of emotions - you'll feel everything from pure joy to sadness, anger to happiness, and even bursts of laughter mixed with real suffering. I was really nervous about the ending after hearing some feedback ...
Attack on Titan is some of the best television out there. A lot of it has to do with the amazing story and direction, episodes will make you feel breathless, while still leaving room for emotional moments. Its gripping and brutal but just so beautiful in a way.. The ending lacks in execution I think but I still very much enjoyed the thematic elements of it, I feel like people truly haven't experienced a horrible ending (Lost, GOT, Dexter, X Files, How I met your mother, Darling in the Franxx) and blew it way out of proportion. Its fine, its satisfactory.. . It doesnt need a 10/10 ...
A refreshing experience in the sea of socially awkward, waifu chasing, "our lips touched the same bottle", "protect everyone" sewage.. . Story: 8/10. Story leaves many unanswered questions and we don't always know much about the people on screen. Not necessarily a bad thing. Wish more women were included in more important roles but no big deal here.. . Art: 8/10. I liked most of the characters designs and general art direction in this show.. . Cringe: 1/10. Only cringe here is one of the characters feeling the need to do his small routine everytime he kills someone. More funny than cringe but still I wish he didn't do it so much.. ...
In the realm of anime, the isekai genre has taken the stage, captivating audiences with its tales of ordinary individuals transported to fantastical worlds. Amidst this popularity, Isekai Quartet emerges, a hilarious parody that brings together four iconic isekai protagonists and their companions for a crossover adventure filled with witty humor, self-aware references, and a unique chibi art style.. . A Melting Pot of Isekai Heroes. . Isekai Quartet's premise is as simple as it is ingenious: Subaru Natsuki (Re:ZERO - Starting Life in Another World), Kazuma Satou (KonoSuba: God's Blessing on This Wonderful World!), Tanya Degurechaff (The Saga of Tanya the Evil), and Ainz Ooal Gown (Overlord) are ...
The whole series was so unique with different characters from different backgrounds and families, each tells a really good story we must all watch. The stories tells us a lot about our generation and day to day things happening in our life and how people go through life with it. Not all stories are happy just like our our lives, its bitter, sweet and a lot mixed in. The animation itself is beautiful and its totally fits the series. The characters designs were not exaggerated like modern anime's and it fits so well with the story which is more realistic.. It was such an odd experience ...
I recently began watching all of One Piece. No skipping filler, watching every movie, every OVA and ONA, etc, and out of all the movies and smaller stories I've watched this one was my favorite up to this point. The supporting cast got along with the Straw Hats neautifully, and the concept was interesting enough. The setting is really cool, honestly I wouldn't've even minded if it had been a little longer. The animation and soundtrack are what you'd expect from One Piece at the time that this aired, nothing particularly different.. . Like I mentioned, some really good scenes with the Straw Hats are what ...
things happened at the eps 7 really piqued my interest more on this series. im not going to see manga and LN. im just stick to the anime. what really happened just watched until the end. sadly i dont really saw haruhi anime nor in this anime it has vibe as clannad sth before so this is only based on the anime itself. there is a lot of old bishoujo and cd games/eroge references appeared. on the net a lot of people already recognizes the games disappeared and mentioned or have effect on the time jump. so if u are interested more in that ...
I think im one of those, who's hype got killed off because it got chopped into pieces and scattered the release all over. But yeah... nonetheless it was still a good part and a good ending, pretty much the same in the manga. The moment i finished it i felt nothing, like 'ehhh it was aight'.. . During the part where they were explaining some shit even though the enemy was already defeated, i think it was a snooze fest for me. I think i almost wanted to watch the Final Season Part 3 Episode 2 in 1.5 speed, but i manage to stick around with it ...
At first it maybe seems like your generic romcom where the mc is a loser and the main girl is the most popular girl in the class, but no it's more than that and turn out to be the best representation of love story in middle school setting.The dangers in my heart is one of the most realistic romance anime I've ever seen, it's represents the life of middle schoolers perfectly, they're a little cringe a bit horny but also wholesome at the same time. And what makes this show so good is because the development of the mc and there's an actual progress in ...
Ratings. Characters: 10; The character, Eren Yeager, is portrayal as a child that was raised in a world tained by discrimination and hatred. Born innocent but was deemed a demon by a world he never knew of and over time establishing that genocide is the only way for true peace for their people. Towards the end of the story, Eren talked about how he was "a slave to freedom". This is completely wrong as we get to learn that he had the option to simply run away and live a simple life with Mikasa. Eren is a slave to FATE, not freedom. In the conversation between ...
If you are searching for a show that is thrilling and slightly darker yet still has some humor and boasts a cast of unique and captivating main characters, all of whom are sociopaths, then this show is perfect for you. The first season offers a strong foundation for the series, which promises to have some complexity and keep viewers engaged. At the conclusion of the first season, a well-developed story sets the stage nicely for the main cast for future seasons. However, the show appeared to rush some emotions too soon without establishing the connections between the characters, which diluted their impact. Nevertheless, it was ...
I have to very strongly disagree with most of the reviews left here. I honestly don't understand what there is to dislike about this anime. It's a cute love story about an awkward guy and a popular girl. It's funny, it's romantic, it's got heart, it's got cute moments. Sure there may not be anyting overly spectacular about the anime, but it's a good watch. I'd recommend it to a friend.. . I personally really liked the art style. Sharp and clear. The female character is unfortunately the "dumb promiscuous blonde" type, but when you look underneath it it's really about this girl who's only ever really ...
the best ending of all, impeccable from start to finish!!!!!! It's simply incredible, I've been watching it since I was a child and it's a great feeling of accomplishment to have the opportunity to see the end. I followed the manga and saw a lot of criticism about the ending that, honestly, I don't agree with any of it. I thought it ended very well!!!! Too sensitive and realistic ending, I cried from beginning to end, just like the rest of the anime itself. I'm feeling immense relief that the ending was perfect. I AM SATISFIED AND HAPPY, HAVE A GOOD NIGHT EVERYONE AND THANK ...
Golden Time is a 2013 film from Robot Communications. Yes, the studio behind Tsumiki no Ie. Is this as excellent as that film? Let's check.. . Story:. . We open with an old cabinet television being taken to the junkyard. After being dropped off, the television tries to escape the junkyard, possibly wanting to return to the family that used to own it. The cabinet meets a bunch of other sentient objects in the junkyard led by a broken clockwork rabbit but refuses to engage much with them.. . The biggest narrative issue with the film is that the rift between the cabinet and the other junkyard denizens isn't ...
It is a fantastic return to the Bleach series. Bleach was my very first anime as a kid. In 2012 when the anime ended my uncle introduced me to episode one calling it "Samurai Ghost Busters" From that day on I got not only into anime but this wonderful world of Bleach. Being able to see the final story finally being played out, fixing, improving, and rearranging concepts that were lacluster in the source material. It is a great time to be a Bleach fan. As this story continues on I cannot wait to see what our boy Tite Kubo will serve us, cuz god ...
A Masterful Storyline that Resonates with Depth. . Oregairu's storyline is far from the typical rom-com trope. Instead, it delves into the intricacies of human relationships, exploring the characters' inner struggles and motivations. The series shuns away from clichés and predictable plotlines, instead opting for a more realistic and nuanced approach to storytelling.. . The narrative deftly balances humor with poignant moments, creating a captivating viewing experience that resonates with both laughter and introspection. The series tackles themes of self-acceptance, social dynamics, and the complexities of human emotions, making it a deeply relatable and thought-provoking watch.. . Exceptional Character Development: A Journey of Growth. . Oregairu's characters are not mere archetypes; they are ...
Do not judge a book by it's cover!🙅🏼‍♀️. At first I was skeptical because of the cover, I thought it was one of those musical animes that introduce a bunch of members on the first episode and you will most likely forget half of their names after the first episode. I am glad I didn't draw my conclusion, thanks to my cousin who watched it and the high score also caught my attention.. . This is my first review on Myanimelist, never thought it would be on Oshi no ko. I won't contain any spoilers on my review, don't wanna ruin your experience. I will try to ...
Its not common to get an excellent anime adaptation, let alone one that's made by Netflix. This adaptation is one of the rare cases where the animation servers only to elevate an already excellent storyline. Having read the manga sometime ago, I watched the first episode expecting Netflix to butcher this title, taking into account its somewhat lack of popularity, compared to other manga at least. A relatively old manga that's focused on story and not on fighting or fanservice is rare in todays market, so I had really no hope that this anime was going to be any good, and by some miracle, I ...
This is easily the most indecisive I've been on a series quite honestly. Warning, this review is utterly dependent on the quality/resolutions delivered within the 2nd season as this is not a complete story as of writing. After so many anime/donghua, I've noticed the more you binge the more you cannot help but develop a slightly obnoxious mindset of thinking you know everything going on in the 1st ¼ of the show, off of troupes/ events you have seen play out before time & again. I went in to this on the first episode expecting a virtually historic animated account of some part of Chinese ...
Megane na Kanojo exceeded every expectation I had for it. Going in, I thought it was going to be your run of the mill romance OVA- fun, but nothing to write home about. What I got, however, was a touching series of cute vignettes that capture romance in a warm and authentic fashion, free of the pretensions of a writer simply trying to impress his audience, all somehow relating back to the experience of having glasses. Beginning with the story, the format of these small, potent snapshots of the characters and their lives works out really well, and the pacing is essentially perfect. The fact ...
It’s been a while since I have come across a hidden gem.. . An extremely heart-warming and wholesome coming of age piece. It had all the elements of a classic school romance anime, however still managed to retain its 100% originality.. . The writer did such a good job with the pacing of the story, a breeze to watch. Although the main genre was romance, I was pleased and impressed by the development and writing of other types of relationships i.e., friendships and family ties. I found the plot relatable and the character development realistic.. . Not to mention, the incredible OSTs that were used so aptly to bring ...
I thoroughly enjoyed the "Pluto" anime by Naoki Urasawa, as it skillfully navigated the complexities of Middle East wars caused by Thracia (or USA I would say lol), drawing parallels to real-world events. The pacing was impeccable, with a well-crafted build-up of tension through the exploration of unknown mysteries. The emotional depth of the characters, particularly Gesicht and his wife, resonated profoundly, immersing viewers in their pain and suffering. The blend of geopolitical themes and a touch of "Detroit: Become Human" added a unique and thought-provoking layer to the narrative. The heartwarming ending beautifully concluded the series.. . I highly recommend this anime, especially to those ...
Josee, The Tiger & The Fish is a beautifully animated story about the growing relationship between a mobility aid-bound girl named Josee & Tsueno, who becomes her caretaker and helps her get out of her home and explore the world.. . Story 10/10. One of the most true-to-life stories I've seen. Something I have seen happen and something I personally connect with being a person who works with people with disabilities, it's so true to see both the sad moments like the sense of people not caring based on a simple disability, a family that can be overbearing with fear for their loved ones, the sad moments of ...
Ethical Non-Monogamy the Anime. It's dumber than a bag of rocks but good lord it's having fun doing it.. . While not quite fully embracing the slightly more innovative polyamory route of say Kanojo mo Kanojo, Hyakkano is putting its whole ass into being silly and having a cast of characters that just play around with the dumb tropes of the genre. In the current crop of cynical but somehow not introspective dumb harem shows this is a little bright spot, even if it is, and I cannot stress this enough incredibly dumb.. . If you start watching this you don't need someone to review it for you to ...
This is one of the better harem anime out there simply because it took some time to consider some notes on belivabiblity.A lot of harem anime suffer form just letting girls just throw themslevs at the lead while being as bland an uninteresting as possible.. 100 kanojo while having the absurd premise of having to conquer 100 girls or they will die,like ,does do many things that make it stand out.. . Retarou himself is almost the top tier of harem mc.He has those thick eyebrows and a sheer shonen determination to keep the girls happy.He has an identitiy of his own.He does have to still ...
"Natsume's Book of Friends" has captured my heart in a way few animes ever have. It's a series that finds beauty in simplicity, and its charm lies in what it doesn't have – there are no wild plot twists or rapid character progressions. Instead, it offers something more priceless (if that makes sense): the exploration of friendship, the universal fear of rejection, and the quest for understanding and acceptance.. . This anime shows the importance of belonging, whether it be in human society, among the mystical yokai, or a blend of both worlds. It's a tender reflection on the various forms of love and the complexities of ...
My favorite anime/manga as of 2023. Other favorites include Oshi No Ko, Astra Lost In Space, Vinland Saga, Gurren Lagann, Reincarnated As A Slime, Wagnaria, and Toradora. Call of the Night is just so good. I honestly don't understand the people who say it's too slow. I don't actually watch a lot of TV, but sometimes I'll rewatch an episode of one of my favorite shows. These days, Call of the Night is like the only show I really enjoy watching. I discovered it a month ago, and I've already seen it about 4 times. It's hard these days to find a show with characters ...
It is with complete conviction that I can say anyone deciding not to recommend this anime is doing it for attention. No one in their right mind can watch this masterpiece of storytelling and the undeniably perfect soundtrack and not recommend it. All the "Not Recommended" reviews are extremely reductive analyses, essentially people just trying to dumb the story down to make it seem like the writer did a poor job. And that's really the only way you can drop a negative review on this, if you view it so reductively that it isn't even the same story anymore. I guarantee anyone going into this ...
Put simply, Strait Jacket is what would happen if Fullmetal Alchemist and Hellsing were fused into one show. It is a world where magic is studied like a science but misused by the powers that be in service of some grand conspiracy to horrifying effect, but also a story where a jaded and irreverent loose cannon with a haunted past hunts monsters for a living all while dragging along some poor public servant who just wanted to do her job as she becomes attached to him over time. Alternatively, it can also be described as rated R Fullmetal Alchemist. All of this is to say ...
Dang, this is good, like GOOD good. Bad stuff out of the way first, the music is just okay, and the female MC is absolutely infuriating, though her being infuriating is simply the result of good writing. Planetes starts off rather chaotically, with a funny scene about astronauts and diapers, but then it proceeds to open up and pull you along into the world of space trash cleanup. All the while it is just stunning to look at, the background art is masterfully done, and characters are actually unique people, ithe women aren't just cookie cutter eye candy and they have *gasp the horror* actual ...
I recommend watching this MV at least once to understand where I'm coming from. From a music standpoint, it does alright, and Yoasobi's catchy vocals complement the visuals nicely. The main appealing part of this MV to me was the omage to series it is referencing with original mural-like renders alongside some amazing 3D CG works. I only say it's a 7/10 because it's not one of those songs you can loop, as you can get tired of the tunes fast. The score is carried by the art and animation alongside the VFXs. The MV tells the unseen story of Freiren and her time when ...
Now, I might be biased as I am someone who has played in orchestra throughout middle school, high school, and now in college, but I really enjoyed this anime overall. I do think some of the arcs that focused on some of the side characters were sometimes boring and felt underdeveloped. Although, I was pleasantly surprised by some of the "melodrama" involving Hajime. A musicians relationship with an instrument is not always easy, but like Hajime as soon as the conductor gives the down beat all of that melts away. My conductor says that even on days where he feels bad physically or mentally, by ...
This is the kind of show that just feels like a warm hug throughout. It's not just cute for the sake of being cute, though the animation style is certainly soft and sweet enough that one might be forgiven for seeing it that way. So much of this story is about parenting and what it pulls off masterfully is its depiction of that parent-child relationship in a way that feels authentic without leaving either of them out as individuals. Both parties have their own issues, but together, they are more than the sum of their disparate parts. It helps that, as the show goes on, ...
Pretty cute set of stories.. . The first one is pretty innovative with its visual design. The entire idea of making fish out of leaves in order to design your own storybook aquarium (as well as the resulting pictures) were the highlight of these specials for me.. . The second is a pretty bog standard Christmas story that's mainly enhanced by the central duo. It's sweet to be sure, with a little something extra thrown in from Rin's perspective.. . The third also has a pretty beautiful visual design with the blossoms and the finale is especially pretty. I think they made a lot out of what could have been ...
Rating: 10/10. . Yu Yu Hakusho is nothing short of a timeless masterpiece that continues to captivate audiences across generations. From its gripping narrative to its well-developed characters, this anime stands as a shining example of excellence in the shonen genre.. . The story follows Yusuke Urameshi, a delinquent teenager who unexpectedly finds himself thrust into the role of a Spirit Detective after an untimely demise. What unfolds is a journey filled with intense battles, profound friendships, and moral dilemmas that transcend the typical tropes of the genre.. . One of Yu Yu Hakusho's greatest strengths lies in its character development. Each member of the main cast undergoes significant growth, making ...
I think it is a great anime for any beginners since it introduces many popular anime tropes and gives us a sense of intelligence (this anime being very scientific ). It begins with Senku and Taiju being turned in to stone by a gigantic world wide event. After about 3000 years after they get turned, Senku got out of his "coffin" and figure out that the cause of the stone's corrosion comes from nirtric acid.... So seeing that this story starts with a bang, it is kind of a unique form of opening in my opinion. In sum, I think this is a great start for ...
Well I've finished watching Heavenly Delusion . It was way too perfect for the anime. Story writing is way to good and I would've to consider it best after attack on titan. Premise is somewhat like promised neverland, however there're two timelines just like Nolans Momento movie.. One thing for sure it is going to be best in upcoming years if mangaka follows the story linearly and fills in the purposefully left plot holes.. Dub was amazing and the animation was literally love letter from the studio. The name tbh kinda fits with the story it deals with. Well my cousin also finished it and we were talking on ...
Story: 8/10. Visual: 10/10. Detailed: 9/10. Characters: 6/10. Emotions: 8/10. Smoothness: 8/10. OP/ED: 9/10. Audio: 8/10. Originals: 10/10. Intense: 8/10. ...
Full disclosure: I did not watch the 39 episode anime, I watched the 30th Anniversary fan edit, which converted the 16+ hours series into a trilogy of movies of less than 6 hours in total. A lot of people who presumably saw both say this is the way to go, and I guess they're probably right, because this shortened edit worked very well as a "director's cut". And I can definitely see how the story would suffer from adding 10+ more hours of pointless filler.... . The anime is not perfect (its age shows!), but it's very charming and full of surprise plot twists that kept my ...
Oshi no Ko is one of the most engaging anime I've watched. The first episode is the length of a short movie and after watching it, the other 10 episodes fly by in a flash.. . Oshi no Ko has a genuinely interesting story with a clear storyline and progression. The story is about idols but this is not an idol anime, instead it is a story about the entertainment industry and many of its negative aspects. These aspects are explored by the main characters not just for the story's sake but because the characters' own aspirations just happen to involve the entertainment industry. I think ...
Starts out dark but takes a surprising turn towards light-hearted comedy. However, beneath the surface there are interesting undertones of ethical philosophy. While princess Mia’s actions are (mostly) motivated by her own interests she is making the world a better place. Can her actions be said to be morally right? A consequentialist would answer yes while others might argue that a “good deed” motivated by selfish desire isn’t truly good and that Mia hasn’t truly changed until she embraces true selflessness.. . So far, the anime hasn’t explicitly delved deeply into these topics, which is refreshing as the alternative would risk being too on the nose. It ...
In simple word watch it if you can bear some shity animation because in the end it will be worthit. i give this anime 7 but it deserves 9 , i cut 2 points for animation only , usuallly i cut 1 point but this time studio pirreot has done more shit in animation then in naruto........ . So basically it about mc become a great worrior or general but unlike other anime this anime does not just focus on mc , you will get some episodes where there is focus on some other characters, which i really like. but according to me this season does not ...
They lost a star from 9 to 8, because the Japanese are an obstinate culture and they refuse to get voice actors that actually speak English. Their ridicule tentative to voice it is quite an anti-immersive experience.... . Apart from that catastrophic error,. This anime is the bomb. . Still losing that star though.... . Ignore what follows, but this website stupidity surprisingly stops people from commenting unless they follow a certain formula:. Here are a few ideas of what you may want to include:. . ...
This Anime was absolutely a charm. Been watching so many Anime recently, but this was like a fresh breath.. Absolutely loved the characters.. I wouldn't call it the best sports Anime out there, but it doesn't need to be the best. Sports might not be the best area this Anime expels at, but this Anime had a lot going for it. And they were really good.. . Characters were great.. Especially the MC. They showed that MC, even though he was good, he was very flawed.. After the incident, he struggled, but he did not gave up. Other characters were also good. The helped lift each other up.. And the ...
Even though this anime is from 2010, it is still a lot better than many other shows in different aspects. Watching in 2023, it still feels something relevant nevertheless.. The animation and art style looks fine. Even as a rom-com enjoyer, I can say it's pretty much polished.. Having a somewhat firm plot is one of the best things about this anime. Not to mention the characters have pretty noticeable differences and values to them. The twists are also something compelling.. Recommending this anime IS a must tbh. It can soak you into it very firmly with its plot development.
Beauty in simplicity.. . This was a short and sweet series, about two men getting together at a high school reunion. There are only six episodes clocking in at three minutes, so not one that takes forever to deliver. And unlike “Mignon”, the other boy love series by the same studio, director, and writer (I think…), this one does not take to the last episode to deliver the goods… if you know what I mean ? (it is rated "R" / "adult", after all).. . It also has less going on, which is not always a bad thing. You want boy love romance? Well, here you go! No gimmicks, ...
Pluto is a show that is yet another great piece of media written by Urasawa having been adapted to a full anime. Pluto is a more unique work of Urasawa with the story being his own take on an about 180 page Astro Boy arc. Only experience I’ve had with Astro Boy is the 2009 animated film but I don’t remember anything about it, you can come into this series blind.. . The story was good, I won’t get too deep into it as it develops greatly but the story follows a robot detective named Gesicht attempting to solve these cases of the deaths of humans ...
Gurren Lagann is an anime series that is known for its over-the-top action, giant robots, and ridiculous characters. However, the show is aware of this and uses it to its advantage, striving to be the best anime of its kind. The show is a powerhouse of pure energy and entertainment, with every episode being progressively bigger and better than the previous one. The show's theme is centered around the spiral concept, which is a unique and thought-provoking concept used throughout the show.. . What sets Gurren Lagann apart from other philosophical anime is that it incorporates symbolism into the show without bogging down the viewer with jargon. ...
Fullmetal Alchemist is a popular anime series with two versions: Fullmetal Alchemist and Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood. Both versions are considered good, but their plotlines have some differences.. . In the first version of Fullmetal Alchemist, the first half of the series is considered really good. It features notable moments like the fight between Edward Elric & Roy Mustang and the State Alchemist test taken by Edward Elric. However, the second half of the series takes many twists and turns, and some viewers may find it less impressive than the first half.. . On the other hand, Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood is true to the manga and has the soul of ...
(this review will contin some punctuation mistakes). . What can is say about "Rekka"? the thing is shit and is one of the worst anime ever made but HEEEEELLLLLL... The episode 21 and real anime of "Rekka" is the is good as all FUCK and is the best anime material of all, yes better than "EVANGELION", "HUNTER X HUNTER" (of course), FULLMETAL ALCHEMIST", "JOJO" (of course) and any anime or anime material you could thing. WHY? well that thing... IS SO SATANIC... That is good, yeah, many people knows that "Rekka" is satanic and its episode 21 is not free from being satanic but its satanism makes ...
In terms of personal ranking, this wouldn’t be my number 1, but my god, I can’t see anything wrong with it, so a 10 it gets. Does break the top 5, though.. . The premise gets dropped after the third or so episode, so if you don’t like gore, no worries, neither does this show. It’s really about the quiet kid coming out of his shell. There’s not much plot to sell the show, but that’s the neat part. Having no plot means having no plot contrivances, therefore not overextending the length of what could have otherwise been just another vanilla rom-com. Instead, the show sells itself ...
I saw a few reviews about the pacing and animation which does not resonate with me at all. I am anime only for CSM but as far as the first season goes, I couldn't have expected anything more thrilling and genuine excitement after every episode. Animation wise Id give it a 7 nothing wrong with it but of course not perfect. Pacing was rounded out perfectly IMO, the show never dragged anything out with perfect amount of action and character bonding time. For a 12 episode season I felt like I was properly introduced to most of the characters and the ones that weren't I ...
Why does this pretentious looking kid's show have such a high rating?. . The title "Made in Abyss" accompanied by a display which does an apt job of putting off one longing for a serious adventure fantasy with competent writing.. . What am I getting into? I pondered... . My investigation promptly started on the first 3 episodes of this show, I was displeased and unimpressed, consequently I dropped it. Another day came and a weekly attempt to try and tie up loose ends landed on this show. Delved straight in from episodes 4-13 not wasting time on the rather mediocre opening.. . It seems my initial thoughts were mistaken.. . ...
I wish I never saw attack on titan but at the same time if I could delete my memories and watch any anime for the first time again, Attack on titan would definitely be my choice. Attack on Titan has probably impacted me way more than any other anime I’ve ever watched. Without a doubt, the show stands as one of the best pieces of fiction ever created, and for me personally, it's the piece of fiction that made me question my entire existence multiple times.. . The ending of Attack on Titan is perfect because of humanity's imperfections. Humans are complicated and conflicted. There is ...
Can an anime be humorous and dark at the same time? Well, Bacanno! is just like that.. . Flawed and morally dubious folks capture you from the first episode, making you unable to escape their charm throughout the whole series. Characters' flaws make the characters fun to be with: the girl obsessed with Bangs and the pair of thieves that are so endearing you wish to see more of them. Sometimes stupid but always fun to watch. The character behaves realistically and makes this anime so fun. The setting of the underground world is very nostalgic. It reminds me of the movies from the 90s. The art ...
One Punch Man is such a treat. While I was watching it, my enjoyment level wasn't through the roof. Each episode plays out pretty normally and somewhat expectedly once you realize the dynamics of the show. I can easily see how one might find this one boring or unnecessary, but if you try to like it, you'll realize it doesn't take much effort at all. It's kind of like music for me. It might feel average or by-the-numbers as you're going through it, but as soon as that last note hits your ears, it resolves everything left hanging in the air, and you immediately know ...
NO SPOILERS. Attack on Titan is without a doubt one of the best anime ever made and this finale was more than just satisfying, let's not talk about the production quality or action choreography, they were flawless but the the character interaction and relationship between the original trio makes your heart melt and also makes you preety sad I will remember this conclusion till the day I die the way isayama wrapped up the story was very controversial but I fail to see why this was very good , I never liked Eren and I don't know if I like him even now but nevertheless AOT ...
Masamune-kun no Revenge R (2023). . One of these shows I kept putting off since season 1 and the OVA. Now the second season is done, I decided finally it is time to watch.. . What did I expect? Harem, Cringe, Awkwardness.. . What did I get? Harem, Cringe, and a realistic end... sort of.. . I expected the show to stick with the harem and the main guy to be changed and move forward. What I didn't expect was the web of lies that caused the situation to be so heartwrenching. Imagine where we would be had it not happened. Also, I do like that whilst the girls still ...
Have you ever wondered what happens when the limits of science are challenged? Prepare for an intriguing and exciting journey with “Pluto,” the Netflix series that immerses you in a world where ethics and technology collide in unexpected ways.. . The plot follows a group of visionary scientists who undertake an ambitious project to explore the far reaches of the solar system. As they advance their mission, they face moral dilemmas and the unimaginable consequences of their discoveries. The series captures you from the first episode with its intense narrative and complex characters.. . "Pluto" not only offers a fascinating glimpse into the technological future, but also raises profound ...
Steins;Gate is a a good barometer for understanding what makes an anime good.. . Does the anime have something unique that you've never seen before in the medium? Steins;Gate has a time-machine microwave and world lines.. . Does the anime have a memorable main character? HOUOUIN KYOUMA. SUNOVABITCH. . Does the main character have humor and humanity in equal measure? Does your MC suffer in a countless number of parallel worlds to save his friends from a danger spawned from his own hubris and curiosity while screaming nonsense at the top of his lungs?. . Does the anime have a badass plot? CERN kills main characters again and again in a time ...
I wish there was more of this series, each episode is short but it was kind of nice for my attention span. I have rewatched this show 3 times because of the art style. At first I didn’t know how to feel about it, but it’s so so good. There is a transformation scene and it felt so cinematic, the way they did the visuals was so nice to look at. I love the way the characters look, and I love the way they sound. I haven’t seen too many boxing animes, but this one definitely had a twist. If you like Boxing, Vampires, Romance, ...
This is an post-apocalyptic series with sci-fi elements about two characters kiruko and maru who are each one respectively on a journey searching for someone together, along the 13 episodes they go passing by differents cities and encountering with people trying to gather clues about the whereabouts of those people, inbetween that there is some action taking place though worth to mention that is not much because the nature of the series its not that as well to ending with some adventures on the way.. . The story is narrated on paralel being two differents stories which to simple view might not have much correlation one with ...
Story is okay nothing to right home about there's nothing philosophical going on lol, but thats honestly one of the strong points. If you're looking for a good action anime with some badass moments this is a really good pick.. . I honestly gave it such a high score because those action scenes and the flash backs to paint Ragnas motivations are just that good. and by god the fighting is good. You might see some other "not recommended" reviews mentioning Ragna being too strong but hey thats literally the first couple episode you think he's going to fight anyone strong then? Or the MC is edgy? ...
Chikyuu wo Mitsumete is a 2011 film from Nippon animation. The same studio behind Kazoku Robinson Hyouryuuki: Fushigi na Shima no Flone. So, what is this science fiction/ edutainment film about? Let's have a look.. . Story:. . We open with a look at Earth from space with some rather grandiose prose about how amazing it is. This is quickly followed by some scientific explanations about how the Earth was formed and how life on the planet evolved set to classical music. After a combined total of about seven minutes for those segments, we transition to the main plot. Aliens are watching us from a disguised space station ...
Garo is a rather overlooked and underrated show that quite surprised me. Good production values and plenty of fun action should be up the alley of a lot of people.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 8/10. -----------------------------------------------. . The visual quality is very good across the board. Action scenes are high octane with good animation, mixing and matching more traditional anime and some subtle 3D. Art style is detailed and expressions on point.. . . Sound / Music / Voice Acting - 8/10. ...
I DONT UNDERSTAND WHY I LIKE THIS. watching Aria was like going down a calming foggy boat ride. I was never captivated to watch episode after episode. "This show is good for me to fall asleep to" was my thought. Matter of fact it took me 1+ year to get to Origination. Yet at the same time, as the final episodes of Origination came in at the end it was as if the fog finally lifted .I realized I had been stabbed 30 times ,my body on the boat in a wreck , emotional wounds. WHY I WAS CRYING? HOW CAN A CHARACTER TAKING OFF A ...
Lots of thoughts, but overall a 10/10.. This is one of the best novel I have seen. For the ending, the revelation of two-faced characters was not enough, and there were fewer fights in the second series, and this is probably a question for the director than for the author. (the final part 9 out of 10). In general, this anime is not only about war and love (as some say), but much more, with each season the topics for reflection are constantly changing, and at the end of the last series there are so many of them that the brain cannot decide which one or whom ...
A decent continuation of the series. The animation is better than ever, with much better blending of 2D and 3D than in seasons 1 and 2. Obviously, there's plenty of fighting. It's not quite as moving as 1 and 2, but there are a few special moments. The party gets some more battle companions, and we get to see some of their story.. . On the downside, the world-building feels more hollow than it started out. It feels like the story is a bunch of random made up stuff to continue the story, without a cohesive overarching mission, sort of like Dragon Ball Z, with its endless ...
This current score (6.6) is reeeeally unfair!. . Of course this is seinen and thus less popular, maybe some people see Ninja in the name and assume it's another Naruto spin-off but.... . The story is fairly simple but keeps you hooked, dialogues are meaningful (either relevant to the plot/world building or just funny), the artstyle is pretty cool and unique (though I bet many will dislike it at first, given it's not the same style as 99% of what we see in other animes) and the characters seem to have well defined personalities as of episode 6.. . May not be a 10, but I definitely recommend it!
The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten is basically the antithesis of what I love in the romance genre, and, if you can't guess already, I'm a fan.. . Story & Characters: The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten has an everyday schooler, Amane Fujimiya, who often spends his time alone in his apartment, letting the days pass by. He doesn't really do much of anything that he'd consider particularly special. One day, on his way home from class, he sees a girl sitting alone in the rain at the park, getting soaked from head to toe. Not one to really show many emotions ...
Rapidfire fun!. . . Boring exposition monoluges or the story taking forever to get going is what makes even classic Shonen hard to get into, sometimes.. . There are thousands of minutes to watch, but where the the cool stuff REALLY kicks in is at Episode 50.. "CmOn, tHE tHiRd aRc iS sO aWeSoMe!11" - They say, but you're at Episode 1 and it's a snoozefest.. . . You ever felt this way? Well, Undead Unluck hits different. Modern Shonen has arrived, where the characters are loveable from the get go, the goal is simple but engaging and the plot moves incerdibly fast paced from one exciting confrontation to the next one.. ...
Story & Characters: The Dangers in My Heart is a school romance series that examines the life of withdrawn introvert, Kyoutarou (Kyou for short) Ichikawa. He often fantasizes about crime and death, even going so far as to bring books about murders and crime to school to read. This obviously rubs people the wrong way when they try to introduce themselves to him and it often results in him keeping to himself a lot. That is, until he realizes that the beautiful Anna Yamada is in his class and somehow manages to always be in his favourite spot - the library. ...
Cute story with loveable characters, all of them with their own personalities and quirks. Funny interactions and moments than can make you laugh out loud. Mayor green flag energy from all the main cast.. . Talks about leaving and abusive job and moving to a new one with a totally different boss, and working to get over your trauma in this new environment with your unintentionally funny new boss. The comedy never fails but it doesn't make the dramatic and serious scenes less important or interesting.. . The anime is not about these huge and embarassing moments in life, but about small , everyday mistakes that make ...
Story & Characters: By now, you're probably familiar with Bleach enough to know that the war between the Quincies and Soul Reapers rages on in this second part, labeled as The Separation. Why it's called that, I'm actually not sure, but this marks the second part out of four. Is it worth continuing this adventure? Absolutely. This part fleshes out some more details both about why Yhwach is seeking to invade the Soul Society, and just how powerful some of his comrades are. Like Soul Reapers, they all have their own specialized abilities and even if some are a little ...
This was certainly one of the best anime with a romance and adventure theme that I've ever had the opportunity to watch! At first I didn't care for anything, but as the work progressed I became very attached and enchanted by the characters, the two protagonists are sensational and even the antagonist had her perfect ending!. The art is beautiful, that whole universe was beautiful, the mix of stories, stories, it had everything! The soundtrack was certainly one of the best I've ever heard and was one of the main reasons for me to burst into tears in those last two episodes, the dubbing was incredible ...
Elfen Lied is a controversial anime, but I think it is a masterpiece. It is dark and disturbing, but also thought-provoking and visually stunning. The characters are complex and well-developed, and the story stays with you long after you finish watching it.. . Of course, Elfen Lied is not for everyone. It contains extreme violence, gore, and child nudity. However, I think that the anime's dark subject matter is handled tastefully and with purpose. Elfen Lied explores themes of violence, prejudice, and the nature of humanity in a way that is both challenging and rewarding.. . I have also written a review of Elfen Lied on my blog, where ...
The anime being reviewed is a visual masterpiece with stunning animation that will leave an impression. The voice acting is spot-on, and the characters are well-developed, making their motivations and backstories all the more convincing.. . While the first few episodes may be considered slow by some viewers, it is highly recommended to stick with it because the series picks up around episode 3 or 4, and the story is a true work of art.. . Episodes 6 to 13 are particularly emotional, with incredibly heartfelt and heartbreaking stories that will make even the toughest viewers shed a tear. In fact, it's difficult not to cry at least ...
The anime in question may seem uneventful initially, but as the story progresses, it becomes one of the best fighting animes to watch. The narrative is focused on telling a story and doesn't drag out, making it a great watch.. . The plot revolves around Tatsumi, a boy from a poor village who travels to the capital to earn money to save his hometown. He learned to fight as a kid, taught by a teacher in his village. Along the way, he meets a group of assassins, and the story unfolds from there.. . The series' theme is assassination, heroism, and social values, where good and evil ...
The series in question is an amazing piece of entertainment that boasts well-crafted characters with dramatic storylines. The protagonist character can display a wide range of emotions, from comical to romantic to violent. The female characters are portrayed as strong and admirable, making them easy to root for.. . The story is set in the 1870s era and features impressive sword-fighting action scenes. The show offers viewers a glimpse into the past and its historical context while touching on contemporary issues. For instance, it addresses terrorism by showing the villains attacking the government, and it also explores the complexities of living a life of peace instead of ...
I recently watched a 12-part Anime series on Blu-ray, which was available in English 5.1 and the original language (2.0). The series was translated well, and its atmosphere and presentation were quite impressive. The series features good voice acting, with great ambient sounds and an artwork that is both impressive and hypnotic. While the story may seem a bit complex, it comes together in the end.. . This isn't your typical Samurai-Anime series, and if you're looking for something action-packed like Ninja Scroll, you may not find it here. However, this is the perfect series for you if you're into Ghost in the Shell's more arty ...
Well it's me again, Review some "Family Friendly" Anime. I think we had really strong difference from Eps 1 and 2. On eps 1 on my opinion the storyline is soft... slow,. . But well as you see, because i explain that eps 1 and 2 is different. well as you expecting the eps 2 was more brutal.... alot "FEMDOM" going on..... i not gonna explain what happen on Eps 2 since it will considered as spoiler. but what i should tell you on season 2 is they alot more "Brutal". maybe not as heavy as "Anata wa watashi mono ni" but yeah. on eps 2 alot going on... and it seems NETORARE?. ...
"My Isekai Life" navigates the well-trodden path of the isekai genre, offering a narrative that, while not groundbreaking, manages to surpass the mediocrity often associated with generic isekai anime. It doesn't redefine the genre, but it does a commendable job of delivering a somewhat more polished and engaging experience compared to its counterparts.. . The anime's protagonist, while fitting the mold of a strong and determined character, doesn't necessarily break new ground. However, the execution is competent, offering a character that is relatable and authentic enough to keep viewers invested. It doesn't stray far from the familiar isekai formula, but it doesn't stumble over its own clichés ...
Amazing show :). . Yu and Umika are always amazing and wholesome, and provide such a great contrast when paired together, it really brights my day when a new episode comes out!. . I always watch shows for the characters and not the plot, and for me this anime is great so far, so many amazing characters who boost each other up too.. . Always a joy to watch them learn more about rockets, hopefully they'll be successful at making a real one someday ^-^. . This show is very funny a lot of the time too, and the animations great!. . 8/10, highly recommended, will bright up your day.
Story: 9/10. Visual: 6/10. Detailed: 8/10. Characters: 6/10. Emotions: 9/10. Smoothness: 6/10. OP/ED: 7/10. Audio: 9/10. Originals: 9/10. Intense: 9/10. ...
Overlord IV picks up as anyone would expect after watching the first three installments. Ainz continues on his quest to further his ultimate goal. Is it the same as Albedo and the rest of the guardians think in the continuous back and forth word-play outbursts that put some of the guardians in awe of the great sorcerer king, the same ones that often leave him confused or flustered? You'll have to watch and find out.... . Now that I've inserted my bit of fun, onto my opinion of the season. I know I have said in reviews of the previous seasons that the show has started to ...
This show isn't for everyone but I really enjoyed it.. . The animation is stunning, the characters are interesting, and the narrative while not perfect can really hit sometimes. I really came to love these characters and came out of this show smiling.. . It does have some spots that feel a bit sloppy but it makes up for it for the moments that it really shines. While some of the ideas it was trying to express felt a little forced and awkward there were others that really hit home and made me really feel a connection with some of these characters.. . Not a perfect show but I got ...
Story: 9/10. Visual: 6/10. Detailed: 8/10. Characters: 6/10. Emotions: 9/10. Smoothness: 6/10. Audio: 9/10. OP/ED: 7/10. Originals: 9/10. Intense: 8/10. ...
Shangri-La Frontier: Unveiling the Game-Changer. . Genre Trio: Action, Adventure, Fantasy. . A blend that's not just a cocktail of clichés but a masterclass in genre synergy.. Video Game Anime: Breaking the Mold. . Shangri-La Frontier defies the 'isekai' norm, ditching RPG mechanics lectures and tasteless buffs.. No scummy villains, no over dramatic crying; just a guy enjoying a game without risking his real-life sanity.. Raw Appeal Unleashed: An Unexpected Surprise. ...
This show was great. It definitely leans towards the BL despite not actually exploring this particular avenue. The relationship between the two male characters felt more romantic than between the MCs and love interests.. . . One of the main highlights, for me at least, was the music. I want to preface this with the fact that I aren't really into Jazz at all, but man there were some bops.. . I had mixed feelings going into the show, especially as I've never been a great enjoyer of 'music/band' anime. This definitely exceeded my expectations and then some.. . The characters, animation and music made this anime one of my ...
I genuinely enjoyed this a lot more than I anticipated. It could be recency bias, but this is probably my new favorite Rom-Com anime.. . It has its cringe moments - especially during the beginning of the show. As the characters progress and we get to understand how they think it becomes less cringey and more endearing.. . The comedy was great, the romance was wholesome and there was just enough awkward to make me think about how I used to be when I was that age. A genuinely great show, great characters and lovely animation.. . I would recommend this to any Rom Com enjoyer. I can't wait ...
Parasyte is a Sci-Fi/Fantasy/Horror series inspired by 'Invasion of the Body Snatchers.' The plot follows parasitic aliens who infiltrate Earth and begin taking over human bodies and eating humans indiscriminately. They do this by replacing the humans' heads with their own bodies. However, some humans manage to resist the parasites from taking over their brains. As a result, the parasites resort to eating and infusing different body parts to survive. The Main Character, Izumi, is one of these people. The parasite was only able to take over his right arm.. . Izumi finds himself in a difficult situation since he is the only living human who knows ...
I'm sure many of us grew up watching this show, making it a staple of our childhood years. It's hard not to look back at it with rose-tinted glasses and feel overwhelmed with nostalgia. Of course, like any film or TV series, it has flaws, but that doesn't detract from its greatness. I could talk for hours about why this show is so amazing, but at its core, the characters make it stand out. The show is a significant commitment, with almost 300 episodes in DBZ alone, which can be a downside for some people. However, it's also a significant strength of the show. Unlike ...
Usually, the story in the anime adapts to the original material, the manga. Although many anime series, such as One Piece and Naruto, do an excellent job, the manga always stands out better. However, Hunter x Hunter 2011 is an exception to this trend.. . Hunter X Hunter follows the story of Gon Freecs, who is on a path of adventure laid down by his father, to meet him at the end. Along the way, Gon makes great friends and goes on multiple adventures, starting with becoming a hunter by passing the hunter exam. The Hunter exam is a tournament common in Shounen (mangas aimed at teen ...
Many people believe that anime is a lightweight form of entertainment that caters to a younger audience and relies heavily on cliches and recycled content. While this criticism is partly true, several shows prove otherwise. One such show is Welcome to the NHK, which tells a memorable story about the human experience.. . Produced by Studio Gonzo in 2006, Welcome to the NHK follows the story of Tatsuhiro Sato, a college dropout who is unemployed and afraid to interact with the outside world. He is known as a 'hikikomori' in Japanese culture, a label he wears with shame and self-loathing. He lives in isolation in his apartment ...
I may be biased towards this show because of the Vikings, but I found it fantastic overall. The storyline was nearly perfect, except for a few changes I would make for my preference. It's a bit like a light Game of Thrones-esque story, but with enough action that it's not just talk.. . What I found unusual about this anime and one of the reasons I liked it, is that unlike most other animes I enjoy, the characters are mostly normal people. A few characters possess strength, speed, and skill beyond human capabilities, but they're not "he punched the moon in half with a flick of his ...
Vinland Season 2 has finally ended, and it's been a long journey. Firstly, it's hard to suggest the 3/4 episode test because this season is slow and clearly divided. Nonetheless, despite its flaws, I enjoyed Season 2, but I think it could have been better. The animation is solid but sometimes inconsistent, and the music is great. The story is compelling, and some amazing characters make it a satisfying watch. I don't know if Season 3 is being worked on yet, but it doesn't matter. The ending of this season was pretty damn good. If you can survive the middle arc of the show, you'll ...
The stoic king of gangland tales of post-2000 anime. Action-packed but grounded, plenty of style with just as much sobriety, in many ways it feels more like one of its own major influences in the crime genre than a work inspired by them. Very similarly to the classic Westerns, wiseguy dramas and Hong Kong action cinema whose influences it wears on its sleeve, it's not about guns any more than it's about the people standing on each end of them; who they are, what landed them these roles, and if there's even anywhere to go from there.. . The themes of friendship, loyalty, ambition and betrayal aren't ...
First, I wanna talk about the animation. It's quite... How you said it. Old? Bad? Or maybe Blurry? For someone who already watched a title like "Jujutsu Kaisen" and "Kimetsu no Yaiba" It's not attempting at all because this story is about "fighting" a ghost and they didn't quite show it with the beauty of art. In short, this animation style is not that appetite.. Second, the voice actor is good and able to make the feeling of fear. No further comment for these good voice actors.. Third, the story, sorry to say but this is just like Pokemon but in horror. The difference is, that almost ...
The only reason for anyone to rate the Final Chapter of this Final Season below an 7/Good would be solely because of the absolutely insane standards the show has set over the past decade. Every. single. season. has been delivered with streaming animation, raw voice acting, masterpiece musical score, and of course a riveting, episode turning plotline. This show absolutely spoiled us anime enjoyers beyond anything we could hope for and I fully agree with Gigguk that this show is in a realm of it's own as "generation defining".. . I'll admit: when watching this last piece I did wonder WTF was going on a couple ...
Infinite Stratos is very dear to me. This was one of my earliest animes I ever saw. The IS suits are fantastic, basically humanoid body armor that gives the person a unique power set depending on either potential. That really cool. The OST soundtrack for this is great and the animation/fights are well choreographed. The characters are all fun and very well designed. The dub is my personal favorite, not only is the MC played by the King of Harem Scott Freeman who has been in everything from Highschool DxD to Date A Live. But the main heroin is voiced by my favorite VA Monica ...
Space dandy is one misunderstood anime.. . Do not expect the next cowboy bebop but rather a thematically inverted version of it.. Every episode was created as if Shinichirō Watanabe gave 3 buckets of lego with identical pieces, themes & characters to some of the most talented directors in the industry just to see what they could build.. The series is like walking through the showroom containing said lego creations to see what stories & themes the directors came up with.. The show might not be well rememberd but what it tried to achive as a directorial experiment should not be forgotten.. . It's dumb, it's smart, it's funny, it's sad, it's ...
So far I'm really positively surprised with the anime.. . Each episode feels like a part of a movie and tells its own story in its own way, with some significance to the overall story and continues the characters.. This is supported by the great animation and drawing style, which is one of the things that makes Arknights special and beautiful.. . It is an anime that is not full of action scenes or has many epic scenes, as is already normal in some other anime, but rather tells its story slowly and with a certain love.. . However, unfortunately the narrative is often confused and one expects the audience to have ...
Akuma-Kun (2023) is one of the four new projects announced in 2021 to celebrate Shigeru Mizuki’s 100th birthday. To the uninitiated, Mizuki is an incredibly influential figure in Japanese pop culture. Being a Youkai researcher, his interests in the world of folktales and how they affect the society they encompass influence the works he writes. His most popular work is Gegege no Kitarou, which made a huge step into the western anime community back in 2018 with its most recent adaptation simulcasting on Crunchyroll. However, 34 years after its initial adaptation and 60 years since the publication of its first manga, Akuma-Kun takes an all-new ...
Probably the most unique show airing this season. Sleeper hit with an interesting premise, good execution, the comedy lands very consistently, and in the couple moments thus far where it's taken its setting more seriously it works shockingly well. It's a breath of fresh air, especially for comedy anime, which even when done well rarely try something different stylistically. I'd liken this to a ninja What We Do In The Shadows - dry, understated comedy that lets the fking hilarious situations stand on their own.. . Did I mention the surprisingly good fight choreography? The fight choreography is surprisingly good.. . I'm not going to spoil anything, this show ...
What happens when you take one of the most beloved shonens of its era and give it a glow up that looks hard even by today's standard? The answer is both something that makes it to the top 10 of MAL's rankings, and something that isn't as good as you would expect from my description.. . The original Bleach running ended on a pretty good change of pace. The last arc had a pretty fantastic build up for a disappointing climax, when Kubo is normally an expert at doing the opposite. This arc also starts pretty well. It's tense despite suffering from the we need more syndrome ...
Incredible show.. This has quickly become my favorite anime, I don't really watch anime for plot and similar, I watch it for the characters, and this show has 3 characters that I love, along with that, the comedy in this show is also very funny.. . My now all time favorite character, Nijika. My 2nd all time favorite character, Hitori. And my 3rd all time favorite character, Ikuyo.. . Nijika is amazing. She is very honest, but also a great friend and generally very nice. She's always cheerful too, despite having a lot of responsibilities and doing a lot of work, which I think is admirable. She's also very considerate and understanding. ...
This anime requires your full attention it’s supposed to be slow on purpose instead of it being fast pace it would just ruin the shows true meaning of essential nihilism each characters in the show has answers to essential nihilism with their respective philosophies this anime is something you’re supposed to appreciate for it complex narrative something you relate to in real life what I’m trying to say is this anime is not made for you if you don’t appreciate it’s deep messages about nihilism. . . I’m going to put this anime at a 10/10 for me because most people would just drop it after the ...
I love this anime so much. There are so many characters, but none of them feel flat or just plain. I think it's quite difficult to not find atleast one character an interesting/fun character.. I've heard a lot of people complain that the main character shouts way too much, but in all honesty you get used to it quickly and it tones done after a couple of episodes.. The worldbuilding is a bit shaky from time to time, but it's easy for me to get over that fact. After all the concept and the overall story are just way too fun and interesting to just focus ...
Story: 7/10. Visual: 8/10. Detailed: 6/10. Characters: 9/10. Emotions: 8/10. Smoothness: 7/10. Audio: 9/10. OP/ED: 5/10. Originals: 7/10. Intense: 7/10. ...
There are so many elements in One piece that make me apreciate it and even think of it as an absolute masterpiece.. There are some faults yes, but this anime is a perfect example of balance between good and bad.. As someone who has difficulty focusing for a long time, this anime should be (in theory) a hell for me to watch. This is not at all the case. The anime is so good it keeps me motivated to keep on watching and when I take breaks of the anime it's easy to get back into it.. I'm further in the manga than I am in the anime, ...
The story of this anime is very interesting, it is not as interesting as king's avatar is but is still well above average. I can't say the story is unique but it is very interesting that one will look forward to.. The anime is an original anime so I cannot talk about future but for now the story totally revolve around shun the protagonist.. It has many life lessons and it may become inspiration for anyone who have abandon there passion in favor of a more realistic options in life.. I suggest this anime for all who wants to follow their passion and also to those who ...
Since the advent of harem anime with Love Hina, Ranma 1/2 and others, we have 3, 4, 5 girls chasing after one lucky male character. Now, in the era of "modern" anime, we have 100 girls swooning over one mega-chad, beast of a man, a god above gods, with enough rizz to halt inflation, Aijou Rentarou. He has been tasked to "faithfully" date 100 soulmates so do not suffer a tragic death, following the instructions of an old crackhead god who is responsible enough to allow 100 lives to lie on one high schoolers' shoulders. Is following this gigachad's journey in collecting girls like pokemon ...
This is the ultimate casual comfort show. MC is hilarious and the vibe of the whole thing is light, funny, silly, and entertaining. It's slice-of-life comedy about falling asleep. The setting is a demon castle where she finds a bunch of wacky things to help her do so, while inadvertently terrorizing the demon community. She goes from princess to boogeyman over the course of the season. She is like a virus that the poor demons foolishly accepted and now have to live with and cater to. A great anime to watch casually or fall asleep to (the dub is solid for this purpose). Kind of ...
I haven't watched this in YEARS, not to mention I watched it dubbed and not subbed so there was a bit of a difference when I watched it. It's based a few years before the original series and it's the first encounter of the DigiDestined with Digimon and tells us the incident when Parrotmon came to the real world.. I don't think I have to explain the animation in this. It's amazing and every frame moves fluently. You mostly focus on Taichi and his little sister Hikari but you also see the young future DigiDestined from the original and season two. I highly enjoyed it ...
I have a few must-haves when I consider good slice of life comedy romance: romantic progress, a humorous vibe if not straight-up laugh out loud comedy, a supporting cast that works for the romance and comedy.. . 1. Romantic progress: How many slice of life romances involve an infinity of hesitation, self-questioning, bullshit reasoning for why they aren't together, and lack of any progress over the course of multiple seasons? (screw you Uzaki-chan) This anime has real progress that doesn't get walked back or extended forever because of greed or bad writing. The leads are amusing and compatible as complete weirdos, they act like they're dating most ...
13 episodes in: (8). This series only gets more intriguing as it progressed. The mystery aspect amps up, tying all the random dots into a web. It's not easy to make me care about the case-of-the-week, but this anime never lose my interest. I like how the anime looks glamorous and glossy, but doesn't shy away from a lot of darkness of its period. It is still a light vibes for the most part, but. there's a good mix of mystery, fun, & world building weekly. So glad I continued.. . Initial thoughts: (7). When a show about a girl who got kidnapped and sold to the palace turns ...
Story: 10/10. . This anime genuinely had one amazing storyline. The twists, the turns, the air of mystery, the eeriness, it was all just outstanding. I watched all 12 episodes of this anime back to back, and it didn't disappoint. If you're looking for a classic horror/mystery anime with a genuinely eerie and unsettling vibe to it, this is the one to watch.. . Art: 9/10.. . Artstyle is good, only reason i give it a 9 is because it's a little noticeably dated, but th anime is 11 years old now, so i can't knock it too much. I have to see, even for an anime that's 11 years old ...
I'm surprised by how many times I've welled up with tears in my eyes at the thought of this show. The show means so much to me, and it was a joy to watch. I have fond memories warmly in my bed watching this show at release each night in different places in different eras of my life. This show was emotionally moving, and the characters move deeply in my heart. Now, It is almost like something is missing- but with a warm and gentle resolve. I couldn't be more happy with the conclusion of this story. It is truly some of the best storytelling ...
Story: 7/10. Visual: 7/10. Detailed: 8/10. Characters: 8/10. Emotions: 8/10. Smoothness: 8/10. Audio: 9/10. OP/ED: 5/10. Originals: 8/10. Intense: 8/10. ...
It is not more remarkable than a usual shonen anima in that respect. The anime lovers, especially those with a taste of Shonan will appreciate this one. Moreover, it has a good story line. The paper considers a group of murderers who want to eliminate corrupted rulers with the purpose to establish better conditions in Nairobi.. . They capture character development and fighting very well. The animation is awesome and so is the music. There is also too much fan service and nothing will be left unsaid or in the other words nobody on that pervert’s list will complain! Nevertheless, there is always a tragic end in ...
Its a very good movie and also a good idea to make a movie for end with Takumi street racing by himself and make a new beginning in a other way of street racing.. Here we also talk about natsuki mogi and see how much she improve beside the fault she made before with her sugar daddy, its not a charac that i hate, she just never learn about sugar daddy and thought it was something normal and after got caught after understand that it was bad, instead of keeping a sugar daddy for money, she wanted to understand how the world really work and we ...
Among the animes for the Spring 2023 season, “The Danger in My Heart” is the one of the best.. The conversation between Anna and Ichikawa in this high school romance is one of the most perfectly balanced funny and cute sentences. Amusing moments in Ichikawa and Anna’s food obsession give additional delicious elements.. This is an intriguing bond that captures audience interest into buying this product. And as funny as the series sounds to me, I think there are those funny moments that balance with heartwarming scenes. This attests that the production of season two is already on. Go ahead and watch it, then give us your ...
I really like this. This is the first romance anime I've watched, I've re-watched it many times, the art style is good. I really like the opening! I like the art style. I even memorized the opening of this anime but unfortunately now I've forgotten a bit T-T I like Shizuku who tries hard, even though she acts indifferent to those around her, but actually she also cares about those around her, especially the people close to her. because in the anime the ending is a bit of a cliffhanger, I've read the manga until the end, I really like this!!
Attack on Titan is a generation defining masterpiece.. . Over the past 10 years, Attack on Titan or, Shingeki no Kyojin, has been one of the most popular, most loved, and most complex and interesting story that give us an important message relevant to our past, present and future. The lore, the characters, everything, has evolved overtime, and its different plot lines, characters, music, scenes, everything has become memorable for a huge generation. Attack on Titan's ending it the equivalent of some of the entertainment's biggest events in story telling for the Anime community. This is the climax of the story spanning over a decade to finish, ...
I felt compelled to share my thoughts on 'C Danchi,' an anime that has garnered its fair share of criticism. While I'm not typically one to write reviews, I couldn't resist expressing my fascination with the unique lovecraftian world crafted within this series.. . What struck me most was the inventive fusion of Lovecraftian horror with Japanese cultural elements—a blend that proved to be both captivating and refreshingly original. While the execution may have left something to be desired at times, particularly in terms of animation quality, I found myself drawn to the richly textured themes of cultism and cosmic horror that permeated the storyline.. . Despite its brevity ...
I quickly feel in love with this series, it's so funny, sweet and lighthearted! It is definitely worth a watch if you need a cute and funny pick me up from a bad day! It made me quickly pick up the manga (Which I am enjoying immensely) and it's great too.. The MC are so adorable together and the side characters are quirky and funny. Don't take it too seriously, sit back, relax and enjoy!. The art style is great and matches the manga a lot (Not sure about the LN). I think anyone who likes rom-com will enjoy this show, it's just too cute and pure!
Fuck*** masterpiecie, since first episode i knew that will be good anime.. . Story is incredible, you can't predict anything, it is non ending suprise to you, graphic is very good, humor is also nothing to worry about. Characters is just like real people, romance simply explodes in this production, I can't blame it for anything. Great idea was to add openings which also tell a little bit of story, you know not always the same but it changes with every episode and there is only one disadvantage, in season two is one repeated opening but I personally think that this isn't bad thing :).. What can i ...
I'm confused about what to type, I'm not good at commenting. if you are a fan of supernatural genre but want a light story, then I recommend this!! :D Actually I hope there will be more cases discussed in season 2, but this is already good, there is character development too, New cases, new characters too. In this season I like the story case with Yuki-Onna. the music is quite calming. for art style, it's quite good like season 1. Even though it's a supernatural anime, this anime also has a subtle romance which I think is quite cute! I like this
I like this because the romantic story between Fuyutsuki and Himuro which is not rushed but is able to make the audience, especially me, flutter when they see them, I really like them both T-T Don't forget that the story of the side characters is no less interesting, I like them all.. The story is also light and sometimes there are some character moments like when Himuro was shy about Fuyutsuki and caused snow to suddenly come which I thought was funny >_< I'm quite interested in stories that contain mythological themes like this. I really hope there will be a season 2!! I want ...
I wasn't really looking to watch this anime, but I got dragged in to seeing a bunch of denji as the chainsaw man cosplays. The character designs are really cool and unique, especially the katanaman. This anime has a bunch of interesting characters too, like makima. She's quite a mysterious character, I'm not sure how evil she could be. Denji is really badass too, quite unsympathetic but also takes himself not too serious. Also a bunch of cool fighting scenes too, especially when he saves power. Would definitely recommend and im looking forward to a second season. 8/10 for me!
When you think about an 3d donghua you don't expect that it is going to have this level of quality. About the story we have a lot of comedy that fix in a lot on the show and characters with a lot of charisma that makes the spectator engage with the show. The only negative point is that in some scenes it looks like the characters are moving pngs. However, the donghua has a lot of fighting scenes that are very well animated.. . It's so difficult to find a donghua that can be at the same level of relevant animes, so i'm so glad to ...
Well bruv...where do I start?. First of all I would like to say that this movie opened some old emotions that I thought I've lost to time. Those who lived through that moment in life, that's shown in this movie will understant what I've said here...especially near the end of the movie...those who don't understand. Your eyes need watering now a days bruv or you'll go blind...at least thats what old folks say.. . The character build in 2h script was a bit fastpaced in the begining, but as time progressed it slowed down.. . Animation works are pritty well done, the team did a great job, to me it ...
Your lie in April is an anime that is not to be missed and captures the emotions of the characters in such a way that we feel the emotions as if it was our own.. . For people who are thinking of whether they should watch it, remember:. 1. You will remember this anime for the eternity of your life. 2. Upon completion - you will unlock a new side to life. 3. There is no going back after completion. . The art style is truly wonderful helping to boost the emotions of the characters and the message of the anime.. . The characters are all essential to the MCs character development ...
Personally, it took a while to really get into this anime for many of the reasons cited in other "mixed" or "negative reviews". I really started to enjoy the series around episode 9, primarily due to the interesting mechanics around devils and their contracts, as well as the awesome devil designs and their unique traits. The characters are relatively stale and the plot isn't exactly revolutionary, but I think the world building makes up for it.. . As stated, the devil contracts are one of the coolest things about this anime. The fact that there are so many varieties of devils and different powers that they can ...
This Anime is a true hero in terms of Animation, I've never seen more 3D animations in combination with 2D before, you could also say it's made by Pixars and Disney together. Also the start of this 1 episode Anime is very exciting, I started to love the earth way more than ever before and was able to see it now from a perspective I've never seen in my life.. It's also amazing if you like to think alot about the story, if you're someone who can talk for years about every small thing like your last time on toilet, which probably happend during this episode ...
The final episode of the series was a fitting conclusion to the epic story that has captivated audiences around the world. The ending of the series has been praised by many fans (including myself) and critics alike for its emotional depth and stunning visuals. The finale was a beautiful and great conclusion to an amazing series that lasted for 10 years. What an amazing journey.. . I would like to take this opportunity to thank Hajime Isayama for creating such a wonderful work of fiction. Studio WIT and MAPPA for adapting it in the best way possible. Their vision and creativity have inspired millions of people around ...
Story: 9/10 (Cloverworks). Visual: 8/10 (Square Enix). Detailed: 9/10. Hobbyist: 8/10. Characters: 8/10. Emotions: 7/10. Smoothness: 10/10. OP/ED: 6/10. Originals: 8/10. . ...
Lately there aren't many fantasy romance anime that really interest me, I think romance fantasy stories these days are very predictable, mostly it's just the looks that are good, not the story, like sometimes ml/fl forget their goal and instead create a harem, mc who has been overpowered since childhood or something like that. it really bored me. But Sugar Apple Fairy Tale is different! I really like this, I'm at a loss to express it in words, I like the story and the music which is relaxing and calming. Obviously, I recommend it!!! I really hope there will be a season 2 >w<
Short review :. . Music: Great. Art: good / very good (depends to which anime you compare). characters: very good. story: good. Filler: None ( I think ). enjoyment: somewhere between a 9 and 10 depending on the episode. . After you finish Oshi no Ko, you need to watch and listen to the full song idol from the anime. You will see some things that you didn't when you watched the anime.. ...
Just give episodes 1-3 a watch, it's really worth it. The main character has limited abilities in certain fields, but the supporting character fills in the gaps. The story is unique and not easily predictable. The art style of the anime, created by Mad House, is amazing. The characters are not perfectly rounded, but they have their strengths. Ainz, the main character, may not be the brightest, but he is smart and strong in certain areas. The characters stay true to their personalities, but there is still room for development and growth, which makes it interesting. I think you'll enjoy it once you watch episodes ...
One of the best anime about friendship. Slice of life high school romance is about as rote and staged for mediocrity as a genre can be, but every now and then, there's something that isn't just a vehicle for cuteness, gags, ecchi nonsense, or the basest impulses of viewers.. . Skip to Loafer works. The main character is amazing for this kind of anime in that she's direct but not rude, goofy and silly but realistic, personable and weird but not a social extreme, with a unique background and motivation. The supporting cast fills it in with living, rounded characters who have goals, indecision, and flaws. ...
In the realm of anime, where mecha battles, emotional turmoil, and coming-of-age narratives intertwine, Darling in the Franxx stands as a captivating masterpiece, a testament to the power of storytelling and the depths of human emotions.. . Set in a dystopian future, where humanity has retreated to massive mobile plantations called Gardens, children are raised and groomed to pilot Franxx, giant robots designed to combat mysterious Klaxosaurs, monstrous creatures that threaten the existence of humanity. Hiro, a timid and inexperienced pilot, finds his life transformed when he meets Zero Two, a mysterious and enigmatic partner with exceptional piloting skills and a captivating presence.. . The storyline of Darling in ...
Azumanga Daioh is a really funny show where nothing happens. Surprisingly, the show becomes even more enjoyable if you have a penchant for seeing the adorable Chiyo-chan in hilarious and sometimes absurd situations. As a viewer who appreciates the comedic value of Chiyo's suffering, this show was a blast!. . The brilliance of "Azumanga Daioh" lies in its ability to take everyday scenarios and turn them into a home run of comedy. Chiyo's struggles with her child prodigy status and her attempts to fit in with her high school peers are a constant source of amusement, as is her constant suffering. Whether it's her constant reminders of ...
This review is my opinion of the entire story of Attack on titan. Attack on titan is the type of story that at first glance can look like some stupid garbage, and you might not watch it because of that, but everything deserves a chance. I at first thought it looked stupid but it truly was not, The art style is always fitting to the story it has the best plot twists you have ever dreamed of and is the most unique story out there, At the time the manga started coming out there was nothing ells like attack on titan. Oh and om when ...
I love this story so much that I can't express it in words >w<. Lately there aren't many fantasy romance anime that really interest me, I think romance fantasy stories these days are very predictable, mostly it's just the looks that are good, not the story, like sometimes ml/fl forget their goal and instead create a harem, mc who has been overpowered since childhood or something like that. it really bored me. But Sugar Apple Fairy Tale is different!. I found this story while going through my fyp tiktok, and ended up really liking it. The story makes me relax, I also like listening to the ...
I'm a huge fan of this one specifically the dub. I found it right after My First Girlfriend is a Gal. Had a colorful cast of characters. Akane is my personal favorite Voiced by the talented Amber Lee Connors who also voices Pieck from AOT and Mei Mei from JJK. Guri is also great voiced by Jad Saxton also known as Sena from Haganai. I found Yuzu the lesbian a little annoying but she has her moments voiced by the Goat Monica Rial. The story is basically a parody of Death Note which is funny. The soundtrack is great, and the opening slaps. If you ...
Houseki no Kuni is an anime that has an incredible production, beautifully animated, beautiful use of CGI, used in a story that this certain CGI belongs. It is an enjoyable ride for what it is. It has an intriguing world, and story. However, this is one series I have a huge problem with being only 12 episodes. With such an intriguing world and story, you can't short sell your beautiful work of art. With such high-level animation, and beautiful soundtrack, it is unfortunate this didn't get 24 or 26 episodes. There is so much more to this story, but ...
Honestly, I was kind of skeptical coming from the second season. I was fearful S3 would suffer from the same dreadful pacing and voice acting hiccups and that it would be just as stale and lifeless. Mind you, at the time S2 was to start, expectations were sky-high for what S2 had to offer after that incredible first season, and everything came crashing down.... . All I got to say is that all my fears eroded away with the initial scenes of the first episode, and that binge-watching it to put up to date has been a breeze. Everything feels... how it should, simply, simply right.. . We'll ...
This movie is good has simple like that, people for the most when i comes on shonen anime movies dont care and give enought credit to them for reasons like they are not canon completly or desviate for the most part of the main story series (coming with that there is nothing wrong with an independent movie that takes his liberties even when is not fully truthful to the original material when its done well) which wasnt the case on this instance with just the first couple of minutes giving us more than enough information to know where in time ubicates the events that take ...
I feel some of the other reviews say it all too well, but what makes this a masterpiece in my opinion is that it absolutely captivates the sense of time of Fireren the titular main character, and how grand her lifespan is. Entire stories and experiences, entire lifetimes of people she's met are spoken of as if they were a brief scene like depicted in these flashbacks. The series does this brilliantly I feel. It wants us to focus on her journey of where she's going now, why, and who she is now rather than dwell too much in the past but to understand that ...
This anime has everything: it's sweet and dramatic, it makes you laugh and then cry, it's innovative and captivating.. The art style is amazing, rich of details and full of vivid colors. And the story is so good, often unexpected and never boring, and what makes everything better is the great choice of characters. A group of con artists that swindle and steal only from the worst species of criminals, each of them has its own story portraited like an independent movie, a small piece of poetry in each arc. And cherry on top, every now and then you can find enjoyable quotes and references scattered ...
Remember when you were younger and discovered that anime was much more than just Pokemon, didn't even realize YU GI OH was 'anime' and couldn't even grasp the hidden media form? Later, watching GUNDAM SEED and Inuyasha on Toonami - you weren't really 'there yet' as understanding how large the medium was. When AOT ended I was seeing a lot of familiar behaviors that I exhibited when I started to get into anime, one being 'anime depression'. When you're new to anime and a series you like ends and there's nothing more to come of it, it can leave you with feelings of distress because ...
If you are looking only for romance be prepared to be disappointed. Its not your typical romantic historic anime but it is worth watching.. I am really glad to see the main female protagonist show so much strenght and wisdom troughout the episodes. I really like her powers and how she manages to maintain herselft as an independent character even if she has some weak moments, it makes her more natural.. Love this type of each story episode and it was nice seeing such great animations moments and how they manage so create some beautiful scenes. F. For 13 episodes its an easy going but enchanting anime to ...
Oh Grand Temple of Time: The Simulation Man who in here epic is amazing, starting right after we start to read it and the epic battle after battle with these legends, which are followed by wonderful moments for our heart.. . It is a multi layered and lofty story that is well made. All the main parts are cleverly tied up. The characters are well developed, pleasant to see and their relationships seem true to life and interesting.. . The strongest aspect of the movie is its power. Hope, friendships, and love overcoming obstacles—this is the story it tells. Without doubt, it will move the viewers up.. . Overall, Fate/Grand Order: ...
It's been 3 years since I last wrote up a review.. . Frieren is a slow burner. But hits so, so, good. After watching episode 10 it concludes it. Anime of the Year. I have no doubts. This is the only anime this season that I feel is worth reviewing or taking the time to write up a review about it. Being available on YouTube as well is a big plus. I look forward to every Friday/Saturday for new episodes.. . When I'm watching it's like a breath of fresh air, I can smell it and it just feels so refreshing. The music ESPECIALLY the Ending Song ...
Story 9/10. The story of Kimi to Boku no Saigo no Senjou is full of coincidences and twists, but it is also incredibly well-written and engaging. The characters are complex and believable, and the world-building is top-notch. The romance between Iska and Aliceliese is also very well-developed and believable.. . Animation 6/10. The animation in Kimi to Boku no Saigo no Senjou is average at best. The character designs are good, and the animation is fluid, but the special effects are often quite bad. This is especially noticeable in the battle scenes, which can be quite difficult to follow at times.. . Characters 7/10. The main characters in Kimi to Boku no ...
On the positive side of things, this is one of those sequels viewers don't need to see the prequel material to get. On the not-so-positive side, the show may leave viewers actually wanting to check out the prequel material, which may not be something viewers may have access to. Akuma-kun is certainly a long waited delight for those who are into the older series, perhaps even more eclectic styles of Anime/Manga, albeit this isn't a reboot let alone an older Anime finally getting a dub.. . Of course, Akuma-kun is difficult to explain, beyond the fact it is of the supernatural mystery genre which can in itself ...
Do not let the scores deceive you, watch it for yourself, heck just listen to its OST. Do anything else, the experience is everything. You are an individual, but that means that those around you will do their best to reach you with thier songs.. . This series holds a very special place in my heart, as not only was it basically my first hyper-obsession back in middle school, it also was the very first anime i went out of my way to watch on my own. This is also the show that brought Nana Mizuki to my attention, and many of her songs on this show ...
Ichiro Okouchi does it again with a compelling masterpiece that appeals to younger generations while still fulfilling longtime Gundam fans' desires.. . With each episode, the plot deviated further and further from my predictions and expectations of typical cliche anime tropes. Instead, every episode presented something new and exciting, bold and unique, different from the norms of your typical anime.. . Witch from Mercury has stunning animation and visuals, with such memorable characters and amazing mech designs. I guarantee you won't be bored.. . (The pacing is rushed at the end, but blame that on Sunrise studio and Bandai for not giving Ichiro Okouchi enough episodes to work with.)
Just finished watching the limited run in US theaters (Nov 9th) in Japanese with English subtitles. I went into the movie without any expectations and really enjoyed it! The movie is VERY story driven which may not be everyone's thing - but as an adult that grew up with the franchise I really enjoyed it. The new character has a very dark backstory, and while it initially comes off as 'dark'/'edgy,' I really enjoyed it as the movie continued/they fleshed out his character more and more. The animation style is modern and high quality - it was great to see the 02 gang older and ...
Dragon Ball Z is great when it wants to be, sporting some of most hype moments in anime. There are some fillers, and the fights are prolonged. In the end though, the prolonged fights and filler don't drag the series down. This was a treat to come home to every weekday after classes and helped spur my interest in anime. This is one of the only anime I've seen dubbed, and subbed, and I can attest that both versions are done well.. . Animation 7/10. - Fight scenes are awesome, but beyond that it's not the greatest, perhaps has aged badly too.. Sound 10/10. - ...
It pains my heart to see the low ratings this has, perhaps partly because of first impressions like the cgi or children's cartoon-y style, since this is one of my favourite this season* and the one I look forward the most to every week.. . in one word it's fun. definitely enjoyable for a fan of the battle royale genre like me. but the most important point to me in a show is the characters (the psychology, the dynamics, etc), and I love them here, they all are very endearing and feel real. the protagonist included! instead of being a boring surrogate for the audience, he actually ...
I love everything that has to do with zombies. I watched the korean show 'kingdom' day one I play just about any zombie game you can imagen, hell my first ever anime that got me into anime is High school of the dead. So to say I was hyped for this anime when I first read about it is an understatement. And boy did it not disappoint from the writing to the art it's all just amazing(except for the schedules they made xd). From the colorfoul blood to the comedic/serieus writing its amazing. The character design and development so far is a 10/10. Can't ...
Tensura or that time I got reincarnated as a slime is an isekai. It starts off wholesome and quickly becomes... less wholesome.. Rimuru is an mc that just brings people to love him. Plus he's overpowered as fuck? Is there an isekai fan out there that doesnt love op protagonists...? probably but we don't talk about them. I'm not gonna leave some super long review about why you should watch this. Just know that it has some amazing world building, likeable characters, goblins that are not like the ones from goblin slayer and good animation. Plus the sounds and music are also very good. If you ...
All these people giving bad reviews are people who have gotten so used to trashy isekai that they can't differentiate between good and bad isekai anymore. Eminence in shadow is easily one of if not the best isekai to have come out recently. I'm excluding slime, re:zero, mushoku tensei and konosuba from this obviously but this shit is actually so funny. If you found konosuba funny there is no way in hell you'd dislike the eminience in shadow. Sure it's cringy, but the cringe is followed by such amazing scenes that the cringe does a full 180 and becomes cool as fuck.. . The mc has ...
I know there is a lot of people saying that this series has no plot, but really the plot is a laidback trip through a new world with funny scenarios and great "friends". I loved that the series is focused on the traveling, the MC relationship with his familiars and the intro of yummy food. You might gain some weight for sure!!! I felt hungry after each episode!. . It is a low angst laidback series, so if you are looking for tons of friction and fighting for "power", this is not the series for you. So far the anime follows the manga version of the ...
RE: Creators is a beautiful looking, amazing sounding, battle filled love letter to all the creators out there. Whether you're a manga or anime artist, writer or illustrator, this story is for you.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 9/10. -----------------------------------------------. . The show looks absolutely great. Super clean art with cool designs. Top notch animations and visual effects. Battle scenes really take your breath away.. . . Sound / Music / Voice Acting - 9/10. ...
Bypassing the intricate plot details, let me highlight what appealed to me in this anime. If you're a fan of mystery, thriller, and psychological genres, it's worth checking out. The anime kicks off with a powerful start, although it encounters a temporary slowdown after episode 5. This momentum is effectively regained towards the conclusion of the series. However, the overarching story and subtle clues remained engaging, prompting me to reconsider earlier episodes, which little anime are able to do. The combination of pacing, hints, music, animation, the conclusion, and the central character, along with the unique focus on escape rooms, makes it a compelling watch. ...
IT'S SO FUN, like, I laughed in every episode without exception. Unlike the first part, this season is not so focused on romance, and opens up more to other characters. I loved how the main group was developed to the point where it was impossible not to like everyone. It's super light, and even with some jokes that perhaps the most annoying ones won't like, it's totally worth it. The animation is beautiful, and the soundtrack really pleased me!! There are several cores that have been developed very well. I think everyone who gives it a chance will definitely like it ♡
Absolute banger status anime. It has it all: the intricate plotline, deep and memorable characters, sad moments, funny moments, badass dinosaur fight scenes. The story follows Max, a troubled young man trying to fit in with society, just like we all are. On a fateful day he meets his steed, a triceratops named Chomp. Along with his 2 friends: Zoe and Rex, and their respective partners: Paris and Ace (A pararaurolophus and a carnotaurus), they set out on a journey to capture all of the dinosaurs that have been misplaced in modern time. This journey would not be an easy one, as they would be ...
Thou never believed it would ever end, but now as it did, only so much left to say.... . The tears, the anger, the pain, the sadness, the happiness, the laughter, we lived through it all, through all their memories. This is not just a story but a life lesson that we can take. Thank you Isayama-san for all the feelings you've given us. A part of us would want to scream and yell for a better outcome, for a better ending...but we see that we must take these choices as simply what was needed to move on towards a different purpose, one far from what we ...
Fugou Keiji was entertaining to watch, and I believe it's an easy recommend for anyone searching for a detective/police anime.. . This review won't contain any spoiler, I'll try to describe the strengths and the weaknesses of this show.. . Strengths :. . - The pace was done right. I've seen some reviews that complain about the show being rushed, but I don't think it's fair at all. Every episode has a point, and we can praise this show for giving us a complete story in the span of 11 episodes. Now, it's true that this is a "short" anime, and since the alchemy betweeen characters work, it's understandable ...
Beelzebub is a situational comedy anime. It's strong point is its straight-faced silliness and, imo, the cuteness of the main character, Baby Beel. If you come in expecting a grand journey or a serious anime, you will be disappointed.. . This may be a personal thing, but I think the original voice acting work for Baby Beel is adorably hilarious, and definitely adds to my rating. If they use different audio for Baby Beel in dubbed versions of the show, then I implore you to watch the subbed version. (always, but especially in this case). . There are a couple things ...
I would definitely recommend Zom 100! It is fun. Not serious. And full of whimsy. Don't expect anything heavy and dark. It is colorful and funny!. . I think it is a fun, non-serious take on a zombie apocalypse. A man who takes advantage of the situation in order to live his life freely, completing a bucket list of things that he has always wanted to do now that he is free from work! I have seen people say Akira takes pleasure in the fact that others are suffering and make him out to be this horrible person, when that's not the case. Throughout the series, Akira ...
I can see why many animes were inspired by this great anime.. . A classic run that probably inspired many other mangakas or anime creators, especially Bleach and Naruto. Some characters’ designs, personalities and writings almost resemble characters from Naruto. Meanwhile, the storyline heavily reminded me of the bleach. Season 3 of this anime, reminded me of Bleach’s season 16 (the lost agent arc) as well as seasons 4&5 (Bount arc). The power of friendship and emotions also reminded me of One Piece and Fairy Tail.. . Love the animation style. Great storyline but the progression was a bit boring sometimes. The mood setup was not strong enough for ...
Tomo-chan wa Onnanoko! is a slice-of-life comedy anime that follows the misadventures of Tomo Aizawa, a loud, obsessive, and overly tsundere teenage girl. Tomo is obsessed with her childhood friend, Jun Katagiri, and goes to great lengths to get his attention, even though he is completely oblivious to her feelings.. . One of the things that makes Tomo-chan wa Onnanoko! so enjoyable is its main protagonist. Tomo is a complex and well-developed character. She is loud and obnoxious, but she also has a soft side that she rarely shows. Tomo is also incredibly loyal to her friends and family, and she would do anything for them.. . Another thing ...
"NO SPOILER". . Basically the story is about a female MC who got killed by accident and gets reincarnated into Another World with the Op skill "create potions" and how she used this skilled to live and survive daily in this new world.. . Pretty generic huh?. . If you have read the synopsis you would've known that already, so you can ignore that lil info up top.. . Generic intro aside.. So far it's ok, I actually look forward to watching it every week. I'm currently 5 episode in and it reminds me of the anime "Saving 80,000 Gold in Another World for My Retirement". ...
Disclaimer: I have played the visual novel (VN) of the games so my review is based on how the anime compares to the VN. I still recommend watching the anime (for sure if you have watched the previous Utawarerumono seasons) but take this as something to keep in mind when watching the anime.. . Overall: The anime adapted the VN quite well! Not in the sense of accuracy, but in the sense of storytelling. The VN has a playtime of (about) 60 hours (or more) and the anime did a very good job of telling the same story with the changes that were made. As such I ...
My Home Hero is a suspense/thriller anime, offering a narrative that may stretch belief but keeps you hooked with its impeccable pacing and storytelling. While the plot is straightforward, unexpected twists ensure a consistently enjoyable viewing experience. And just when you think it's reached its climax, a new challenge emerges, adding another layer to the suspense. The well-crafted pacing is a standout feature, cleverly concluding each episode with a cliffhanger that leaves viewers eager for the next installment. However, not all characters shine equally; aside from the main duo, others may come off as underdeveloped. Additionally, some character decisions might leave you scratching your head ...
"Spy x Family" is an anime that's not just an espionage thriller; it's a rollercoaster of emotions wrapped in a cloak-and-dagger world. Set in a society where espionage is the norm, the story follows Twilight, a spy tasked with infiltrating an elite school. The catch? He needs a family to pull it off. The ingenious twist? He unwittingly marries an assassin and adopts a telepathic girl. The resulting dynamics yield a blend of action, humor, and heartfelt moments that elevate the anime beyond typical spy fare. With crisp animation and well-paced storytelling, "Spy x Family" keeps you on the edge, skillfully balancing suspense with genuine, ...
This is my first time writing a review before finishing a series but I felt like giving some input. This series is far from being perfect but it still managed to become one of my favorite animes with a couple of episodes. Does it something new? Maybe. Or maybe not. We will see. (Warning! This review contains mild spoilers!).. . Story 7/10. Detective animes are nothing new, neither is the concept of seemingly impossible/complicated crimes with lots of tricks and moments that make you wonder: “Does it really work like this?” If your are looking for pure logic in this you won’t be finding it because ...
Attack on Titan was regarded by many as one of the greatest Shonen of all time that went above and beyond to captivate its audience from the typical norms of Shonen. Since I've seen the ending in the anime, I could only have come to the conclusion that Attack on Titan was always written to be a comedy. Whether it was the hysterical character arc conclusions that had me laughing out loud, or plot devices introduced at the final stretch that made absolutely no sense and arrived only to create more plot holes. It's masterful how many years of good story telling was employed to ...
This will go over the last arc of the show.. . What did people expect, really? Too many expectations from season 1 of the show, over a decade ago chain the admittedly--not the greatest finale--but a suitable one.. . First off is the character development. Everyone is divided on "uh oh, people join avengers alliance for no reason." Well, what did you want the story to happen? Spend hundreds of chapters going through the monologue of every character, main and side? The fact that the story focuses on third person narration and minimal monologue tells you the direction that it's trying to go. Figure it out yourselves! It's not ...
"Now that does it," I thought to myself after the credits rolled in at the end of the 5th episode. As a total sucker of the 'ugly duckling turned beautiful swan' storyline, I knew I got hooked the moment our female protagonist Maomao got a "makeover" (or should I say, the lack thereof) leaving the bishounen "eunuch" absolutely speechless at her transformation. Think Skip Beat where Kyoko stunned Sho with her get-up at the Prisoner PV set, yeah that sure brought back memories...an anime from over a decade ago *gasp*...I am old school, what can I say.. . The premise of the anime is interesting in that ...
Rating: 8/10. . This is really good. Imagine a combination of Harry Potter, Iruma-kun and One-Punch man and you get something like Mashle. The gag is repeated often, but never gets tiring. Some of the fights are very nicely choreographed, like the one against the second fang. The animation quality in general is fairly good, though the character designs are a bit generic. The music is also surprisingly good. When Mash begins to fight, there is this sort of rap music that is played that works really well for the scene.. . Now for the bad: This anime does a poor job with its female characters; to the ...
Probably the strongest entry when it comes to individual fights and really digging into strategy, this was mostly a showcase of that CGI animation for its fight scenes and it certainly stacks up against the best of the previous two parts. If it wasn't for the somewhat confusing revelations at the end of this part, as well as the coup attempt taking up a couple of episodes and largely grinding the best of the action to a halt, this would rate higher. It certainly provides more interesting perspective on Ohma's background, how it relates to him now, and hints at a much larger plot that ...
An improvement over Part I in that it contains more effort to really flesh out at least a couple of the main characters and their motivations as well as a diverse and interesting array of fights without feeling like most were just pushovers. There are still some of those in the mix, and some fights certainly feel like they matter more while others feel kind of dispensable, but it still works, with even some of the "easy" fights ending in spectacular fashion. The animation of the fights is still very strong, but background characters largely get copy-pasted and there's still a pronounced weird effect on ...
This series hasn't taken any big swings yet, but it's a fun ride complimented by some excellent CGI animation to really make its fight scenes pop. I don't think the visuals work as well when they're not in motion, and some of the character designs look better in 2D, but I can't argue with their choice to go this way for the anime. It just makes it stronger. That being said, there's not a whole lot of buy-in to the characters yet, and though the tournament is moving by quickly (an improvement over many of similar anime like Baki, IMO, as is the wide diversity ...
The following review is limited to the Love Triangle characters and how the two main characters made me reflect on my past life decisions. To elaborate how inviting the music and nostalgic the setting is, how realistic the problems and funny the characters are, would be too much. Therefore, I'd like to summarize, that at the end of the series you will feel that you've been part of this world and it's sad that the curtain has now fallen.. . [INTRO]. . Japan in the 1980s had high expectations of young men growing up and looking for their place in society. Young adults had to deal with less job ...
lovely watch so far! no complains. though two points that I noticed. . one: his solutions are lovely and idealistic with a "everyone has happy ending" which is soothing, though to be fair the little (non-existent) amount of resentments I find left in previous victims and current winners is a little too unrealistic and a tad too hard to believe. but also, it is fiction and that is fine. . two: the character designs before their 'evolution' are so good and diverse. only to turn more 'human' in their appearance which is a real shame! I really loved the ogres and Lizardmans before their evolutions... too bad.. it just ...
This is for both parts of 86. War with huge robots and racism , an anime classic. Only realised that it was a sob story a few episodes in of Season 1 , but because it used very good and interesting ideas at the start, confused me into thinking it was trying to be something more meaningful. The ideas used were good but just barely touched upon, mostly used to create a convincing world. Emotional scenes had some breathtaking directing reminiscent of a music video—movement synchronous to the music, symbolism to convey emotion, the timing when the music comes in. This is probably the only ...
Regarding its central theme, the anime addresses the philosophy of objective morals. It is important to note that, in one of the first episodes of the first season, there is a long philosophical dialogue between Lelouch and Suzaku. Dialogue which highlights Machiavelli's ideas, summarized by the phrase "the ends justify the means". Therefore, the anime could not be more explicit about its themes. Understanding what he wants to talk about, to demonstrate his point as much as possible, the method he uses is the elimination of lives. Therefore, the anime makes the characters kill their people, their allies, their friends, their families, millions of people ...
I tend not to bother writing reviews, but I'm deciding to rn cause why not. . Ochibi-san is a wholesome anime that follows a character on short slice-of-life "adventures"! I appreciate the animation style and the combination of different textures used throughout the scenes. Despite being released in 2023, the anime gives me nostalgic vibes similar to older animes and cartoons I've seen before. (Manga came out in 2007/2008) The simplicity of the backgrounds, props, and effects adds to the cozy atmosphere while watching.. . When comparing the manga to the anime, I wish there were a bit more decorative and visual effects in the animation. The soundtrack is ...
This episode is a light-hearted filler for the rest of the series. It is a temporary charming and fun change from the usual tone in the series, that is much needed.. . Indeed, you should (if you could) watch ONLY just after episode 13 : Before it will spoil you, and after it will be too outdated for the scenario. There is little character development but it's nice and laid-back and can perfectly fit in the rest of the series (but only at this particular point !). . The art is identical to the rest and the story doesn't break the bigger scenario. There are references to the ...
There aren´t many other anime out there that emulate Western action cinema. Black Lagoon in that case isn´t only a niche in itself but extremely good in what it does. That action looks snappy, the characters are fun and the female characters feel more interesting than most of what Disney has done with them in the last decade.. Balalaika, Revy, or Roberta just ooze danger and intrigue. As anime for me at least often has a problem when it comes to female representation I think giving Black Lagoon its laurels for their representation is well deserved. But there is so much more to enjoy. Black ...
Personally, I think this is a great anime with an amazing story and it contains some funny humor in the right places, I personally love the way the setting of this anime is set and the coloring of it makes it feel enjoyable to watch! Also, the animation is very well produced, although there are times where the CGI is obvious, it still looks all right. The characters in this anime have amazing characteristics and it's amazing to see how they all grow and learn from their actions; the character development is well done! Although some characters could do with a little more flare and ...
First thing first. I love resident evil. Some of the scenes remind me of some of the previous Resident Evil games. (Nomally, i always wanna know about resident evil game. Even in anime version. Or in movie version). . Apart from that, I can see a lot of action, tension, emotional and also GORE being shown.. I also saw unexpected moments in several scenes.. . The visuals are also epic. The story is also epic.. . As a writer, I didn't expect to see a very epic and fiery Resident Evil like this. I like it very much. I'm very grateful to be able to watch Resident Evil. This movie ...
I didn't think that I would be able to see the anime version of Onimusha (netflix). I've played the game Onimusha - demon siege, so... I'm quite familiar with it.. . . The storyline may be different, but the results are really good. Moreover, Gore is also good. Fighting. Mystery. Moreover, the plot twist is interesting.. . . Each character seems to have its own impression, but I can understand it.. . After all... while watching this, I'm probably quite familiar with other anime that I like.. . Hopefully there is a game that can be adapted as cool as Onimusha. But I know, it won't be easy.
I am happy with his current progress, I think the fiction he is trying to establish is good. Even though I don't like OP characters very much, it suits this character very well. He is a teenage character but he makes you watch. Their self-serving behavior creates a butterfly effect and a different course of events emerges, albeit unintentionally.. It's like playing an RPG game :) Some people may not like this.. They may find it particularly dry and noisy. I can say that it is an anime that fits the definition of tastes and colors.. Are there any errors?. That's why I gave it ...
Are a gamer or like gaming?. Do you like World of Warcraft or similar Open world RPG?. Are are struggling with real life?. Do you often escape into the gaming world to avoid real life ?. Are you having issues with family or people in general in real life ?. . If you are any of these, you will feel related and connected to this anime.. The Anime following a teenage boy, who is the "black sheep" of the family. He is a gamer, no job, no proper education, and doesn't do anything else than sitting in his room gaming with VR, trying to escape the real world ...
Hensuki: A Hilarious Subversion of Expectations. . In the vast realm of anime, where tropes and clichés often dominate the landscape, Hensuki: Are you willing to Fall in Love with a Pervert, as long as she's a Cutie? emerges as a refreshing and uproarious subversion of the typical harem anime formula. With its endearing characters, unexpected plot twists, and top-notch animation, Hensuki is a must-watch for anime enthusiasts seeking a lighthearted and comedic escape.. . _________________________________________. An Intro Video and Song that Sets the Tone. . From the very first notes of its opening theme song, Hensuki immediately captures the viewer's attention and sets the stage for the hilarious adventures that lie ...
Part of my "Rewatch all the Manga Entertainment UK we used to have on VHS", watching them in chronological order.. . . . Art - Beautiful high quality 80s anime. You can see the budget on screen. This type of stuff is why so many people complain about CGI. The characters are distinct enough to easily recognise who is who. The various space vessels are beautifully designed - think Ulysses 31.. . Story - SUBS NOT DUBS. Yeah, 100% with this one... this is early days, when the dubs were generally low quality translations and low to ok quality performances. Have you got the right version? Is it 2h+, then yes.. . The ...
Immediately off the back of watching Monster, Pluto landed.. . So what's good about this? EVERYTHING, AGAIN.. Following a similar approach to Monster - it's clever. Naoki Urasawa has put the effort in to ensure the respect to one of his childhood heroes.. . The Director Toshio Kawaguchi follows suit from the Monster adaptation by not messing with the story and cleanly adapting it. Bravo! If only stupid US writers could understand this. (Well... One Piece adaptation was pretty good so there's hope!). . Art - Good CGI! Again lifted straight from the manga.. The clever adaptation from the original Astro Boy models to the more life like approach of ...
Why has it taken me so long to get to this?. Seventy Four episodes.. After Naruto, Bleach, and attempting One Piece and getting about 70 episodes in and having had about 1 hour worth of actual content, anything else this long was looking ropey. But then I watched MSG 79 and Zeta, 100 episodes worth with very little filler, restoring faith in the longer form series.. . So what's good about this? EVERYTHING.. Imagine if Broadchurch or early GoT quality of writing, but even better .. This is my new standard for ALL media - it can be done.... . Respect must be paid to Masayuki Kojima, the director. ...
The new Digimon Adventure anime is amazing and the storytelling takes this series in a different direction while you can clearly see that the characters are based on the older versions of themselves this Digimon series is practically its own show rather than a reboot. So people can still go back and watch the old anime series if they prefer that one compared to this.. . I loved everything from the Art & animation, storytelling, music & soundtracks, and the new version of the characters!. . while bringing a hint of nostalgia this version of the Digimon Adventure series is completely fresh. This is without a doubt one ...
Short review.. Music - 9/10. Story - 10/10. Characters - 9/10. Setting - 10/10. Overall - 9/10. . Great anime. It starts off as a mystery/supernatural that turns more into a myster/supernatural/action/mild romance. Shinpei, Ushio and Mio are GREAT characters and their dynamics are a lot of fun to see. Sou and Tokiko are side characters that I think were done almost perfectly, they added on to the main cast just the right amount so it wasn't overpowering. The antagonists of the show were a tiny bit cliche and could have been a bit more defined but it fit the show for what they were and how the show was. The ...
Anya's Expressive Face. . One of the most notable aspects of Spy x Family is the expressive face of Anya, the adopted child. Anya is a telepath who can read people's minds, but she often chooses to remain silent and observe the world around her. Her blank stare and deadpan expressions are a source of constant amusement for the viewers. However, Anya is also capable of a wide range of emotions, from joy to sadness to anger. Her expressive face is one of the things that makes her so endearing.. . With Fiona toward Loid, Yor and Anya will Bring Laughter to the Audience. . Loid, the spy, is a stoic ...
I'm a tad surprised with how little tract this show has gotten. Part One went under the radar throughout it's airing and even once it finished, I still thought not many people were talking about it. Now here we are with Part Two not long after Part One, and it's the same feeling.. . I personally had no idea that this show was from the creator of Durarara and Baccano until about half way through Part 2. I could definitely relate it to those series, even mentioning them in episode discussions unironically, comparing Dead Mount Death Play to Durarara XD, without even realizing that they are ...
Oshi no Ko is a unique and controversial anime series that has been praised for its daring premise and complex characters. However, the anime has also been criticized for its confusing storyline and lack of character development.. . Rie Takahashi's Voice Acting. . One of the main reasons I watched Oshi no Ko was because of the voice acting of Rie Takahashi, who also voices Hu Tao (Genshin Impact Game) and Megumin (Konosuba Anime). Takahashi is a talented voice actress who brings a lot of energy and personality to her roles. Her voice acting is one of the highlights of the anime.. . Confusing Storyline. . The story of Oshi no Ko is ...
I'm an isekai junkie so I am also naturally going to gravitate over to the overpowered fantasy anime as well.. . Misfit of demon king academy is the typical over powered main character but better. I mean the story is by no means better than many fantasy and isekai stories. It still pulls you in with the badass op mc.. . The first season of the misfit of demon king academy was amazing (for the source) The VA for anos fit perfectly and the animation and sound quality were both very good.. . The second season was a bit of a disappointment I would say. It wasn't as big a ...
Look. The show is called Bikini Warriors. It's not like you didn't expect where the series is going. My main criticisms of the series are two-fold.. 1) The episode length: 4 minutes isn't long enough. The show is funny, the girls are sexy, and the voice acting is done by some of Japan's top talent. You will want full length episodes. Sadly, you're stuck with shorts.. 2) The series is only 12 episodes long. And... it ends on a total cliff-hanger. Would have liked to see where this goes, but sadly, doubt we ever will.. With those negatives taken into account, really thought this show did exactly what ...
I have mixed feelings on Star Wars: Visions. Some episodes were definitely better than others, with the stand outs being episodes 4 and 5. And as off-putting as the whole furry thing can be, episode eight really does stands out story-wise. Though Visions could definitely benefit from more build up towards the climax in each of its stories, especially in regards to the characters, it still manages to be a fun watch most of the time. But enough thought rambling, here’s a breakdown by episode:. . Episode 1: 7.5/10. For a one episode short, this was simple and effective. Very entertaining, but certainly not groundbreaking. A good intro ...
The pace is the key for everything. . Considering that Hellsing Ultimate is actually the second adaptation from its original source (the manga Hellsing), it were expected to be way more developed when compared to the first version. But actually, what makes the story really developed, it's how the studio was able to use the pace to tell such a long and detailed story as Hellsing. Every episode can tell a single story itself on its own arc at the same time that connects to the major plot of the anime, so it maintains the watcher paying attention even with the not usual length for animes like ...
Great Art and Storyline. . The art and storyline in Kanojo mo Kanojo Season 2 are both top-notch. The art style is bright and colorful, and the characters are all very well-designed. The storyline is full of funny and heartwarming moments, and it does a great job of portraying the complexities of being in a harem relationship.. . Best Intro and Outro Scenes. . Kanojo mo Kanojo Season 2 also has the best intro and outro scenes of any anime series that I have seen in a long time. The intro song is catchy and upbeat, and the visuals are simply stunning. The outro song is also very good, and it ...
-short spoiler free review. a great ending to one of the, if not the greatest, anime series of all time. The final episode of attack on titan stayed true to it’s realism and gave us an ending that we could have expected, but still surprised by how well it was executed. The animation, music and plot are all excellent. This ending really makes you question values and morals as you have to really think and try to understand Eren Yeager’s character to find the answers to your questions. All of my daily life worries and thoughts disappeared because of how focused i was on the plot. ...
Tonikaku Kawaii, also known as Fly Me to the Moon or Over the Moon for You, is a 2020 anime series based on the manga of the same name by Kenjiro Hata. The series follows the story of Nasa Yuzaki, a high school student who falls in love with a mysterious girl named Tsukasa Tsukuyomi on the night of his entrance exam. Tsukasa tells Nasa that she will marry him if he can prove his love for her, so Nasa spends the next five years studying and working hard in order to propose to Tsukasa.. . Great Art and Storyline. . Tonikaku Kawaii is a beautifully animated series with ...
The Eminence in Shadow is a popular isekai anime series that is known for its unique take on the genre, its over-the-top action, and its hilarious comedy. The second season of the anime has recently premiered, and it is even better than the first season in many ways.. . Improved Animation and Special Effects. . One of the most noticeable improvements in the second season is the animation and special effects. The first season was already well-animated, but the second season takes things to a new level. The action scenes are fluid and dynamic, and the special effects are simply stunning.. . Character Development. . The characters in the second season also receive ...
Not bad so far. . Overall I can say:. Character developments are huge explained and shown in this MV.. Arts improved compare to series and OVA.. Storyline improved and there's wow-factor included.. . Every characters, especially the male and female main protagonists, in these series, OVA & MV have the huge rollercoasters (up & down), especially Katao Megumi, which I acknowledge her the real female protagonist especially the finale version.. . The love sacrifices between the characters are showing great which can make the viewer teared especially those shippers... ...
Pluto is a really good anime that is a 1 to 1 adaptation (for the most part) of It's source material with all the benefits and flaws.. . This anime is as close as you get to a 10/10 but however it has some some pacing issues that make me bump this to a very respectable 8.. . It's not that it's bad the problem is that it has the exact same pacing as the manga.. When you are reading you can read at your pace but in an anime it makes the dialogue super fast or super slow in certain parts and it's not consistent at all.. . The episodes each ...
This is the essence of anime.. Labyrinth of Flames is a completely wacked out little OVA that never stops coming at you the whole way through.. Its funny, its sexy, it has unique & memorable characters, it has fantastic animation, it doesn't take itself too seriously, and it doesn't overstay it's welcome.. It doesn't have any deep lore, it doesn't have fight scenes that you'll find on anyone's Top 10 Anime Battles of All Time list, it doesn't have a touching romantic resolution between the main guy and girl, but it doesn't need any of that.. Because this anime has soul. Soul that drips from every word and frame. ...
I’m giving this a 9/10 because I think the average score should be higher than it is currently.. . For those that think the writing is “messy” and that the story lines “don’t connect”, I have to disagree with you. This story just takes a little more brain power to piece together. I personally find the complexity engaging.. . The animation is great. The cinematic fight scenes are masterful. The characters are complex as is the story. I had no idea what was happening for the first 5 episodes and I was still completely engaged. This anime unravels its story in an unusual and insightful way. The ...
It's been a 10 years of great journey. What a good f***ing ending. It was not a monotonous, boring, positive ending like other animes. I've seen that the author approached with a more realistic mindset rather than an impossible or abstract ending. It gives many feelings like despair, sadness, hope, memories, family, love and sorrow, just like in life.. . Also, the chain of hatred and what leads to the continuation of the war should make us look back at the history of the war. There are no winners in war, only victims. It also makes you look at many different perspectives, such as the fact that ...
This anime brings me joy, I think that's good enough for me to give it a review. People look for things to keep them entertained and happy, kisame kun really does do that by just existing. Bless this shark, bless their friends, and bless the ending theme song that the animators create new images for from time to time.. . Short but sweet, it's like a condensed slice of life, with all the pleasantness staying but it just being shorter. If you're sad or need some comfort, watch this cute shark as they go out into the world.. . If this show were javascript, I would write ...
My First Anime Review ever on this site and i was saving it for AOT.. This Review is going to be split into 3 Sides:. - Author/Manga Side. - Studio/Anime Side. - Personal Side. . "Author/Manga" Side | Now, when the manga freshly finished on chapter 139, i was fuming, fuming with rage and all sorts of anger issues. Just because the ending didn't go as me and along with me wanted to. I used to say this that attack on titan was well written till 138 and could've set the stage if Isayama had got his decent time to finish it up.. . Writing: Isayama is genius in "World building" ...
No idea why this has such a low score, it's a perfect adaptation of the manga. Helck is a really great seinen fantasy-action show with some great comedic elements. It takes 1-2 episodes to get properly started as the tone is a bit more silly, but once it does it has a really consistent quality with a genuinely good story. The humans are genuinely villains here and the demons aren't really Christian demons as much as just another race. It's a great one. I read this ages ago and had wanted to re-read and forgot the name. It's great being able to experience this again ...
Fate/Apocrypha offers a familiar yet engaging narrative within the Holy Grail War framework. While the history may not break new ground for Fate series enthusiasts, it maintains the series' hallmark elements. The animation stands out, showcasing the epic battles and magical elements characteristic of Fate. Characterization is a mixed bag with strong and somewhat stereotypical traits, but standout characters like Jeanne d'Arc add depth. Realism might be a stretch in a fantasy setting, but the characters' prideful reactions contribute to the story's tension. Overall, Fate/Apocrypha is a visually impressive addition to the franchise, offering a satisfying experience for those with a penchant for fantasy storytelling ...
Just finished this anime. It is so much more than an anime to me now though. I've craved for so long...an anime that won't make me look at how many minutes are left to finish an episode because I just couldn't get fully engaged. But Nana...I never wanted Nana to end. Nana was a fever dream, an irreversible experience, a resonating part of my life that has made me discover that I haven't grown out of anime...but only have matured. To the point where anything less than Nana quality just won't do. That's right, my standards have been risen once again. Thank you to this ...
At the first season the plot was too hard for me to grasp but over the time got the plot and it's very well anime in the new season and it's a blast.. It is predictable most of the time, hero has the ultimate power to fix everything problem sound cliche. Even than it great to see character grow and give some spectacular visuals worth the time.. . The art isn't new could have been better we have seen better quality in many anime.. Main character has every spice anyone need.. . I can definitely recommend this to everyone it has badass mc overpowered girls
Attack on Titan is a monumental narrative and literary masterpiece, a profoundly compelling, dramatic, and sincere story that delves into the depths of human nature and resonates deeply with audiences. It's an anime that offers something for everyone while simultaneously challenging and subverting expectations.. . Under the guidance of MAPPA, the series has consistently improved upon its already impressive productions, culminating in an episode that masterfully balances the animation of bodies, figures, and Titans. The episodes excel aesthetically, chromatically, and narratively. In the more action-packed sequences, Attack on Titan's final episode elevates the quality of animation, relying heavily on subjective camerawork to enhance pacing and rhythm. It ...
"Attack on Titan" distinguishes itself with a unique blend of intense emotion and stark rationality, presenting a world where no character is safe from the narrative's merciless reach. It defies predictability, and even genre enthusiasts who anticipate its twists may find themselves engrossed by its bold storytelling. The art style, with its stark contrasts and visceral imagery, complements the narrative's dark themes, enhancing the overall experience. Characters are multidimensional, with a balance of strengths and weaknesses that render them complex and relatable. Their responses to the harrowing circumstances feel grounded in reality, further investing the audience in their journey. This series is likely to resonate ...
After years of hearing about how horrible the AOT ending was this ending really came as a shock.. . I loved it.. . This was exactly how I imagined a story like AoT would end, and how it should, the ending was fitting, it worked, and that's the biggest praise I can give.. I was afraid the show would go for some ridiculously hopeful or optimistic ending, essentially circumventing the grounded realism that typified the story. If there is one thing I hate about stories that explore the concept of the kobayashi Maru it's when they completely side-step the issue and go "no, there is no Kobayashi Maru!!!! Bad guys ...
This was surprisingly good after finishing the first season. It’s a basic Isekai where the main Protagonist gets reincarnated into a magical world. He picks being a healer in a world where greed and corruption make things difficult for him at the start but his wholesome personality shines and he shows how things can truly change for views on healers throughout the series. He isn’t over-powered at the start but works hard and gets to a point where that hard work pays off in ways no one would have expected. I don’t want to spoil anything so my review should be vague enough to hopefully ...
This is my first and potentially only review that I'm going to do (although I think that what I'm going to write doesn't fit well as a review), I never thought about sharing my opinion in a review like this, but after finishing watching Aot , I felt I should leave a message of thanks to this masterpiece that is AOT.. . I've never been good with words, that's why I don't write reviews, but well, come on, three years ago I decided to start watching Attack on Titan, when I finished watching the first episode, I knew I had fallen completely in love with the narrative ...
All good things come to an end... if you never liked Shingeki, It's not now at the end that you'll like it … so don't give it a wrong review.. . It is clear that the author was under a lot of pressure to give us the end of this work, there were situations where the explanation was not very convincing, It seems like he wrote it to try to turn things around... there were some pieces missing. This subject of traveling in memory from the present to the future still causes me confusion… but as he is the founding titan he has a kind of crazy ...
Have you ever seen an anime, that while not perfect grabs your attention and refuses to let go? That's not Oshi no Ko, at least not initially.. I read the first Chapter around when it first came out and it did nothing for me, I doubt I'm alone in that view. But because of a friend's recommendation I watched it. I watched the movie-length first episode and then I was hooked.. The series isn't perfect but what series is? It does, at points, feel a bit like "entertainment industry tourism" jumping from one aspect to another without much connection other than the protagonists motivations - Which admittedly ...
This is truly an under-rated anime. It's just sad that people assume that Chinese animes lack ideas and animations. Literally, This anime has the best animation and by far the best score which includes it's opening theme composed by none other than Hiroyuki Sawano.. . . . I truly loved this anime. This anime was overall perfect, but one thing it lacked was a bit of "what's going on here" scenes. One moment, You are in the scene you are enjoying and than at next, you are being showed something else, of course we would understand it later on in the show but this wouldn't be that much ...
There hasn't been much for the horror genre recently and I've been waiting for a good horror anime to watch... I was looking at this season anime's on a whim taking a gamble on what to watch and I stumbled across Dark Gathering, and it is such a hidden gem!. . I don't think that the first half of episode 1 does justice for the whole anime it seems extremely boring but once it gets to the horror that's when the anime kicks off.. . Dark Gathering reminds me of the anime Mieruko-Chan, it knows how to play its suspenseful horror cards whilst balancing out its comedy aspects ...
I've been following the manga for some time now, but I think this anime really sparked my love for this series. Is it ridiculous? Yes. Does it have messed up connotations? Yes. Is it stupidly fun and enjoyable? Yes. Everything about this adaptation coalesces into a love letter to stupid harem romcoms from the girls singing in the fantastic opening to the amazing art to the phenomenal voice acting. The characters are goofy caricatures of the common harem tropes, with some out-there ideas thrown in. The main character is one of the strangest romcom protagonists in all of anime. The character designs are really good ...
Texhnolyze is a conceptually rich abstruse piece of fiction that tackles intricate philosophies such as nihilism and solipsism and displays them with contrasting themes through pragmatic practices. The drabby art style precisely exhibits the morbid facial features of the characters which also superbly emphasises their glum appearance and personifies their dismal behaviour and mannerisms. The storyboarding is astonishingly vehement and emotionally raw. The sound design is exotically rhapsodic.. . Texhnolyze presents both orchestral sombre and bombastic soundtracks that synchronize almost perfectly with the doleful and suffocating nature of its world. The eerie atmosphere complements the miserable and desolate setting in which this narrative takes place in. ...
Now this is some goofy romance right here.. I am obsessed with the whole "arraigned partnership but it's okay because we end up falling super hard for each other but more importantly we become better people for it" trope, so when people started recommending this show to me I was in. And overall I do really enjoy this one. The art style is one of my favorite parts. It's so soft and simple and just makes you feel so cozy. And I love watching all these characters I kinda hate at the start grow and change into wonderful people. A part of me sees myself ...
I haven't read the manga or anything but this show is something else. This story is fantastic, everything from the characters, the story building, and the overall plot.. This anime feels so fresh and new to me as someone who watches a lot of these isekai anime and the plot is just trying to defeat the demon king, this is the story set after all that but without the isekai stuff, this show is just perfect, its definitely a change of pace from a lot of animes you have watched.. The characters have so much development and it all doesn't happen at once, it happens ...
This Anime is a stunning piece of work, if you love moody, BL and vague world building, this is the anime for you. I will be honest this was so good it got me back into anime after not watching for a good 10 years.. . The Art style fits beautifully, the backgrounds are amazing and guides the mood so much. The Characters are drawn so elegantly. The fights help tell the story, they might not be perfect or the best but that is so not what you are here for.. . The plot is amazing - so well done I was expecting one thing and I got ...
I finally got around to rewatching this show, and it's just as amazing as I remembered it from my first watch. I used to be somewhat into One Punch Man, but I could never understand why Mob Psycho wasn't as widely discussed. While it shares a very similar art style with One Punch Man, it stands out for its expressiveness in its fighting sequences and transformations. The characters are all very strange but still charming in their own ways. Even though it has been years since I was deeply into anime, this show continues to hold a special place in my mind as ...
This anime was delightful - its very soft and fun. Very slice of life as you follow the life of both Miyano and Sasaki and the love that grows between them. I will warn new watchers this is 100% a slow burn. Hella cute and get you a man like Kuresawa.. . This was a beautiful anime- the art style fits it just perfectly the colors and mood of the art style really help sell the feelings, even when the characters are being silly.. . I really liked how Sasaki is immediately into Miynao but is also totally respectful of Miyano's feelings even when he is super into ...
The Great Cleric contains a businessman, not of an entrepreneuring nature but a skilled negotiator and adaptable individual for it's mc. The way the plot unfolds in a simple but not too predictable manner, without the constant life/death of other shows makes it very comfort-like and laid-back, something that can be enjoyed whilst simply lying in bed. The charachters all have unique but not extreme personas, but the mc is truly unique with his funny facial expressions, constant desire for self-improvement and desire for (numerical) progress.. . Overall its not lacking in any way, but it gets a 9/10 because like many casual shows, it lacks any ...
Absolutely amazing. Before I knew what the show entailed, I knew from the cover it was going to be a beautiful anime, and then I see it is a historical anime which makes it even better so I am probably biased already, but this is a must watch. The animations are as beautiful as the cover portrayed.. . The animation is gorgeous and Maomao, the MC is a well rounded character for the show and as a woman. She’s clever, funny, beautiful, intelligent; oh but don’t make her mad! You’ll see another side of her you didn’t know she had!. . The show isn’t tagged as romance, but ...
Mnemosyne: Mnemosyne no Musume-tachi is a captivating and unique anime that seamlessly blends supernatural, mystery, and action genres. With complex female protagonists, thrilling episodic cases, and a dark, gritty aesthetic, it offers a mature and thought-provoking viewing experience. The series pushes boundaries with elements of gore and sensuality, making it a standout for those who appreciate a more edgy and enigmatic anime. If you're looking for a series that challenges conventions and immerses you in a dark, supernatural world, "Mnemosyne" is a must-watch that will leave a lasting impression.. . The only issue I had, was the ending. I feel like they could give us some more ...
This was a super charming show. I enjoyed the characters with all their eccentricities. Any type of over-arching plot is basically non-existent, but having an awkward, shut-in elf, who got reverse-isekai'd to Japan 600 years ago teach you history lessons about Japan during various periods from the past because she was there as a bystander is a nice little premise + having other elfs pop up here and there too is a great addition. I can't say that I found many of the random facts about history that she imparts to be too interesting personally, but there were a few I went, "huh, that's kinda ...
WRITING. The thematic relevance of the final chapters is very compelling, and provides many nuanced and interesting takes on the human condition, which to me is the strongpoint of the final arc. Not many narratives are able to accomplish philosophical writing in an easily decipherable way. Some of the most important examples of this are:. - Zeke and Armin, representing elements of nihilism vs optimism, or the idea that we have "no meaning in life", vs the idea that we have to "make our own meaning".. - Mikasa and Ymir, representing the importance & power of love but also the importance of overcoming your emotions for the greater ...
I am a very great fan of other types or out side of the box animes where age gaps are present. Its a real thing in real life so why shouldnt it be present in an anime?. . I love this couple and their dinamic in the entire anime & manga chapters. I loved this couple the moment they vibed with each others and founded out their feelings with each other, growing towards each other and exploring more than they tought it would be. I a fan of age gaps and the fact that Kousuke is a teacher it spices up the entire level of their interaction. ...
I think people will have mixed feelings about this one.. . For me, coming back with a review in 2023, I still love this one. Not because of the all male cast or reverse harem but mostly because it kept me going on at the time I saw it, when a lot of animes were low story based.. Reporting today, it may seem cringe for you and lack of character development (Chizuru's case).. My favorite out of the entire series will be my one and only Hijikata Toshizou and an entire cast of great animation scenes, fighting and action packed episodes. I love the fact that there is a ...
A old animes within the good age of anime. I found it nice to see and watch a good type of 50ep anime that gets to be a rare thing these days. If you are a fan of blood sucking "vampires" you can star this one and go with the flow and watch the story.. . For me, I personally love it and is one of my forever favorite anime in my entire life and time. I have watched it as a young kid on TV, being fascinated by the openings, Saya's character and of course, my personal forever one and only crush, Haji.. Reporting on a present ...
After all these years, Hajime Isayama's Shinkegi no Kyojin comes to an end. Has the aftertaste of the manga's ending washed away? Let's see.... . The conclusion of a story as grand as Attack on Titan needs to land. It doesn't matter how incredible the prior 139 chapters are if the last one falls flat on its face. If you weren't living under a rock in 2021, AOT's ending for the manga was controversial, to say the least. Some fans thought it was a beautiful ending to the story and others felt betrayed by what they had just read. When I finished the story, I felt that ...
(written after Special No1. Will expand after the final episode). . Another break time from Naruto Shippuden at episode 243. Time to catch up, FINALLY, on part 3 of season 4 AoT. I hear all sorts of feedback, we always do, sadly, there are a lot of people that have strong opinions on the quality of AoT in the pantheon of anime show, yet they have only watched Dragonball, bang on about how crap the Buu Saga is, how great Bebop is yet haven't seen it and have watched AoT, that's the context that underpins their opinion. Sadly, AoT is so big it attracts people with little ...
Imagine going up to your friend and tell them that you finished Attack on Titan as if that is the best flex you have ever told anyone.. You feel like you are such an anime veteran for staying true to AoT for the past decade just to find out that anime elitists and manga readers exist.. . Nevertheless, Attack on Titan is officially over and it definitely left an impact to the anime community.. . The directing is great, the worldbuilding is great, the art and the animation is great, the soundtrack is great, the voice acting is great and it definitely dropped one of the biggest plot twist that ...
If you want an anime that you don't per se need to pay attention to 100% of the time to enjoy, I seriously recommend this one. I watched this as I was doing my hair in the morning or had it going in the background while making dinner or cleaning my apartment. I really enjoyed it in this respect, as it was funny, entertaining, cute, and was one of those shows that you got the jist of it if you only paid attention for 5 minutes. I also played it in 2x speed so there is that. Also, I'm learning Japanese, and this show was ...
The problem with most BL anime is that they are just not that good. They tend to have excessive amounts of fanservice, poor character writing, and are usually of a rather subpar quality. However, every now and then there comes a show that truly makes an impact on the community and redefines the genre. Unfortunately, this is not that show. This show is still pretty good though, and I genuinely think it is worth a watch.. . Visuals: I'm not going to lie, if you don't like the aesthetic of most early-2000s anime, you will hate the look of Gravitation. Although, for me personally, some of my ...
Have you ever given 3D anime a chance? If you're willing to overlook animation that's not up to par for a good story and well-written characters, then I highly recommend you watch Onimusha.. . Despite being based on a video game, Onimusha stands on its own as a unique and captivating anime series. Even though the 3D animation isn't the best in the first couple of episodes, the story quickly draws you in and keeps you hooked. The characters are strong, intelligent, and relatable, and the plot is full of unexpected twists and turns.. . Don't let the 3D animation deter you from giving Onimusha a try. It's a ...
Inu-oh is an unique cinematic work that delves deep into the journey of discovery and self-acceptance, challenging the definition that society tries to impose on who we are. The film explores the difference and beauty of individuality in an artistic and reflective manner, touching on themes of exclusion, acceptance, and the struggle against the world's tendency to reject what is different.. . This audio-visual spectacle delves into the critical point of individual identity, challenging the social definition of personality. The film also addresses themes of historical complaint, rejection of the new, and issues of authority, politics, and ownership in the artistic sphere.. . Inu-oh stands out for its emotional ...
Like a farewell to an old friend. AOT has been with me for so long, so it is hard to give a fair review of it. It is not a perfect work but is good enough. It is so different from other anime I have watched that I feel I will never see such work again in the future.. . A lot of people don't like how the story ends. I don't quite understand the ending and Eren's choice, but in 2023 with wars and conflicts and hatred happening everywhere in the world, I think it is just telling the truth - the war will never ...
Finally Gridman gets a W. The 2 series prior to this film were largely underwhelming, but this time around, as a movie release, this feels right. Instead of a start and stop, start, and stop approach to the series, now we have a focused approach to storytelling, an emphasis on graphics and long fight scenes, and using momentum to bring a great climax that had me smiling.. . Animation 10/10. - The best in the series, tons of detail, great color, nice use of CGI.. Sound 10/10. - Nice touch with the nostalgia soundtracks, and great sound design during fight scenes.. Story 5/10. - The story is ...
I really love the conversation between Armin and Zeke. It reminded me of Richard Dawkins' book "The Selfish Gene." In it, Dawkins suggests that we humans are kind of like "robots" for genes, seemingly programmed to protect and spread these "selfish" genes. Under this perspective, our existence is just a vehicle for these genes to continue.. . When I first came across this idea, I deeply questioned the purpose of life: if that's the case, why do we even live? But Armin's answer to this philosophical question was enlightening: the true meaning of life isn't about chasing some grand purpose or goal, but rather finding happiness in ...
Absolutely amazing. I am a bit biased because it's the adaptation of the very first manga I ever read, but watching the anime for the first time 3 years later it really is THAT good. It's a very lighthearted ecchi comedy about a very innocent character that, in a suggestive environment such as eroge production, develops her own lewd side. You will feel embarassed, you will have trouble holding back laughs and you will enjoy genuinely erotic scenes,. The art honestly blew my mind, didn't expect this quality from a small studio adapting a minor ecchi manga, and the voice actors (very important given the plot) ...
If you liked the first season than this is "mostly" more of the same. It resolves the cliff hanger at the very end of the first season, contains a mostly complete story arc of itself, but leaves you open to the possibility of more going forward.. . It's tone is "slightly" different than the first season in that it's more of a "maturing as themselves" tone than the first seasons "meet the crew" hijinks. You can see development and growth. The personal interactions are mostly similar though with a few characters having their backstories more fleshed out again.. . Over-all I enjoyed it, though it felt ...
i loved it , i cried a little bit , goose bumps everywhere and i was on the edge of my seat and i am more than satisfied with the ending of aot and if anyone disagree it's fine it is my opinion i will not argue you can't change my mind on it . these two special episodes gave me new perspective towards aot about how unique and brilliant story it is, as it has done in the past and levi and eren are my favourite characters , about the episodes i think the first one is better than 2nd but both are ...
Attack on Titan is finally over. This anime has probably been on everyone's "to watch" list at one point. The final two episodes stuck very close to the manga (besides one or two scenes being cut), and these chapters were very action-packed and lore-heavy. However, in the manga, some scenes confused me, but I'm happy that the anime cleared that confusion. Also, some of the scenes in the anime were emotional, such as seeing characters we haven't seen in some time.. . On another note, the animation was very engaging. Each scene was full of movement and fun to watch, ...
Best anime movie I've watched this year (2023). I watched it at the Indonesia Japanese Film Festival 2023 (JFF) and it's certainly my favorite movie at the festival.. . I have so much thought but I can't say it properly for the movie. This movie has been a rollercoaster of emotions.. . This is one of the most memorable anime movies for me, thanks to the loneliness, hopelessness, bullying, escapism, and anti-social issues that they bring. As for the plot and conclusion, the storytelling is done beautifully and the conclusion, as well as the settlement for each question that arises from the plot, has been answered and portrayed clearly, ...
Kaguya-hime no monogatari is yet another beautiful addition to the Studio Ghibli movie collection. In fact, with its unique and hand-drawn art style, I might actually argue this is the most beautiful of them all.. . Story & Characters: 7/10. Now, since this is technically a remake of an existing story (albeit with some improvements), I can’t give it full marks in either of these sections. If you’ve already read/heard of the original Bamboo Cutter story, this is all around a pretty faithful adaptation to film.. . Sound: 9/10. Beautiful. Just stunning. I would expect nothing less of Ghibli, to be honest. I don’t have much else to say, as this ...
It takes 5 episodes to really get rolling, but it is turning out quite well!. It is 'good clean fun' with actual plot, interesting side characters and a delightful MC: Kaoru-chan. How many shows can say that?. The art is clean and looks good. The music is nice, calm and non-invasive. Characters are well presented with easily identifiable looks and personalities. Lots of well-done details.. It doesn't take itself too seriously, which is good too!. The MC has a plan, the universe is well constructed & so far it has been a treat to watch it unfold. Sure, her ...
Attack on Titan: Final Season - The Final Chapters marks the end of an epic journey, and as expected, it has evoked both enthusiastic praise and spirited discussion. In my review, I aim to present my perspective by spotlighting the series' remarkable strengths while also acknowledging areas where it may have fallen short of certain expectations.. . One of the standout features that have consistently shone throughout the series is its music. The soundtrack has been a hallmark of Attack on Titan, and it continued to excel in these final episodes. The emotional resonance of the narrative was significantly enhanced by the evocative music, which acted as ...
This anime inspired me to go to the Toyota dealer and buy a GR86. I now have a GR86 parked in my garage as I am writing this review.. . I recently just got into cars, never thought I'd see a car anime, but I enjoyed it too much to the point that I actually went to buy a GR86. I like the story. Art style I think fits it nicely for an immersive experience. I thought the sounds of the cars were pretty cool lmao. I watched the Toyota GR86 x Initial D commercial a couple of months ago, I wanted an anime for this car. ...
Well i chose to pick this anime up was because I had my heart broke. It's such a sour feeling it's hard to think or even seeing the one I had been having a crush on leaving your side after all those days you spent together well eventhough only as friends. But this anime tolds me that time will always going forward. If I kept on living, I might met those that longing for my self anyway. which I hope that everyone of you that read this review will kept on living your life and continue on living forward instead of ending your life.
Summertime Render is a dark fantasy anime that masterfully combines mystery, drama, and action into a compelling story full of twists and turns. Set on a remote island, the show follows Shinpei Ajiro, a young man who returns to his hometown after a family tragedy only to get caught up in a series of strange occurrences involving shadowy beings that can alter people's lives and even reality.. . Right from the start, Summertime Render pulls viewers in with its complex narrative woven around Shinpei's efforts to unravel the truth behind the island's secrets and prevent further harm. The mystery elements are very well-crafted, with subtle clues sprinkled ...
Aot was my first ever anime and the one that got me into anime. Enjoyed almost everything in this anime, the charachters, story telling, pacing,Artstyle ,Holy S-tier Animation ,especially how it concluded.. . The show symbolizes very important aspects of human condition, wars ,conflicts.. . Actually i cant say the journey was exceptional like it was perfect or anything because there were some flaws here and there like with how some charachter dialoges needed a change, but its no big deal.. . Overall the charachters were well rounded, The mc (main charachter) Eren yeager was one unique mc. As a kid he had a classic shounen goal to ...
Sousou no Frieren takes a risk with its unorthodox plot and passage of time. Fortunately for us, it has fully reaped the benefits of taking the risk and excels in every reasonable criteria one could set for this show.. . Story: The theme of a purpose in life and valuing the time spent with others isn’t a unique concept by any means (though in the domain of anime, perhaps it is). However, the manner in which the show tackles the theme is special and well crafted.. . The plot is engaging, meaningful, thought provoking, appropriately humorous yet emotional and unique. Very often with anime, one would complain ...
To follow non-idol fans.... . I don't like idol anime, and to be honest I despise the the idol culture in general, but I did really enjoy the Oshi no Ko despites it being an idol anime because Oshi no Ko is not about idol (season one at least)…. . To non-idol funs unfortunately Oshi no Ko still is an idol anime that heavily influenced and based on idol culture, BUT fortunately the 'idol story' is really minimum that it doesn't play a big part in the story happened so far. To me the explanation of the mystery and the nature of the entertoyment industry is the center of ...
A good breather from depressing shows. If you enjoy cute kids in anime, this anime won't disappoint. The yakuza baby sitter show is everything you expected it to be from the title; tough yakuza man taking care of an adorable girl and some hijinks. While it does nothing new with the story beat, the characters are engaging. It's cute without forcing kawaiiiii scenes. The main girl, Yaeka, is an introvert which makes you root for her little interactions. The yakuza characters seem too tame for their career, although the show did not shy away from some dark moments. The character interactions are wholesome for the ...
We've seen the zombie apocalypse genre done death (no pun intended) in recent years, so a light hearted comedic take was a welcome change from me. The characters all have lots of chemestry with eachother and the story seems mostly episodic with hints of a broader narrative which excites me for the long term while helping me stay invested in what the characters are doing. . Ontop of all that it's very well animated with minimal use of 3D. All in all this is a great show if you're looking for something comedic or slice of lifey, and though there are moments of action, this is probably ...
This review is not objective, only subjective! I love this girl! Everyone should! Uzaki may be annoying, but only if you can't see the charming in this! She's such a kind girl. Did you notice she changed her attitude for Sakurai-senpai? You probably have not, you haven't given her a chance, shame on you! She may not know, she has a crush on him at this point, but she does her best to cheer him up and get him out of his comfort zone.. . You could say, Uzaki is just for connoisseurs. For people, especially men, who looking for a buddy-like girl, who's not just to ...
Sousou no Frieren daringly has the courage to be so bright, in light of such heavy thematic.. . A hard line to balance on, for swaying too far on either side will break the consistency of tone.. The fantastic direction expresses death and sorrow, accompanied by vivid landscapes, lush beds of flowers, bright blue skies.. Contrast is what I like in a story, and these first episodes have had more of it than any story preoccupied with immediate plot development.. What wonders can be achieved in such a short amount of time.. . The setbacks of this world are faced straight on. There is no hiding from death, ...
The End. . I have no ideas. I don't know what to say about the last episode. Is it really good? Is it the best ending? Or might there be a better ending than this one? Why did Eren do all of this if the conflict between humans would never end? Did Mangaka make the right choices? a lot of questions with no answers, do I recommend you watch it? Yes.. . Attack on Titan has been a part of my life since 2013. I remember when I watched it with my brother for the first time. Now 2023 is the end. After 10 years, the attack on Titan ...
Wasn't intending to write this, and I don't intend on developing my thoughts because it will take forever to explain for one, and also because I am not fluent to not butcher the review of one of the best shows ever made. And I did weight my words there.. . The show is by no means perfect, that is for certain, but there has never been a show that can perfectly replicate all aspects of real life. Heck, if real life was a show, you can still find imperfections, hence why I consider SnK to be one of the best without it being perfect.. . It manages to hit ...
After all those years, the iconic anime called Attack on Titan has reached its final episodes. I will keep this review relatively short, because the vast majority of people who have made it to the Final Chapters surely has already had contact with the series before, so it's not hard to imagine what to expect in general. I can only say, as a word of introduction, that this review will be free from spoilers.. . Moving straight to the point, "Shingeki no Kyojin: The Finale Season - Kanketsu-hen" offers the best what you'd expect from Attack on Titan anime, just multiplied by several times. Cinematic experience and ...
Berserk is one of those special anime, that exemplifies the potential of the medium. This dark story may just seem like a big guy with a sword, but it's much more than that. It's a story about perseverance, about finding place in life, about kinship, the lust for power, and for standing in the world, jealousy and ultimately betrayal. As an 18-year-old, new to anime at the time, and experiencing a mature 8-hour animated story like Berserk, I was in awe. To think, there was a medium called anime, that routinely produced mature "cartoons" was mind blowing to me. DBZ, ...
My Happy Marriage is a period piece romance set in the Meiji-eta in Japan. The show includes supernatural elements through the existence of “grotesqueries,” which we learn more about as you get further into the series, as well as “gifts” that take the form of various super powers, like control of fire or the ability to manipulate others. After watching the season, the scope of these powers feel as open-ended as other thinks like cursed energy from Jujutsu Kaisen and stand abilities in Jojo’s, so the sky’s the limit. The first episode has no trace of fantasy elements in it, so if you skip the ...
Nothing can be said to fully appreciate how magnificent this show was , ladies and gentlemen this is Attack On Titan.. . From the very beginning, since ep 1 the show is remarkably captivating with its unique story , interesting characters , deep plots , lack of any waste of time or fillers ,just pure greatness. Combined with marvelous drawing and animation despite the challenges and change of studios ,the quality of detail delivery never disappointed.. All this orchestrated with the musical genius Hiroyuki Sawano that pulls you to the depths of feelings and make you really live the situations with every note .. . Coming to the ...
I am tweaking so hard that my teeth are itching. . The whole movie feels and looks like an acid trip. Redline probably has the best visuals I have seen in any animated movie. It just looks insane from start to finish. That doesn´t only concern how good the car races are but also the crazy designs they came up with for the characters.. The story itself while not the focus also is way better than you normally would expect from a racing story. I personally don´t even enjoy cars. I have never seen a F1 race or have any interest in the Fast and Furious movies, despite ...
Wow it's over. I truly do not understand the hatred people had for this ending, without going into spoilers I absolutely think this series could not have ended up any other way. A perfectly bittersweet end to an incredibly dark and expansive story, I believe that everything in this finale carried on well from what preceded it and even if I knew deep down what was going to happen I still wasn't fully prepared for it and it still really impacted me. I still remember watching every season from s2 onwards as it aired and I cannot believe this story has finally concluded, what an ...
Originally when I read the manga, I was dissapointed in the ending. It felt completely off to me. Now, two years later, watching the anime, I have to say that I love this ending. Couldn't tell you why it's better, or what made me like it this time, but I have absolutely zero complaints. I don't think AOT needed a beautiful wrap up the way other shows might have. War is something that can't be ended just because of the actions of one person, and while that may have been a more satisfying ending for some, that isn't real. Also, for whatever reason, Eren felt ...
Shingeki no Kyojin: The Final Season - Kanketsu-hen (2023). . Part 1 was an epic setup for what was part 2 released on my birthday no less which was interesting for me to enjoy.. . I personally think this was a great way to finish the series, you had some epic moments that were well carried out and the ending clips during the credits were fantastic for closing any extra loops you may have been thinking about. In the end, the fighting like in real life won't stop until there is only 1 left then it will repeat again. I love the tree scene especially as it closed ...
CGDCT is by far my favorite genre simply because of this. The pacing was amazing, and the story was so cute. This became a show that I didn't want to end because I would watch an episode after a really stressful day or just when I needed to unwind from the world. The characters and dry-ish humor were relatable, and everything about it was just amazing. Really recommend this anime if you need a break from action and drama. The only gripe I have is that Season 2 isn't dubbed and this is one of the animes that I would recommend watching dubbed because the ...
Fear, hatred, sorrow and desperation are the words to describe this arc. Watching Shinegki since 2018, we got to see the development of our beloved goat Eren aswell as the scouts. Many musty manga readers will see to it that they will despise the ending no matter what but we do not consider those jobless basement dwellers who still live with their parents. The ending was perfection and it alone is clear of the entirrity of mid piece.. . The dynamics of Eren is far clear and yet complex, his reasonings and motivations were indeed satisfying and I speak for humanity when I say we ...
Que grande Naruto.. . . Receta para un mantecado.. . Para 8 personas. -Huevos a temperatura ambiente 7 Unid. -Mantequilla 400 Gr. -Harina 400 Gr. -Azúcar 400Gr. ...
Thank you Attack on Titan! Thank you for the 10 years long journey of this beautiful, extraordinary anime. I'm glad that I have lived and experienced the same period of this masterpiece, both in its manga and anime form. Truly the work of art of our generation.. . For those who have complained and spread hate non-stop, maybe you ould take more time to contemplate the true ideal it wants to present. The world is cruel, and history seems to repeat itself. People keep waging wars and killing each other, no matter if it is the world that has Titans or not. Is it all sacrifice and ...
In a world where no words can truly encapsulate the specter I witnessed today, AOT has, at long last, reached its end.. Ten years of unwavering devotion, and for me, this stands as the unrivaled zenith of cinema, anime, art, and entertainment. I ponder if any masterpiece can ever surpass this monumental journey. It commenced with titans and culminated with life, hope, and aspirations. This, my friends, is nothing short of cinematic purity.. How I yearn, how I ache to have experienced this within the hallowed walls of a theater for it unquestionably deserves a grand stage.. One of the Best Plot Twists, nail-biting moments, full ...
Attack on Titan is an absolute masterpiece and no one could change my mind.. . The soundtrack is amazing, the animation is incredible, and the story is absolutely outstanding, made me speechless in the end. The wait is worth it, like for real. MAPPA really did a great job at cooking the last episode, i dont know it just made me feel sad and empty but happy for it at the same time. it felt like im watching a 15 minute video, time just flew by so fast its just unbelievable. I had fun watching it with my friend last night and we had a deep talk ...
You WANT an Anime that has Magic, Awesome Characters, Dark Spells and an interesting Story?. Here it is!. . Meet Marlya and join her journey on fighting for the Fairys.. Together with the Organisation "Dorothea" she fights criminals that use Fairys for the bad. Over the time she sees a lot, meets new friends that join her and she learns a lot about Fairys.. . Are they good? Are they bad? Why can't Humans and Fairys live together, side by side?. See the dark side of Anime, with a lot of blood, fights and friendship.. . On my side, everyone will like this anime, if you like good fighting animations!
This anime perfect for everybody having a perfect story without a flaw .. . Character. The characters are perfect you can expercience a diffrent emotion for every character because you can actually see the emotions on every character face . The main protagonists are perfect and the side cast also. The love story between Mikasa ...
As i put this on on PTW ---watched in 2023.. . For 2023, i think its a nice original way approach to a high school teenage drama, love romance stuff.. I think I consider it between one of the most natural and organic approach as love interests and thinking of coming of age hormones that are sooo natural that you cant imagine love/relationships are always lovey-dowey, sweet innocent hugs and kissed. Sometimes it hurts and huthing others (condamnable as it may be) is so natural to do.. . A good anime, nothing much than that but a real sweet-sour story that many may relate now of days.
When your genre is oversaturated with boring, repetitive trash that only exists to please the lowest common denominator, you can take one of two routes.. The Re:Zero route, where you revolutionise the genre with a fresh concept and a well written story to give a nice breath of fresh air from the mundanity.. Or you can go the Konosuba route. Double, triple, quadruple down. Beat the others by doing what they do Ad Absurdum.. . This is what Hyakkano does for the harem genre. It takes everything stupid, ridiculous or trashy about harem series (such as numerous girls falling for a bland protagonist) and takes them to their absolute ...
The greatest anime series of a generation finally reaches its grand conclusion. 10 years of drama and controversies, especially among the fandom over the manga ending, it's truly been a ride.. . This was solid, although there are still loose ends and lots of questions that remain unanswered, the wasted character arcs and loopholes left from many of the plot lines that remained unconclusive. And all that other stuff: multiple delays, changing of animation studios before the final season even began, the "questionable" plot twist into the final season, and much more other controversial things that I best rather leave out for internet enthusiasts and adventurers to ...
The story tracks what happens after a hero adventure ends. By no right should it be worth watching -- the suspense is taken out, the gratification from defeating the big boss has passed, and there is no cliffhanger left to chase. Despite all that, this show made the ordinary spectacular.. . This story shines a light on a stoic elf, Frieren that will eventually outlive her companions. Sousou no frieren shows how the mere 10 year adventure that she shared with her companions (that is only 1/100 of her lifespan) has impacted her outlook on her long life. The series does a fantastic job juxtaposing the ...
For me, Attack On Titan is an emotion. It's an absolute masterpiece. If you want to see a compelling story of how human nature works in a devastating world, then you can watch Attack On Titan.... Attack On Titan is a full-packed series where you can find action, emotion, love, people's dreams, adventure, revenge, plot armor, character development, better side characters, great villains, and sadness.. . Attack On Titan is the story of three friends Eren, Mikasa & Armin. They live in a devastating world where Titans attack humans. Eren wants to destroy Titans and live freely. He always wants to go to the outside world. So, ...
This anime matured into the best version of the modern soldiers perspective (being one myself). The genocide was impractical and was to keep the action going but aside from it the dilemma eren faced was exactly what is going through my mind when seeing the chaotic turmoil the world has been put in. Having empathy for the other side is damn hard to have but when u see it for urself that regardless of nation or race everyone's human there's no reason left to destroy the life ,dreams and aspirations of others. But still we fight to protect these ideals for our loved ones cuz ...
Attack on Titan is the anime of our generation, A true masterpiece.. . This is the absolute pinnacle of peak fiction. Nothing across all forms of media will come remotely close to being in the same stratosphere as Attack on Titan, An awe-inspiring, gut-wrenching and highly emotional passage that reflects the brutalities and nuances of the world, This part of the story contains what many considered the best chapter in the manga (chapter 131) which shows the absolute true despair of the rumbling and the true intentions/motivations of Eren Yeager, Containing the best CGI blending and 2D animation I've personally ever seen.. . Attack on Titan is an generation-defining ...
Despite there being plenty of room for debate regarding any moral intricacies interwoven throughout the show, the finale provides certain understanding of Eren's grand plan. The ending complements the entirety of the show like a bow tied around a gift-box, truly a poetic masterpiece. A bittersweet ending, that serves to encompass the deepest parts of the human condition: A solid framework that reflects humanity.. . General Overview:. 1) The story itself is far from predictable, it is truly unique.. 2)The Art style remains unique and immaculate. 3) All characters make wonderful progression, enriching the story overall. 4) All characters represent accurate and varied reactions to emotionally provoking situations. 5) ...
Okay, so maybe a 10/10 is a bit too much for most, but honestly, I'd beg to differ.. . The series does a beautiful job at blurring the lines between the intent of human and AI by offering a very unique perpective of what a potential future could look like between the two. It isn't your typical 'mankind vs robots' premise. Even when compared to its parent show, Astro Boy. It's more of a 'look at what it is we can achieve as a joint force/entity' sort of thing. I would hate to spoil anything so you'd have to actually watch it to understand what I mean. ...
Here's my final review. . Honestly the ending was fine. It wasn't as "bad" as some said but it wasn't "perfect" either. It was a nice improvement from the manga ending.. Only thing that I still didn't like is the romance aspect of the show and some things that still are a little confusing (like Eren killing his own mom and did all of this because he was an idiot, I guess...). I expeted more meaningful death at the end too but It is what it is.. The animation and soundtracks were phenomenals as always 10/10.. The plot on the other hand I give it a 6/10.. . Other than that I ...
"Why did it turn out this way? - I finally know. Because I was an idiot - with power." - Eren. . So Attack on Titan finally came to its conclusion after a million final seasons. I'm one of those that refused to read the manga because I was already too deep into watching the anime and after all this time, I feel happy with my decision. Attack On Titan's ending can't be called "the greatest" by any measures but it's a proper end and served its purpose well.. . It reminds me of Linkin' Park's song "In The End". In the end, it doesn't matter at all. But ...
Been a fan since the season 1 aired last 2013 and oh what a journey of waiting impatiently and being frustrated because of that long wait. and finally we are here at the end. And all i got to say is, its ONE HELL OF A JOURNEY. Full of emotions.. . not just because of the story itself but because you have loved all aspects of it. The protagonists, antagonists, side characters and all.. . The finale was animated from the manga down to the last drop and i enjoyed every single of it. Though i know many watchers (im not calling them fans) hated the ending, its still ...
This anime is truly a masterpiece. I strongly recommend it for all of you anime enthusiasts out there. The fight scenes and the story are more than great; they are absolutely phenomenal. The animation is breathtaking, with stunning visuals that immerse you in the world of the characters. The character development is top-notch, and you'll find yourself deeply invested in their journeys. Moreover, the sound design and music score perfectly complement the overall experience, enhancing the emotional impact of every scene.. . The plot is intricately woven, offering a perfect balance of action, suspense, and heartfelt moments. It keeps you on the edge of your seat, leaving ...
This is the feeling that can't be expressed in simple words, the feeling of witnessing something for the last time. The feeling of losing something dear to us.. Watching AOT was an out of the world and once in a lifetime experience for me. This has everything from greatest characters to the greatest plot twists. No other series has been able to do all this.. . Characters - 10. . Plot Twists - 10. . Cliffhangers - 10. . Fight Scenes - 10. ...
As you scroll through various reviews, you will find people having mixed feelings about the whole franchise. In my opinion, I agree with some people accepting the end and some not. Many are pointing out that Eren did a half-assed job which he definitely did. People are criticizing Armin for being a hypocritical 'Peace-Lover' guy. But many do not understand that those two characters, in fact, all the characters in AOT are flawed. You can not expect them to be doing everything right like in all other anime. I believe that Isayama did a wonderful job of bringing out the flawed personality in every other ...
I know its dumb, but still tuck you J***.. Say whatever you want, im just here to release my final steam,. Thank You for the masterpiece. 👍. . Do you really need such a long essay to watch this?. If you been in the such anime trend or circle or friends who obsessed with such related,. I bet you been spoiled by one or two piece of picture, lol.... . . . ...
The bittersweet and honestly tragic ending of one of the most incredible rides I've ever been on. This anime is one for the ages. After 10 long years we see the conclusion to the most infamous, but also most brilliant action and post-apocalyptic thrillers of our time. There is not much I can say that hasn't been said already, so I'll just cut to the chase - this has been one of the closest instances of a perfect show in the last 10 to 15 years. And one of the few examples where the story just kept getting better and better. "Attack on Titan" has ...
Ka-ka-katanagari is mega cooool, but seriously, this anime is amazing. End of review. No, let me tell you something about it so you can see what's going on here. The main character Togame, on the orders of the shogun, is looking for a few legendary swords, unfortunately everyone she entrusts with this task fails, so with this problem she goes to the son of her father's killer who lives in exile on an almost deserted island with his sister, does it sound logical? this is just the beginning... , during negotiations to entrust this task to shichika (the son of her father's killer), she asks ...
Truly this is a masterpiece. Attack on Titan is my most favourite anime & will always be my favourite. It may end but I will never forget about it. The memories I made with this anime will never be...I will just end with one line - Thank you everyone who worked in this to make me feel this way.... . From first episode to till last episode everything was perfect. We could never ask for more. Everything was top notch.. . Eren,Mikasa & Armin - this golden trio will never be forgotten. Every moment I spent in this emotional ride was worth it.. . The animation, soundtrack especially was ...
Attack On Titan is an anime series that has turned heads since it was first released in 2013. From the moment I hit play, I was instantly engaged by the harsh, gut-wrenching, and action-packed story. Accompanied by some of WIT Studios' best animation work and Linked Horizon's amazingly composed soundtracks, I knew this show would inevitably become something great. Even despite being new to the anime genre at the time, I still felt how much potential this story held after finishing just the first season. Now, a decade later, I think it's more than safe to say that my gut was right.. . AOT is the ...
After watching the last episode l, I feel like losing a part of me forever. I wish I had never watched this anime but I am glad I did. This anime has left a huge gap in my heart. No anime has effected me this way. This has become my new favourite anime aside from gintama.. . This is the most realistic ending the series could ever have. Realistic in a way that feels right. Even when nothing mattered and everything was pointless, there was still was a meaning in this 'nothing' this is hard to explain and you can only feel.. . So pls don't watch ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (10). The story is about a Nobita that are curious about the Crescent Moon He saw during the day. That curiosity makes them have a time travel journey to search for Utopia (Crescent Moon island). Somehow they find out the Utopia but there is something wrong with that place. That's how their journey begins.. . Art (10). The art in this anime is excellence! I like the color, glow, and shadow they were using for this anime. They also use a lot of animation than the static image which makes it more enjoyable to watch. What I like much is ...
A true masterpiece.. . Everything about this anime; the animation (yes some may argue not all parts animation), voice acting, music, plot and characters are so well crafted. You can tell there are people behind this work who have so much passion and talent, putting in the hours to make this the ending the story deserves and wow, we should commend them.. . The inclusion of new things for this ending was well incorporated and the storyboard/ directing of the sequences we're exceptional, it was an emotional journey. The ending was worth waiting years.. . After watching and reading so many stories in different art forms in the past decade, ...
Based on my 5 main aspects (1-5 Points). Story (5). └ I over enjoyed the conflict in the story.. Animated (5). └ Splendid. Means, nothing to complain about and pampering my eyes.. Chara Development (5). └ They have great backstories and are developed so well.. World Building (5). └ Built perfectly and conveyed to me well according to their genres and themes.. Song & Sfx (4). ...
Spoiler free just saying how I feel don’t wanna write too much, Wasn’t the best ending to a series but at least it didn’t fuck anything up like soul eater nor it had to be the best ending like code geass. I’d say pretty mid ending for a top tier anime I guess I expected the ending to live up to the ending. But overall nothing too deep just a normal ending I mean just because you didn’t had the best ending doesn’t mean you had a good story overall. And overall this anime is top of the list for me had so many good ...
I had my doubts at first but dang...... Ok, So I didn't think this would be my cup of tea but its fantastic. One of the few anime where I am watching the progress bar at the bottom hoping it won't end soon as I watch it. Why is that?. . The MC is great, She is passionate when she wants to be but has a cool collected head on her. Just the right amount of sarcasm when she can sneak it in. She's intelligent and doesn't do dumb things (So Far) that get me irritated.. . The supporting characters, They keep adding depth each episode. Characters I thought at ...
Here is my review of this anime in 2023!. . Story (8). The story is the continuation of the series it's only showing several scenes that are not included in the main story. The duration of the videos is short and it's engaging. A lot of comedy scenes in this side series.. . Art (10). The art in this anime is excellence! I like the color, glow, and shadow they were using for this anime. They also use a lot of animation than the static image which makes it more enjoyable to watch.. . Sound (10). All the sounds that they used were suitable and adjusted to the animation.. ...
A ten year long journey comes to an end. The first thought in my mind after watching the last episode was to start re-watching it from the start. This story was like no other. From the first lines in the first episode, the ending was already decided. There is so much depth and beautiful story telling in this series that I would recommend it to anyone. Thank you Hajime Isayama for this gift to all of us. Thank you Hajime Isayama for this gift to all of us. Thank you Hajime Isayama for this gift to all of us.Thank you Hajime Isayama for ...
This anime has two things going for it, but it does those two things so well that anything that isn't done as well in the show is easily forgiven.. . First, the production of this show is fantastic. The animation and soundtrack are both incredibly smooth. Obviously production isn't everything in a show, but having a show that is pleasant to watch is important so I feel it deserves fair recognition.. . More importantly than that, is the key aspect of this shows writing. The romance in this show is not its strong point, rather, it's the character development of the main character Miyo. This show is a ...
This was probably one of the funniest anime's I've seen in a long time. The characters were believable, and likeable, especially Yamada. It's a very real depiction of a teen remance. Clunky and awkward and uncertain and uncomfortable, but at the same time really exciting, and this anime has a lot of really cute moments between the two main characters. This anime often had me saying "Awww!" and then laughing my ass off 5 minutes later. Anyone who hasn't seen this anime yet, if you like raunchy humour as well as a bit of romance, you'll like this one. I absolutely, wholeheartedly positively recommend this ...
GOGETA! GOGETA! GOGETA! GO BROLY GO GO! GO BROLY GO GO! With banger music like this, how could you not enjoy Dragon Ball Super Broly! In all seriousness, Dragon Ball Super Broly is the best DBZ movie with gorgeous animation, perfect blend of CGI, and a rewarding 40-minute fight scene packed with intensity from the start. Unfortunately, the movie rehashes a storyline many DBZ fans already experienced, just tinkered a bit to fit the current era of Super. That being said, trudging along through the prologue is worth it from the first minute of the fighting onward. A must watch for ...
Finally, we can talk about Attack on Titan as a whole, a series that's been airing for 10 years now.. Well, it's time to lay it all out!. So, the first season of Attack on Titan is basically a build-up for the rest of the series but it's still an amazing shonen anime season on its own and a wonderful introduction to a much bigger narrative, while Season 2 is more of the same but with more focus on the characters.. Thankfully though, the first part of Season 3 is where the story slowly starts unfolding itself, while Season 3 Part 2 is the part that elevates the ...
I clicked on this by accident because I couldn’t see well and was like what is this goofy ahh thumbnail are these two sack of potatoes. . Best mistake ever! It's a lighthearted, mystery, thriller that seeks to unearth the past of these twins (Migi/Dali) all while juggling the secret there are two of them. Unusual twists and occasional moments of comedic relief that'll make you go "Oh", in hindsight.. . The twins are young, blunt, and somewhat naiive, and this story is how they are navigating throughout their world. Even though they have the same character design, you can quickly discern them by how they talk. The ...
Show does a really good job building off the previous arc. The new season explores deeper to each characters’ motivations and their relations to one another. Characters are motivated by loyalty and ties to certain people beget different outcomes. Compared to the first season, it’s closing in on a looming melancholous feel. A show that does a interesting job displaying the irrational whims, conflicting interests, regrets, pettiness, and the unrealized possibilities of relationships amongst eboy squads. . Though it’s a time travel anime, it’s not so much about the technicalities and physics of time travel, but rather using time travel to realize who and what you ...
After the ending of season 2 of "Code Geass: Hangyaku no Lelouch" it's comunity felt divided on the ending, whilst many didn't like it others said it was perfectly written. This movie, from my perspective, is above anything a way to fulfill the wishes of the fans that didn't like the ending of season 2 as this movie isn't canon, it is a filler alternative ending. This movie also serves as extra content for those who loved "Code Geass: Hangyaku no Lelouch" and specially it's cast. If you watched the two season and didn't particularly like it then this movie won't do much for you ...
Introduction:. . "Suzume no Tojimari" is another enchanting creation by the renowned director, Makoto Shinkai. As a fan of Shinkai's previous works like "Your Name" and "Weathering with You," I eagerly anticipated this film. Does it live up to the high standards set by its predecessors, or is it a misstep in Shinkai's career?. . Visuals and Animation:. . From the very start, "Suzume no Tojimari" immerses you in its mesmerizing world. The animation and visuals are a testament to Shinkai's exceptional talent. The attention to detail, from the decaying ruins to the otherworldly landscapes beyond the mysterious 'doors,' is simply awe-inspiring. Each scene is a work of art, and the ...
As the final credits rolled on the last episode of Attack on Titan, it felt as if I were parting with a piece of myself, a fragment of my very soul that grew in tandem with the lives of Eren, Armin, and Mikasa. For a decade, this wasn’t just an anime; it was a companion through my own metamorphosis, a mirror reflecting the tumultuous journey of coming of age.. . Hajime Isayama, you didn’t just create a world; you set a colossal narrative in motion that trampled the boundaries of imagination and expectation. I walked alongside these characters, my footsteps echoing in sync with theirs, through every ...
Attack on Titan was the reason many started watching anime including me.. . . The animation 10/10!!!!. Mappa outdid themselves with how busy they are with other projects so congrats and thank you for a job well done!. . The story 10/10!!!!!. Probably one of the best stories in anime history. . The music 10/10!!!!. ...
tl;dr: A fantasy anime that doesn't cut corners on any aspect. A sonic masterpiece.. . Frieren's narrative is the definition of a slow burn, and each episode subjectively stretches the length of its narrative to its comfortable limits. In most anime, that'd warrant docking a point, but Madhouse fleshed out each episode with absolute eye and ear candy to the point that a viewer can lose themselves in the episode and become unconscious of the time counter. Additionally, Evan Call's compositions so greatly embellish each episode that his artistic vision for the soundtrack goes beyond aligning itself with the animation; it lives within it. I've seen a ...
10 years.. one of the greatest animes ever made, what do I do now?... . Such a unique story, so unpredictable, art style as always is incredible, MAPPA really went above and beyond, very controversial ending but honestly I couldn't see it ending any other way, very bitter sweet but I loved every second of this show, 10/10.. . Honestly don't think there's going to be another anime like it, I know Hajime is probably going to be getting a lot of hate for the way he ended the series however I thought he did a terrific job with it, incredible writing, one of the most highly anticipated, unique ...
Wow! What an incredible anime. Thank you Isayama for this masterpiece. Attack on titan is hands down the best tv series I have ever seen let alone anime.. Everything about this anime is just perfect down to the storytelling, the characters and the character building, the foreshadowing and how it all links together, the score and music, and the writing. This anime has everything so if you are generally looking for something that will stick with you forever and to tell your kids about this is it.. I know this is just me praising aot and isn’t much of an articulated review, but that’s because ...
By far the best anime ever.. . most complete anime ever, with a fantastic soundtrack, very in-depth and memorable characters, and a fabulous narrative.. It was an amazing experience following this anime for 10 years.. . In Attack on Titan the story was well told, it seemed that everything that was done in the anime was meticulously done.. the soundtrack was a fundamental part of this anime; in sad moments the soundtrack enhanced the feeling of sadness and in moments of battles you would hear epic music.. Regarding the characters, I think most of them received the necessary credit, which led us to get more involved with the characters.. . Now talking more specifically ...
Migi and Dali. AT FIRST I thought it was a really dark anime with creepy and weird vibes. Although there is a hint of darkness to it, there are a lot of funny scenes and I think it's a really unique anime. To me it's similar to a comedy spy movie with just a touch of darkness and thrill. I also love the art style, when I read the manga and I learned that there was an anime, I thought the art style would be like those Junji Ito stories, but it was surprisingly brighter and better than I expected.Migi and Dali also surprisingly were ...
I think that some people are talking from nostalgia and liked the last episodes because they spent 10 years on this anime. I didn't, just around half of it but I have to admit, many anime series would like to have such a decent ending as AoT had.. . It's not sugar-coated, it's not either a sad ending that will disgust you and throw your enjoyment of some long series out of the window. I am glad we could make it with some other people and finish this amazing journey. AoT had its ups and downs but worked really well as suspense anime and since season 3 ...
Damn this movie was great, at first i really didnt have any idea what was going on, but I got more and more invested as the story progressed and for the movie only being 90 minutes (plus credits) I found the pacing to be actually quite good, movie kinda reminds me of serial experiments lain except I actually know whats going on (for the most part). the 90s anime art style also boosts this for me ngl, Batou was also a cool character. Highly recommend watching, especially if you enjoy 90s/early 2000s anime. Websites telling me this review needs more information so idk uh watch ...
I don't know if I have the exact words I want to put together for how much I love this series. A once in a lifetime, generational experience. I'm grateful to Isayama, WIT, Mappa and every single person that has ever worked on this series. From the amazing characters, OST, voice acting, animation, writing, ect.. I could gush on forever about my love for this series.. . Now that it's ended, I feel like I'm saying goodbye to piece of my life that I will always be grateful for. I will always carry a piece of this story with me for the rest of my life.
See you later, Eren. There will never be something like this again. I will carry this series, it's messages, themes, and ideas with me for the rest of my life. You should watch it. Your family should watch it. Your friends, acquaintances, coworkers. They should all partake in a once in a universe occurrence.. . For manga readers, many lines of dialogue that were considered tone deaf and or ill placed have been changed to be better fitting. The animation, excellent, audio and music, excellent, voice acting has been excellent. This was my second review, but to me, this will be the only review that will ever ...
The Apothecary Diaries (a.k.a. Kusuriya no Hitorigoto or The Pharmacist's Monologue) is truly a unique piece of work, particularly in its titular apothecary protagonist, who is an absolute delight to follow in her mad medicinal adventures.. . Though primarily a pseudo-historical mystery, Apothecary Diaries is an assortment of several genres that work very well together and has a great (if slightly odd) sense of humour. While initially episodic in nature, the stories tie in with each other quite nicely, focusing first on establishing the characters and their network of relationships, and gradually converging towards an overarching story. Maomao is a character like no other and it's always ...
One Punch Man is a must watch. When animation looks this good, you, as an anime fan, must experience it. Production value like this is why anime destroys most mediums. My brother and I binged S1 and S2 in a night, and S1 especially breezed by. Time flies when you're having fun. S1 is a ton of fun, with great fights throughout. The series has a good comedic touch as well. One thing you won't praise is a story, it lacks in that department, but everything else about the anime makes up for it. This is 4th ...
I don't remember the exact year, I was about eight or nine when my cousin told me about anime, back then I didn't know what it was I didn't really watch series either the only thing I knew were cartoons, so when he told me about it I was really interested but couldn't watch it at the time because I was in the village for summer, after returning back home I was super excited, I couldn't wait to start watching those weird cartoons he told me about, so I decided to start with the one he didn't talk much about I wanted to leave good ...
In expansive realm of anime where epic battles, supernatural phenomena, and fantastical worlds frequently take center stage, Kusuriya no Hitorigoto emerges as a gentle reminder that beauty experience can be found in simple life moment instead. It offers a unique blend of intrigue, herbal medicine relation, and palace politics due to tale combines elements of a historical setting which u can notice it with forbidden palace set up in Ming - Qing era.. . At the heart of this narrative is Maomao, a protagonist who has known suffering and hardship in her early life. Although Her introduction to the palace initially bad chance but its event ...
(Spoiler free). . Everyone, we've made it.. . The finale to a ten year journey that for some, (me included), sparked the fire that led them down an anime rabbit whole, and for the majority of others, changed the anime scape permanently for viewers all over the world.. . Renown for it's detailed character expression, MAPPA manages to convey all ounce of emotion seemlessly in the heart-wrenching ending. The music, the rendering, the panel shots and the motion all stay true to Isayama's work whilst also offering MAPPA's high quality touch. They never give less than their best, and that's evident in the final episodes.. . Thank you ...
Minor spoilers. . Anything I say about this anime won't do it justice. The puzzle of a plot is something you have to piece together, but the ride it takes you on is almost better. Serial Experiements Lain is at least a decade before its time offering commentary on what the internet can be used for or could become.. . I genuinely have no idea what was going on. I have my own interpretation but only watching it once but I'm sure it will change with every viewing or as I talk to others. Despite not knowing what happened this is actually one of the best parts. It provides ...
Makoto Shinkai is one of my favourite animation directors of this generation. The Garden of Words, Your Name and Weather with You were all stellar movies. Of course, I was massively looking forward to Suzume! Does this live up to his previous movies or is this finally a dude in his resume?. . Let's get the obvious out of the way first. The animation is still as gorgeous as ever. There are still many beautiful shots that are just jaw-dropping. You can clearly see the amount of detail in drawing and animating many of the scenes. The cinematography is just breathtaking and the otherworldly scenes are just ...
After watching the amazing Japanese animation movie "Your Name", I've wanted to watch director Makoto Shinkai's next work. The premise is simple and it's about "A boy runs away to Tokyo and befriends a girl who appears to be able to manipulate the weather". So is the movie another hit from the director or a flop?. . Let's get obvious out the way but the animation and art style is still absolutely gorgeous. There are so many shots in this movie that are visually stunning and is done with meticulous detail. The animation team somehow made the rain looks dazzling in different ways, sometimes foreboding and sometimes ...
I personally enjoyed it thoroughly.. . Animation: 9/10. Plot: 7.5/10 (Since it is only starting out, can guarantee that it gets better and better.). Characters: 8.5/10 (The mc is hilarious). Music: 6.5/10. Webnovel Adaption: 8.5/10 (Was a solid adaptation, didn't overlook anything substantial.). . Compared to a lot of other chinese animations where the dialogue just flys by and makes it hard to understand what is happening, First Order was a lot more tame and would be a good watch.. . I love the Webnovel and will have to say that they delivered very well. The animation was great overall, but phenomenal in some places especially with the backgrounds and man did the wolves ...
Wow, I just watched it again and it blew my mind, mate. The art, the ambiance, the use of silences is just perfect, pure cinema, folks. This work is not just an anime, it’s a true masterpiece of cinema. The way silences are used to convey emotions is so beautiful and touching, and whenever one of these scenes happen, it makes me feel like I’m there with the characters. Each scene is so well-crafted and executed with amazing precision. The art and ambiance are so stunning, creating an atmosphere that totally immerses you in the story. It’s a cinematic experience that leaves you speechless and ...
It's truly a remarkable time to be alive when one of the standout anime of 2023 is themed around oriental culture. Kusuriya no Hitorigoto is an enchanting anime that excels in multiple aspects, from its engaging characters to its exceptional music, stunning artwork, superb voice acting, and clever humor. And to top it off, Kusuriya no Hitorigoto's main character is somewhat cat-like?! (ΦωΦ).. . This anime stands as a testament to excellence, consistently exceeding expectations. The interactions among the characters are not only entertaining but also filled with depth and charm. The ambiance, aesthetics, and music of the show are undeniably captivating. The incorporation of a distinct ...
Hearing about Apothecary Diaries for the first time about a month or so ago, I didn't really give it much thought, other than hearing it was from OLM and that preview visuals were pretty impressive at first glance. Upon giving it a shot... good god it flew up my personal list at the speed of LIGHT, I am in love with this show.. . If you want the short version, simply go to the enjoyment part of this review. . Story 10/10:. The plot itself gets going really quickly, to a comically whimsical degree despite the horrible circumstances in the reality of the situation. Every episode has its own ...
A Missed Opportunity Yet Worth Watching. . With the background of a popular mobile game, the hype and anticipation of a series that would depict and expand upon the world of Terra was high. However, the anime struggles to tell the game’s narrative and lore.. The transition from game to anime often presents an opportunity to retouch the story for dramatic effect. However, the anime remains content with a straightforward translation, neither significantly improving upon the narrative nor offering new insights. It skips the chance to integrate various storylines parallel to the main one, which would have made for a more nuanced and engaging plot. While it pays ...
This anime is the third series of Love Live franchise. But you can't really call it the sequel to the previous one. This one feels like its a spin off. They didn't follow the usual emotional story. This is how you expect an idol anime to be about. Just an anime filled with content that related to idol. And not an anime that filled with heavy drama. I mean Nijigasaki is created for a mobile games at first, so it would be logical if they want to invite gamer viewer into the idol genre. As a long fan of the LL franchise, I got a ...
In a couple hours the last episode of Shingeki no Kyojin will air, and I have no words. This was one of my first anime and was the one that really got me into watching it. The last episode of the first season had just come out when i started watching, when a friend had recommended it to me. The experience of watching the first episode is something that I wish I could experience again, the colours, the animation, the story telling, the soundtrack and the end of the episode got me on the edge of my seat. And with that I continued watching this ...
Some context about me : I was about 10 years old when the Pokemon show first started and keep good memories about it, also because of the games. But as i was getting older i kinda gave up somewhere around the third cycle (diamond/pearl). I tried watching it again, but let's face it the show is really childish and repetitive, with little to no character development. I don't know if that's the case for the last cycles as well as i never fully committed but it looked like it too.. . With Ash gone i decided to give the show an other chance and i'm glad i ...
Honestly a dark horse. Very unique story so far, a darker anime world than you would think.. . First 15 minutes of the episode is your traditional isekai, o I woke up as a pig this is how I died, then it actually hooks you in with the story and world.. . If you like funny dialog and that revolves around more story than action this is a good anime. Somehow keeps you wanting to watch til the next episode.. . This is not a pump randomly pumped out isekai like Reincarnated as a vending machine that I dropped after two episodes.. . If you like the isekai genre, you should like ...
Why is this movie hated so much?. I mean, yeah, it doesn’t have the best graphics, but overall it's a really good movie.. . Plot 9/10. . At first I thought it's because of the low expectations because of the rating and overall hate, but I thought it was really good. So I watched it again. And again. And I still think the plot is interesting. The only confusing thing there is the ending. I think I should remind to some people that it's made for kids. You can't expect the plot to be complicated. Yes the plot is simple, but really fun to watch.. . Characters 7/10. . I have ...
Honestly this is one of the best anime shows ive ever watched ands its very rare i ever give a 10 out of 10 especially since its still coming out weekly. Its so good in fact its prompted me to write a review after episode 9 and no anime has ever made me want to write one before as this is the first ive ever wrote lmao. The story telling is amazing since the start it caused me to become emotional after the first episode and i think thats telling to how good it is if it can create such emotion with the characters after ...
Out of all things I've never thought of completing one anime that was able to piss me off throughout the entire show, yet still praise it for many things.. . If you watch this anime with the full expectation that it's a wholesome Yuri anime, keep that down. Every character here is fully 'straight'. I put in quotation here as it's true all the relationships here are heterosexual, but some may call it queerbait which is entirely false. Still, would 100% recommend it to you all as this is the most realistic depiction of romance I've seen, and that's what makes it great.. . "Compulsory heterosexuality, often shortened to ...
eps 6 now. well let me retract my statement before, seems was confused and mixed up with other anime i watch. the list is not updated yet so there still mixed up there and there. Story wise good. the premises harem and 100 gf is quite fresh. because before usually the main protag only ends up with 5 or sth. i based it all on the anime where the episode ends, not the LN or manga. if both of the versions is still recurring well i dont pay attention to it. unless it left special impressions like frieren (any genre also)then i wont seek ...
Introduction:. . "Your Name." is a cinematic masterpiece that transcends the boundaries of animation. Directed by Makoto Shinkai, this anime film has taken the world by storm, captivating audiences with its unique blend of romance, fantasy, and a profound exploration of the human connection. This is a cinematic experience that leaves an indelible mark on your heart.. . Overall Rating:. . Rating: 10/10. . "Your Name." is nothing short of a work of art. This enchanting tale unfolds with breathtaking visuals and an emotionally charged narrative. It defies expectations, taking the audience on a journey of self-discovery and love that transcends time and space. The film is a poignant and visually stunning masterpiece ...
The only anime i feel in this season that is top-notch. Don't get me wrong, i watch all others and this season filled up with good series. but this is the only anime i feel has the oomph factor. graphically good, up until the latest episode the quality doesn't decrease. arty music and animations and the story up to this point is still soothing. based on curiosity, i've seen also the light novel/manga after watching the series, and up to this point is animated well. i am actually watch anime first then the manga or LN type of person so there's that.. . the ...
I wish I could rate it higher, but I just cannot. All the issues with the first season are multiplied in the second. Among the notable ones, the length of the season, bad writing, unnecessary characters, unbearable personalities and worst of all; how badly the show lost its vision.. . Let’s start with the positives though. The most obvious indicators of low quality work were not present. The issue with the voices was resolved, and it seemed just a little more effort went into the faces and art. Of course some characters still don’t have eyes, but you can’t have it all.. . And now the long list of ...
This show- nay this shouldn't even be called a mere "show" anymore for it has reach a point where the term "show" alone is not enough to clearly describe this piece of media. this was an experience. I felt like i have just witnessed the creation of the universe itself each episode alone could be adopted into movies no.. Even movies alone wouldn't capture a fraction of its true beauty you would need to create a whole Religion to even comprehend a small portion of its true beauty, the people that have worked on this expetience clearly understand what is perfection and how to create ...
I was pleasantly surprised by The Legendary Hero is Dead.. . When I started watching The Legendary Hero is Dead, I didn't have high expectations. Honestly, I thought it would be a good "snack" while I waited for a new season of a better anime.. . Fortunately, I was wrong. While The Legendary Hero is Dead is not a masterpiece, it is definitely a pleasant story that will make you have a much better time than you expected.. . This anime has a well-made, well-constructed, and well-narrated story. You will not find any clichés. Instead, you will have interesting people with great personalities who will have something unexpected to tell you ...
Eden Zero is arguably the most underrated anime of the decade. It is a work of art that has all the hallmarks of a classic.. . First, it has an intriguing and captivating story. Second, Eden Zero boasts top-notch storytelling. I can't recall a single episode that felt filler or unnecessary; the author didn't waste time with empty fluff.. . Third, all of the characters are well-developed. There are no clichés here, only great stories and development.. . The defining feature of Eden Zero is that every episode has something interesting, intriguing, and exciting to offer. Additionally, the show masterfully manipulates the audience's emotions. In each chapter, you'll feel the tension ...
"Shokugeki no Souma" serves up a spicy dish mixing culinary brilliance and a hint of ecchi. The show's all about cooking, right? But it's more than that - it's a journey, a tasty adventure through the kitchen!. . Now, the story might feel a bit familiar, like your favorite recipe, you know? But that doesn't take away the excitement, especially when it comes to the cooking showdowns and Souma's quest to become a top chef. It's like a comfort meal - you know what to expect, but it still hits the spot!. . The art style? It's a feast for the eyes! When they dish out those foodgasms, it's ...
I’ll just get the obvious out of the way: THERE IS SO MUCH MORE TO A STORY THAN THE QUALITY OF ITS PRODUCTION!. . Plot: 9/10. The story being told here was lovely, well-written, and almost perfectly explained, putting even some high-budget pieces (still looking at you, Makoto “who cares about making Hina’s powers consistent or logical in any capacity?” Shinkai) to absolute shame with its competence.. . Characters: 8/10. Orine and her mother are both reasonably well developed characters, but I do have to dock a couple of points since the side characters (particularly the Dr. and that other lady) didn’t receive that same treatment.. . Animation: 3/10. Yeah, I’m not even going ...
"Call of the Night" is a series that challenges the conventions of the vampire genre, taking the reader into uncharted territory. The story follows Ko Yamori, a normal student who immerses himself in a world of nocturnal creatures when he encounters Nazuna, a young vampire. The plot offers an in-depth exploration of themes such as identity, friendship, and love, all within an intriguing and mysterious atmosphere.. . A notable aspect of 'Call of the Night' is how the technical department has managed to capture the essence of the night in an engaging way. Skillful use of photography contributes to creating an authentic and mysterious atmosphere, which is ...
"Dragon Ball GT" indeed has a polarizing reception among fans due to its departure from the preceding Dragon Ball series, and your insights offer a comprehensive view of its strengths and weaknesses.. . The story in "Dragon Ball GT" introduced a unique perspective by exploring the Dragon Ball universe in a different manner. The mystical escapades and initial setup with Goku, Pan, and Trunks were indeed intriguing and served as an exciting entry point for newcomers. While some aspects of the storyline became somewhat predictable, the series could still maintain interest due to its genre and the thrill of exploring new planets and facing adversaries.. . The art style ...
"How Heavy Are The Dumbbells You Lift?" presents a unique blend of fitness, comedy, and motivational elements within the anime landscape. While the overall narrative might follow a somewhat predictable trajectory, the show's execution and the genre's set-up keep it enjoyable, especially for those who appreciate this particular combination of themes.. . The art style aligns well with the story. The vibrant, colorful, and detailed animation not only captures the essence of the characters but also accentuates the fitness and comedic aspects. It adds a lively and engaging visual element that complements the energetic theme of the series.. . The characters in the show are notably well-rounded. Each character ...
"Science Fell in Love, So I Tried to Prove It" indeed offers a unique and refreshing take on the romance genre by infusing it with scientific inquiry. The story's premise is relatively unique, as it follows two adult scientists applying scientific methodologies to decipher the complexities of love. While the overarching narrative might adhere to some romantic comedy tropes, the approach of dissecting love scientifically provides a fresh angle that appeals to fans of the genre. The predictability might not detract from the enjoyment, as the execution and the analytical perspective keep it engaging.. . The art style complements the story well. It's bright, colorful, and character ...
Okay, fellow anime lovers, listen up! "Shikimori's Not Just a Cutie" is an absolute gem of a romantic comedy that's like a cozy hug for your heart. It's like living in a world where love is as perfect as a perfectly drawn manga panel.. . Shikimori adores Izumi, and guess what? Izumi loves her back just as much! No over-the-top drama, no crazy misunderstandings, just pure, unadulterated affection. It's like something out of our wildest anime dreams.. . Sure, in real life, love can be a rollercoaster of emotions and insecurities, but in this show, they keep it simple, and I couldn't help but fall in love with it! ...
"Hellsing Ultimate" is a series that adapts Kōta Hirano's manga "Hellsing," published from 1998 to 2008. The series tells the story of the Hellsing organization, which fights against vampires and other supernatural creatures threatening England. The protagonist is Alucard, a powerful vampire in the service of Lady Integra Hellsing, the current leader of the "monster and vampire slaying" organization.. . The series is known for its horror and action style, with splatter and violent scenes, as well as moments of black humor. Alucard is a charismatic and ruthless character, but also loyal and devoted to his mistress Integra. The series also explores the relationship between Alucard and ...
"Death Parade" is an anime that addresses the themes of life and death with a fantastic sensitivity and poetry. It's not a story of heroes, anti-heroes, and villains but of human beings with their emotions, secrets, and choices. Each episode introduces us to two people who awaken in a mysterious bar called Quindecim, where they are greeted by Decim, a white-haired, blue-eyed bartender with a cross in the center. Decim is one of the judges who decide the fate of souls after death by forcing them to participate in a random game that tests their nature and morality. However, these two people have no memory ...
Koe no Katachi is a really great movie, but there's something I didn't get. I mean, it's all about Shouko, right? She's such a nice girl, but I don't understand why she doesn't talk. Like, if she just talked, everything would be way easier, you know? The story is all about how people should be kind to each other, and I totally get that part. I love how the main character, Shouya, tries to make up for what he did when they were kids. But still, Shouko not talking seems kinda strange to me. Maybe it's because of something that happened when they were younger, ...
Highly recommended. If you love anime with loads of twists this is def for you. It's a vr type anime but it doesn't stay limited to vr (similar to sao but better imo) at least better than the first couple seasons. I seriously highly recommend at least giving it a chance and you may be plesantly surprised.. . I was at first expecting something very similar to sao but it ended up not being like sao at all later on in the story.. The 12 episode season covered all the material from the manga so you won't have to wait for another season. The art style fits the ...
One might not think of much from yet another Overpowered MC Isekai, yet it is endearing in its own way and gets enough of the fundamentals correct as to be more enjoyable than most. I'd even go so far as to call it underrated.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 6/10. -----------------------------------------------. . One has to be honest here, the show isn't impressive. The art style has a bit of a sloppy feel to it, which to be fair, is kinda endearing, but ultimately does scream low budget. The animations are similarly of low quality. The strongest point for the show are the character expressions, which get ...
Shugo Chara! is quite a handful to talk about. So many elements of the season (nay, the series) can be seen from just these 51 episodes, and to truly break it down in a few sentences isn't really possible. Things are handled so drastically different that in my opinion, Shugo Chara's characters and plot pretty much stand on their own spectrums.. . To start with, Shugo Chara's plot is arguably its weakest element. The plot is barely held together by a monster-of-the-week format. The execution and method chosen to do this, while weak, is incredibly effective in a symbolic way; using eggs as a metaphor for childhood ...
Do make sure to start with the prologue.. . Wow. Suisei no Majo, Witch of Mercury really blew me away. The 2020's are only beginning and still, they seem to be awash with amazing advances in anime. Animation and sound are all extremely on point.. . What I really enjoy about GWM is just how character driven it is. While that's in mny ways true of all Gundam series, in this case, it's not just one characters philosophical ideas being put to the test, but their emotions reach new depths in GWM. Animation of emotions and subtleties betwixt characters is extraordinary. I have to say, this carries ...
If you've read a bad review about this anime, I can say after reading them, they are wrong and inaccurate.. . Dr Ramune is a compelling selfless character who is not afraid to express himself while brimming with sympathy for his patients. At his core, he wants to understand his patients so he can properly cure them from the mysterious disease while simultaneously mending any messed up happenings to those characters. It feels authentically human, wholesome, and relaxing.. . This anime has many clever ingenious moments where your mind is blown while at the same time has diverse creative elements put into it. I'm very intrigued by ...
MADHOUSE has been putting on another great show here and I can't keep quiet any longer. This show exudes an eccentric animation artistic style with a color palette that is very easy on the eyes and has fantastic behind-the-scenes direction.. . The main characters are very charismatic and the way they interact with each other is wonderfully hilarious, you really need to watch it to understand what I'm talking about. The design is also very beautiful and very well detailed, you can see that there is a lot of greed behind this project. Most studios nowadays prefer to simplify the design of anime to obtain better movement ...
This is a simple Slice of Life anime.. . Plot. Our MC works in a really bad company, where the manager abuses our MC to the extreme. Now, he changes to a new company and this is where we meet the rest of our cast. Our MC's new manager is clumsy and that leads to a lot of cute and funny moments. He is also really nice and makes our MC feel comfortable. This will be the start of the journey where our MC slowly heals his past trauma and starts finding happiness in his career again.. . Characters. As expected in a SoL, all characters are super nice. Learning ...
In my eyes, Frieren is such a nice breath of fresh air in the anime world. Up until the anime dropped on Crunchyroll I personally have heard nothing about it at all, so this comes to me like nice surprise find. It is relaxing to watch, more importance is put on character moments than fights, and the main trio has a really nice balance of personalities. All of the characters feel very human (even if they aren't) and grounded in reality. The animation is really nice to look at, as is the overall style in my opinion. I love the character designs overall, even (or ...
Mushoku Tensei: Jobless Reincarnation has certainly caught a lot of eyes lately, and for good reason. The first season was fantastic, with wonderful characters, a strong basis to the story, and a fast paced plot that moved us from place to place. Season 2 changes a few things up and while the base is still there, there are some minor bumps along the way.. . Story & Characters: Mushoku Tensei: Jobless Reincarnation Season 2 sets us up with Rudeus, heading to the northern towns where he hopes to get some leads on his missing mother, Zenith. It's here that he decides to set up ...
What to say about this masterpiece? Haruhi Suzumiya's film is incredible, I would even say that it is much better produced than the anime series, which is also very good. The theme of melancholy and nostalgia present for those who watch the anime nowadays also makes its presence felt in the film, in addition to the excellent development of the characters, especially Haruhi and Kyon. The animation is very well produced and in the same style present in Kyoto Animation's anime, especially in anime from the 2000s to the early 2010s. Anyway, what I can say is that I would recommend this film to anyone, ...
Suzumiya Haruhi no Yuuutsu is an anime with a unique and nostalgic feeling when someone watches it for the first time these days, as it has aspects that bring together slice of life, school life, comedy and even science fiction, especially due to the adventures of Haruhi Suzumiya and the Brigade SOS. A great classic from Kyoto Animation and it is an anime that shows many of the aspects presented in the anime produced by the studio, the nostalgic and unique aspect is something that catches my attention, it seems that you want to see more episodes of the anime as soon as you finish ...
Studio 4c, MADHOUSE. Satoshi Kon and Otomo. My personal favorites, all collectively showcasing their talents in 3 short stories. Screenplay and animation is an enjoyment from start to finish. If at the very least you enjoy 90s animation at all and never heard of the above names, this will be a memorable experience regardless. && even they also have more famous titles under their belt (Akira, Perfect Blue, etc). I would argue this is far better for sharing and introducing friends and family, you don’t have to grudgingly sit through an entire season or a movie. So you won’t feel bad for recommending lol. Even ...
Mushoku Tensei’s second season was the anime I’d been patiently waiting for ever since part two of the first season finished airing. This show is one of my favorite isekai of all time as well as being the best Isekai of Summer 2023. This is due to the fact it doesn’t abandon who the main character was before being isekai’d and found a balance between having a strong protagonist and obstacles that are difficult to overcome. The second season wasn’t the insane follow up to where we’d left off in the story some might’ve wanted, but was an important opportunity for Rudeus to look inward ...
For Akio Ohtsuka 10/10. Normally I don't like animation like this, but I watched it for Akio Ohtsuka and the voice actors of the other characters were also great. The plot and the ending were better than I expected. I don't know about the games and I only watched it because it was an anime. I definitely recommend it. It's a historical anime set in the Edo period and it has Miyamoto Mushashi and Sasaki Kojiro. Although it resembles Dororo a bit, it is a shorter anime and has a different style.. . I also pleased with the finale, but it ended as if there was going ...
Great anime with good character setting. Plotline is good as only few animes try this road. As you would expect from a orignal the ending is sad I think. . Story progress was the only flaw because. The anime started with introducing the villain female pirate, Shin and many others you would think that the battle will be 3 arcs or so for but their ends were far too disappointing.. From what I could think of as the reason for this is that they thought they could give the series a 24/26 episode cour but due to some unforeseen circumstances had to cut down the episodes because despite the abrupt ...
Okay so this is probably a long overdue review since this anime has been out for 10 years now but I figured now is a best as time as any to write this review.. As of this writing, The Final episode of Attack on Titan is just a day away, So let's begin.. . My review might be a bit biased too since I've been watching this series since its premiere in 2013.. So its a series I cherish tbh.. . Story : I'm sure everyone who has even seen a little bit of this series will know just how masterful the story writing is. Isayama introduced such a bold ...
Man the story maybe mid but the fan service for fans who watch gridman from Tokusatsu series and watch gridman and dynazenon is gonna more happy about this movie the action is so good the music is God and the love story is Perfect art style much good the 2d and 3d balance the animation and fight make 3d make the fight like the Tokusatsu series i enjoy this series like i enjoy watch gridman and dynazenon in the end this series must have sekuel because they have own universe them self to explore i want Tsuburaya to make Collaboration with Ultraman Netflix that gonna ...
This series was really fun, but the production schedule + airing dates for it were so drawn out and confusing that watching it as it came available caused me to forget about it completely so it's taken me until now to finally get around to finishing it. Of course that's not at all helped by this being a Netflix anime in the US, which is probably one of the last place I go to get my anime.. Plot-wise I found this series pretty entertaining, but I was really hoping for a reunion between Uncle and his former Isekai pals towards the end somehow... we need ...
After revisiting this show and never really getting I feel like I understand it a little more. I never got the comedy aspect of the show. Or at least the lack of a drama tag. This show is crushing at times, it'll pick you up and slam you down harder than you thought it would. It takes you through the feeling of falling in love and making something work with someone. Hikigiya is a very relatable character for many of us, maybe not in execution but in isolation his feelings and his loneliness come through to the viewer. He slowly but surely falls in love ...
This series has surprises in store, even as it throws in a few familiar faces to keep things grounded. It also features some stellar animation in its fight scenes and backgrounds, really showcasing the budget A-1 Pictures brought to bear, even if it still feels a far cry from the many strengths of Ufotable's run with the series. It doesn't help that, during some of its quieter moments, this series makes some really odd and off-putting animation choices, and I just generally find it hard to get used to the way they've designed faces. Maybe that's just me.. . Anyway, with a 55 minute runtime, this was ...
It is so good that it gave me an minor existential crisis and then made me cry in the first episode. A wonderful story about appreciating life and the little moments in it. A big message that I got from this anime is that it isn't about the destination but the journey and memories one makes while getting there. Join Frieren, an Elf that lives too long, as she travels the land with her new apprentice with the goal of collecting various spells and watch Frieren as she re-learns the beauty in meeting new people and remembering her past travel companions. A story about accepting ...
I watch again all Initial D season for maybe the 20th time, but here my reviews because i will say what i didn't like, Takumi is a VERY GOOD characters, as a MC he's cool, lunatics and really want to improve and i love it.. And also he's shy which is very cute.. sadly other characters are very bad, his girlfriend is good, (beside the story with sugar daddy).. But like a lot of people i HATE Itsuki, he's just annoying, at a moment he want to see takumi win and beside insult him of monster (in a bad way not a good way) say that ...
I watched this anime on my 9 hour plane rides and I couldn't have been more happier to had downloaded Kimi ni Todoke to watch. It was such a bubbly and cute anime that I couldn't help laugh, smile and want to cry in the plane everytime!. . Lets get some reviews out the way, the storyline and the plot of the anime is pretty much a beautiful progression of a student. The way they played it out was very cute and exactly how I would have hoped it would work out for her. The characters all had their own unique characteristic to them and brought out ...
I am beyond surprised that Capcom actually gave Onimusha to a team that cares about the source material that they are adapting. This, in my opinion, is an amazing adaptation with superbly choreographed fight scenes and plenty of likable character moments.. . The only shred of hope I had for this adaptation came from the fact that Takashi Miike was at the helm of the production as director and he is most likely the reason why action scenes look as amazing as they do. I think on its own, the show is still good, but as an adaptation of Onimusha, it is great.. . Animation:. To start ...
What a good anime, wonderful message, with an ending that closes perfectly and leaves you with a feeling between satisfied and empty, an overwhelming development in all the characters.. In my opinion it is a work that has everything good, I know that many will not like it because of the pace or because it does not have epic fights, but the story is exquisite.. How the stories of the different characters are managed to fit together and how the story requires your attention for you to understand it but does not require a brilliant eye to understand it is one of the things that fascinates me ...
My review of Yes! PreCure 5. . . Yumehara Nozomi aka Cure Dream is a caring individual with a big heart and a bright perspective. While realizing she may not be talented or have any usable skills, she makes up for it by being very friendly and kind towards others, even her enemies. A bit of a late thinker, she sometimes gets distracted and She is also childish, loud, and clumsy, and does not seem to make decisions rationally. . Kasugano Urara aka Cure Lemonade bit materialistic, but calm and polite, Urara is naturally cheery and sweet, but while she normally shows this to others without hesitation, she ...
My Review of We are Pretty Cure. . Misumi Nagisa aka Cure Black is a Tom boy of the two who great at sports but not at anything else , she the leader , and was the best part of the show for me , she the star lacrosse player at Verone Academy. . . Yukishiro Honoka aka Cure White is the Yang to Nagisa Ying , so she bad at sports but good at Science, and is smarter than her Jet Black Counterpart , and her parents aren’t always around with her. . The plot is about the Prism Stones to put into the ...
This series (the anime at least) is my go to example for a great concept done horribly wrong. Maybe that’s a bit too harsh, but it’s because of how much this series let me down. In short, this series is about revenge, it asks the question, “if you could send someone you hate to hell, at the cost of also sending yourself to hell after you die, would you?”. Sounds enticing doesn’t it? It portrays this question through letting people access a website at a certain time, then receiving a doll with a red string. If the string is pulled, their victim of choice is ...
What do you get when you combine idols and the romance of the three kingdoms? A clusterfuck presumably right? Wrong, you get a fun romp of Koumei from the Three Kingdoms being isekai’d into modern day Japan. With a mission to make aspiring idolstar, Eiko, world famous. Since he believes her songs have the power to bring world peace. The series reminded me of another series called “Beck: Mongolian Chop Squad” in more ways than one. How did it do that? And was this anime able to keep such a ludicrous concept interesting throughout its run?. . I’m unfamiliar with the Romance of Three-Kingdoms and Chinese history ...
I was not expecting to enjoy this movie as much as I did. In fact, I wasn’t expecting to watch this at all. I went to my local movie theater with the intent of watching Fortune Favors Lady Nukiko, and if you’re curious about my opinion on that film then you can read my review and analysis for it. However, this is all about the unexpected bonus that accompanied the film called,”Deiji Meets Girl”. Did I stumble across an amazing series, or was it nothing but another brick in the wall?. . For starters, this film isn’t even a film at all. Rather it’s a collection of ...
‘IMPROOVMENT’ is a phrase often used to demean others who might be more than pedantic in improving themselves. I always disregarded that insult as there’s not enough people motivated to improve themselves or the world around them. Though being so caught up in your image and how you look to others can become unhealthy, there is nothing wrong with doing good for yourself. But what happens when you’ve finally reached the top? You did the time, you reaped all the rewards, and your help isn’t needed anymore. What do you do then? This show tries to find the answer to that question and many more. ...
I was thoroughly confused by Macross before sinking my teeth into the series. You’re telling me that these aliens, who are giant humanoid creatures, are usually, there’s exceptions, tamed and turned vulnerable through the power of Japanese pop idols and mechs that resemble a fighter jet with human limbs? Frankly, I was sold because that sounds like the sickest shit ever. My first exposure to this franchise was watching the original series, SDF-Macross from 1982. It’s one of my all time favorite mecha series, and I loved everything about it. The larger than life robot fights, aliens (zentradi), personalities, drama, and the music. The song ...
Review summary: Fantastic MAPPA art work. The story is difficult to understand. But a story you can't get anywhere else.. Who should see it: Interested in story that closed space and feelings. Or People who have seen Mari Okada's past works.. . (+) Fantastic Art Work. Produced by MAPPA. The worldview, the description of the steel mill, the expressions of the characters, everything was wonderful. If you've seen the trailer, Fantastic Art work continues from beginning to end. If you know MAPPA, I would recommend watching the movie.. This story is set in January 1991. I'm glad that the scenery from my childhood has been clearly captured in a movie. ...
I came out watching the first Macross Frontier (the False Songstress) pleasantly surprised and thoroughly satisfied. I wasn’t expecting much, and as long as the movie delivered huge mechs, jets with big arms making big explosions, idol performances, and a love triangle I’d be happy. Suffice to say the film did just that, but left on an open ended note, and I found out that there was actually a sequel film. And this time, it deviated even more from the anime tv-series than the first movie. Not that it really mattered much since I’ve yet to watch the anime tv series. But knowing that served ...
Right off the bat, I was confused at how this show garnered so much attention so fast. In fact, I initially wrote it off as a flavor of the month show and one that would serve as many’s only anime of the season they’d tune in for. However before watching I decided to read the source material and was pleased with art, message, characters, and story. Then I’d tune in each week for the new episode and always looked forward to it. It wasn’t my personal highlight of the week, but it was a nice edition and I always had a cunning, dastardly smirk while ...
A lot of romcom manga has been coming as of late, and it’s great! But it can be a bit formulaic at times. Heard this one before? The cast is quirky and the socially inept boy has the highschool’s hottest girl teasing him. What does she see in him? Doesn’t matter, the point is, he's like us spergs, but managed to hit the jackpot. Anyways this will go on for at 100 chapters, gets an anime adaption, and it’s great. The Mangaka can finally eat more than one small meal a day, and more fans are introduced to the series. Fast forward one year later, ...
This goes for all seasons and the movie, this show is cute, fun and adorable through and through. Can the series be repetitive? Yes, but I’d like to clarify that season 3 alone does so many unique twists on the otherwise routine nature of the show that you should watch the first two seasons for season 3 alone. From having a majority of an episode going completely silent, to putting our cast in a school play, wavy hallucinations and dreams you cannot differentiate from reality. So you find the mind games played between Nishikita and Takagi a little tiresome, alright. Then you might find the ...
MMM SO GOOD! Is what I thought when looking at the trailer for this movie. Not only did the food entice me, but I also found the visuals and vagueness of the plot quite engrossing. For my first time watching an anime film in a local theater, I must say, I was thoroughly delighted with my experience. If you have family members that you feel make it their mission to embarrass you and are looking for a film that empathizes with you, look no further than Fortune Favors Lady Nukiko. So, is this film all that I’m talking it up to be, or were my ...
Knowing the magnitude and reputation of Ghibli's track record I was expecting something deep, nuanced, and filled with double meanings that’d make a second viewing experience necessary (I actually saw this film twice now and plan on a third at some point soon). But to my surprise this was a very light hearted and fun adventure romp. Think of an Alice in Wonderland, but where everyone is a cat and there’s no scary acid trip montage at the end. The film follows Haru, a highschool student, who one day saves a cat from a speeding car. It just so happens that this cat is a ...
This is the direct sequel to Mobile Suit Gundam ZZ despite having nothing to do with that series. Instead the story focuses on (coolest of the cool) Char on a mission to remove humans off of Earth with his favorite frenemy Amuro Ray, who's trying to put an end to Char’s mission of eradicating life off of Earth. When watching this film, I watched it the day after I finished ZZ, so the change back into a more serious tone was just as jarring as when I started ZZ. And not just that, but we’re thrown back in the classic, tried and true rivalry between ...
The butterfly effect, any and every action, no matter the size, has a ripple effect larger than you can imagine. Every good and bad thing we do, has a ripple effect. It impacts us, those around us, and the world at large. But most importantly, it determines the trajectory of events to follow. Even the smallest alterations to our pasts can have a huge impact on our future. Enter Satoru, a failed mangaka tasked with going back in time to prevent the murder of his mom, three young kids, and the incarceration of a victim who was framed for murder. Just how well does Erased ...
Not to sound like a deranged six year old but if you like planet sized robots with guns, bazookas, lightsabers, canons, jet packs, lasers, that can also fight in hand to hand combat then screw this review and pick this up. Forget the fact that it’s made in 1979, because this cinematic masterpiece holds up to this day. This has it all: mecha, love, characters, weird acid trips, family drama, Char, and military tactics that anyone could desire in a Gundam show. I’m talking scenes filled with so much war and space jargon that you’ll be fluent in the language of Spacenoid by the end ...
This goes for both seasons.. . I hate economics, but I love Spice and Wolf. I love the idea that if I become a spirit one day, I can acquire so much vast knowledge about the world of trading and economics that living will never be an issue. And then, just totally forgo all the knowledge I’ve obtained and had a part in controlling, to leech off a husbando generation after generation. Holo is wise, even as a goddess, what's the fun of living if you don’t have some stakes involved, and what’s a better way of doing that than attaching yourself to a traveling merchant ...
When thinking about the past, we often either exaggerate or ignore certain aspects. Whether that’s dramatizing a petty event, or waxing poetic about receiving a participation trophy. It’s hardly intentional, it’s just a fault of our minds amassing so much information over time that certain life events may get foggy. However Only Yesterday does none of that, it harpoons the most uncomfortable, tragic, and awkward situations of our childhood. And yet it displays the beauty of separating yourself from your trauma and how to utilize it to evolve as a human. So how does ‘Only Yesterday’ manage to portray and vindicate my adolescent self like ...
Saying this show subverted my expectations is an understatement. “Then why is it so middle of your list then?” Because I wish it had gotten more episodes, but we will be forever stuck with 12. It’s a shame that this series is largely ignored due to a variety of reasons that almost turned me off from watching it. For starters the show is CG, yikes. But after watching the first episode, I was surprised how decent it looked and how natural it felt. It wasn’t anything bad like Berserk or Ex-Arm, nor was it on a level like HnK or Beastars. Its CG worked very ...
The amount of talent it takes to get a message across such as environmentalism, without being too “preachy” that it annoys viewers, must be exponential. As an advocate for nature, I personally don’t mind a message that’s blunt and to the point. As long as at least one person gets the intended message. Though that’s not to say that I can’t appreciate a more nuanced approach. In fact, I’d argue that it’s this method that appeals to most and doesn’t turn people off. Leave it to Studio Ghibli to craft a beautiful work of art that harpoons its pro-environmental message into the viewer’s hearts and ...
A highly controversial series that manages to be one of my all time favorite anime. Some phrases I’ve heard people describe this anime are pretentious, confusing, and poorly written. Time and time again I’ve made it my duty to dispel these claims. For it’s an impeccable feat that a show was able to exceptionally portray themes of growing up and taking on the world after highschool. Showing such a daunting period of our lives that’s typically portrayed as daunting in a more optimistic light. This is a show that gets better with each rewatch. During my initial viewing I was perplexed by all the various ...
UPDATE: 2/7/24 AFTER BECOMING A COMEDY/SHOUNEN PATRICIAN MY OPINION OF THIS GUNDAM INSTALLMENT PUTS IT NECK AND NECK WITH ZETA AS MY FAV GUNDAM. That being said I have otherwise kept this review the exact same as when I originally wrote it, which was long before I posted it to MAL, and the rating of 10 I originally gave it, remains! Enjoy~. . Saying I was left aghast after the ending of Zeta is an understatement. I thought what a tragic, and non-glamorous way to depict war. Murdering the innocent, using the lives of family as blackmail, backstabbing, making brash decisions in the heat of the moment. ...
Not that it has much to do with the review itself but figured it was worth pointing out, this was the first anime film I’ve ever watched. Not that I recall much of what that experience was like as I was in diapers and barely a year old, and it was through a VHS, which I’m sure my family is still in possession of. Anyways, it goes without saying that this film is a classic in every sense of the word. Being a Ghibli film directed by Miyazaki, this should go without saying. But what exactly makes this film such a classic and is it ...
What do you get when you combine gundam, intergalactic warfare, idols, giants, and a harem? Super Dimension Fortress Macross. Until doing my research after I had finished watching this show, I had no idea that this was a beloved series known in the west as “Robotech”. Never looked into any of the other series from this franchise, so my experience with macross and robotech starts and ends with SDFM at the time of writing this. With that said, is this anime from 1982 still worth your time four decades later?. . Short answer is yes, but really. How many series are able to juggle a love triangle, ...
this is my first review on an anime, and this i what i gotta to say about it. this chinese anime it can be very enjoyible, only for people who just love watching anime for the fun, and want to waste some time. it's a goofy anime with some good jokes and quike paced and even some romance, i can't really recomand this to critics. the story is simple but very rushsed the comady can either be a hit or miss, there is not really any character develpment, there are alot of plot holes in the story. but even tho with these flaws it can ...
Put simply, this show is great, harrowing and so much fun to watch! From the beautiful late 90s visuals/artstyle that I absolutely adore, to its exciting combat, and the batch of unique characters that come and go throughout the series. This show hits so many right notes for me personally. What drew me to Outlaw Star initially was a combination of the character designs/artstyle and the fluidity of the animation. After seeing the gruesome battle in episode 1 at the bar between Gene Starwind and some ruffian, I just knew I had to watch the whole thing. And from that moment on, the entire show ...
Mute, deaf, and weak, characteristics that have diddly-squat with being a king. These are the traits given to our main protagonist Bojji-sama. Next to inherit the throne after the late Bosse-Sama. A world renown giant, famous for being the strongest entity to ever live. You can only imagine the torment our protagonist has to go through to fill in the giant shoes his father left for him, pun intended. And with that being said, I think this is one of the most unique premises to be conceptualized in a long time. Like most, I was initially thrown off by the artstyle and I had already ...
There is no other anime that manages to make me feel as uncomfortable and as if I’m being read like an open book quite like Paranoia Agent. I picked up this anime solely on promotional art looking cool, having no prior knowledge about it. I had no clue it would be one of the most creative, daunting, and psychologically terrifying shows I’ve ever seen. Though despite its horror and ambiguous nature, the message it gets across is ultimately one of self-empowerment. How can a series that’s a thriller first and foremost have one of the most potent messages of all time?. . I was immediately drawn in ...
Working on a project that you just can’t seem to get off the ground? Maybe you’re struggling with a bout of writer’s block. Or maybe you feel as if you’ve lost your creative edge. Fear not, because this recommendation is coming piping hot with imagination, straight off the stove. It’s the be all and end all cure for creative stagnation. Each time I watch this series I feel like I’ve been slapped in the face and told to get off my ass and get started on making my dreams a reality. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the review where I answer the question, is Keep ...
The Boshin War left 8,200 killed and 5,000+ wounded people in its path. A truly devastating statistic that undoubtedly left ten times more that number impacted by the events. A war that was started over the dissatisfaction felt by many samurai and Japanese noblemen on how the shogunate handled trade issues when they opened Japan's trade to other countries, and the increase in Western influence on their economy. The series Rurouni Kenshin gives us a glimpse into the era that followed. Through the eyes of Kenshin, formerly the deadliest assassin during the war fighting for the Meiji government, now turning a new leaf, vowing never ...
I’m writing this from the perspective of someone who had no idea this series had anything to do with super sentai, tokusatsu, Kamen Rider, or local heroes. Hell I didn’t even know what any of that was until after finishing the show. So I ended up learning something from a show I thought I could otherwise turn my brain off while watching. And with that said, you don’t even need to know any of that stuff either to enjoy this show. Would it help further your enjoyment? Yeah sure, especially with the last episode and all the narrators/cameos for each episode, but not necessary in ...
I won’t lie, I picked up this series before the original series. In retrospect I understand how absurd that is. Trust me, I am thoroughly embarrassed by having admitted that. But this was recommended to me, and I watched the first episode on a whim. Much to my surprise, by the time the episode finished I was not only in shock, but thoroughly confused. Not so much by the plot, but because of how erratic characters were from the start, specifically that Kamille kid. I thought this kid’s actions were so violent and over the top. “This kid had to have had trauma from an ...
Samurai Champloo is a one of a kind anime, in my opinion, it’s one of the best. I was not one of the many who first experienced this as it aired outside of Japan in 2005 on Toonami. In fact, I was barely four years old and the only anime I had experience with at that point were Pokemon and Kiki’s Delivery Service on VHS, but I digress. Upon getting more into the medium in my mid to late teens, I kept hearing the name Samurai Champloo. I always thought, “what a peculiar name.” and with such a name it always stuck with me. Sooner ...
Ah, the Abenobashi Shopping Mall Arcade. I remember my initial run in with this series as an adolescent-child at a friend's house. Despite being only in elementary school, my friend managed to have a copy of this DVD in his possession. This was back when paying twenty dollars for a DVD containing only three or so episodes was the norm. But I digress, even at a young age, though my face was beet-red during all of Mune-Mune’s scenes, I still noted the elasticity of the characters, the warm vibe, and varied artstyle this show had. I was eager to continue watching this other-worldly show as ...
They say that someone who is unassuming is quiet, displaying no desire for attention or admiration. To some, being called such may be taken as an insult. However my intention with saying that phrase is always a compliment. And there is no show more deserving of the title, “Most unassuming anime of all time” than Samurai Flamenco. I heard someone mention this series in passing on a message board as one of their all time favorites. This interested me because this was a series I’d never heard of before. And upon downloading and watching the first episode or so, I thought the characters and their ...
I am not one for binge watching, I think in order to get the best experience out of anything you have to enjoy it at your own pace. And for me, that’s usually three to five episodes a day, maybe a handful of chapters. I understand that this doesn’t apply to everyone. In fact I’d say most people who frequently watch shows through streaming services would strongly disagree with me. However this was a series where I broke my own rule. I could not put down the show thanks to its combination of high brow humor, low brow humor, amazing character dynamics/relationships, superb animation, spectacular ...
There is no piece of media that is equal parts heartwarming, badass, goofy, and sad as GTO. I picked up this series on the account that I thought Onizuka looked cool on the cover. I’m easily sold when it comes to anime and manga that deal with delinquents who have bleached hair. I had no idea that after I’d finished my watching experience, that I’d change my life for the better. For an anime to send the viewers on their way with something they might carry with them for the rest of their lives is quite the impact to leave. And I’m proud to admit ...
Out of the ordinary artstyle compared to the other stuff that's airing nowadays (reminds me a bit of darker than black), interesting characters that don't follow the usual tropes, hard to predict what's going to happen next, very fitting voice acting, great humor and a so far decently interesting story.. . I think the main draws to this show are the whacky characters, the absolute randomness of every event that unfolds and the characters reactions to it.. . It's a weird mix of brutality and dead pan humor. I guess that combination isn't many peoples cup of tea, hence the shitty score here on MAL. Pity, great show ...
This is my first impression of Tokyo Mew Mew since I didn't grow up with the original anime or manga. It's not a boundary breaking series and has every trope typical of 2000s-era magical girl media, yet I still found it engaging. The characters each have their own charm and unique personalities. I found Quiche particularly entertaining as an antagonist and look forward to seeing more of him in the second season. The music stood out to me right away and I constantly get the opening stuck in my head. The only issue I have with this adaptation is the animation. It's very simple which ...
Mushoku Tensei II: Isekai Ittara Honki Dasu was a really fun ride despite the slower pace this took from previous seasons. I liked that this was more character focused even if I found there to be less standout moments than previous iterations. Was really cool to see a few reveals as this went on and I thought the rather goofy overarching character moment of this season worked kinda well lol.. . The animation was stellar as usual and it was exciting to see Rudeus' development as the episodes went on, it seems next season will push the story much further which is super hype and I can't ...
Its aight.. . Would've preferred an anime adaption of the the first game; Onimusha: Warlords. Game is beyond peak and def was ahead of time. The synopsis of this anime claims to be in the Sengoku era, meaning that I believe this anime series in the same timeline as the other game series, most likely in the early 1600s of the Sengoku Era since the first game; Onimusha: Warlords, is set in the 1560s.. . *The Sengoku Era is known to have started and ended between 1467 and 1615, and the other game series slowly span out to the late 1500s in the same timeline.. . In terms of an ...
Story: 10. Animation: 10. Sound: 10. Characters: 10. Enjoyment: 10. . Total: 10. . It is hard to undersell this masterpiece. Especially the theming around the cycle of hatred comes up all the time and is handled beautifully. Furthermore, the source was treated with respect and care. The animation is top-notch and impresses almost constantly. Sure, there are some minor issues, but the good outweigh the bad 1000-fold. In a similar fashion lies the sound design. Minute details are cared towards, especially in regional stuff like the German police sirens.. However, there still doesn't seem to be a German advisor in Japan. While the major things were written correctly, most of the short ...
I'll preface this by saying I very rarely ever write reviews, but since so few people have commented on the show so far, want to throw in my 2 cents in hopes it would be helpful to someone looking for a show to watch.. . Now this is how you do a low-budget adaptation. Despite obviously having very little to work with, all the characters look amazing designwise, the backgrounds are incredibly beautiful, and the action scenes, while not amazing, are at least passable and get the point across. And I should mention, Belgrieve is one of the best father figures I've ever seen across all ...
Bungou Stray Dogs continue their climb towards higher quality, thanks to once again all but removing the useless Atsushi from the picture.. . . Animation / Art / General Visuals - 9/10. -----------------------------------------------. . The show continues to look great. Great scenery art and solid action animations.. . . Sound / Music / Voice Acting - 9/10. ...
This goes for all seasons! Believe it or not, I picked this show up solely because I thought it had a cool sounding name. Little did I know that it’d leave such a profound impact on me. Not just on me though, but also my philosophy, my ideals and how I carry myself. Though by the point I’d picked up this series I’d already shared a mindset similar to that of the bodybuilding club in it. I nonetheless felt vindicated that this series was able to artistically convey the message of setting your mind to achieve anything you set out to do, as well as ...
Nothing transcends the anime medium like Space☆Dandy. And after accumulating many space operas under my belt, my high opinion of Space Dandy hasn’t faltered. Infinite Ryvius, Legend of the Galactic Heroes, Mobile Suit Gundam, SDF-Macross, all rank as some of my all time favorite shows, yet none of them feel like an out of body experience in the same way Dandy does. You see, many space operas do a great job at being just that, space operas. An epic story with grand battles and more intergalactic love-drama than one could muster. However, few of them go beyond feeling like just another space opera, even if ...
This goes for all seasons of natsume, also can't wait for the new SEASON! anyways, There is not a single episode of this series that doesn’t make me tear up. By the end of each episode I have been thoroughly beaten to a bloody pulp by the feels gang. With my heart being so warmed up by the graceful nature of the show, my entire body’s temperature begins to rise. Natsume’s Yuujinchou is a series that manages to heal and satisfy me as if I’m a yokai having their name read by Natsume himself. This is a show I never tire of, as the experience ...
I came to Initial D after having watched the first epiode of MF Ghost and learned that it was a sequel. Until very recently, I was never into mechanics, racing, speed, cars or even wheels. You do not care, but this shows that such an anime can have a very strong appeal (and Wangan Midnight after it) on even this kind of audience.. Basically, the whole plot is : "Okay guys, let's see who's the best street racer around here and… who's this youngster with that old car?". It's paper-thin, but it manages to deliver a very straightforward story, good characters, passion, and loads of adrenaline ...
Very wacky, obscure and short OVA. Some kind of magical girl/ mecha/ comedy/ whatever.. . I was surprised by the art design, although female characters look pretty weird. Animation was above average for a hentai from this era. Sex scenes are taken kinda seriously, surprisingly. They don't add anything to the plot so you can just skip them.. . Overall, it wasn't laugh-out-loud funny, but it's quite entertaining otherwise. The story and character development feel like just an afterthought. Unexpected wholesome ending.. . Actually, everything about this anime is unexpected. This is the kind of creative freedom that only existed in 90s adult anime. And that is why you should ...
This anime offers the sense of uncertainty result of gamble. Many types of interesting gambles are performed by the characters where some of them are uncommon Some of these games can also be done in reality with a few adjustments. The author has an amazing talent because each character has unique characteristic. Cunning, deceitful, and mad people can be seen in the episodes. Some events contain unexpected result of a card game which amuse the viewers.. . The emotions of characters are too exaggerated, but they are unique. Thanks to the studio, every emotion is animated well. Also, it is recommended anime for viewers who like psychology ...
Life-changing. Ping Pong, a sport where two to four players hit a lightweight ball, also known as the ping-pong ball, back and forth across a net on a table using small solid rackets. That’s the definition according to wikipedia at least. But this series begs to differ by transcending that definition. Not only for ping pong, but for sports as a whole. No series has ever kept me as emotionally entranced as Ping Pong. I’ve yet to come across a series that can swoon me over with its dynamic characters, dilemmas, growth and presentation as this one. You don’t need me to tell you that, ...
(English Translated Essay). Pluto is a thriller work with a difficult challenge in its plot: defining the transition of a non-human animated being towards humanity, therefore, it must define the human too. This not only makes it a work of thriller, but also a treatise on ontology. It is a sincere work, it does not allow itself to be consumed by pretensions or fears, it allows itself to be seduced by the message. Pluto, compared to other works by the same author, is short, and it is surprising that in such a short time he can achieve such memorable characters. The relationship with music is ...
When I went to the cinema and watched Suzume for the first time, I left with the distinct feeling that this was Shinkai's second best work to date - not quite the level of perfection reached by Your Name, but close.. I also left feeling overwhelmed by how much had happened in these two hours, however not in a bad way, just an "it will take a couple more watches to wrap my mind around what he's done here" way.. So I first gave it a 9/10, my main point of criticism being that the plot structure is pretty much the same as in his previous two ...
It's so bad that it is good and people mistake having a guilty pleasure as a good show- still has crap writing power fantasy is never gonna be good from a writing perspective, only One has handled powerful characters well.. . I enjoyed the show cause the author thought it was a good idea to write a story like this, and there is nothing wrong with it but I will still laugh at this crap of a show. It was true to what it was- shit! that's why the show was enjoyable. If you have been watching anime for a while and got used to the stories, ...
Wangan Midnight chronicles the lives of people whose passion for speed, street racing, and tuning is reignited by the return of a legendary car on the wangan, which is the part of the highway that runs alongside the coastline outside of Tokyo. And nothing else, really. The passion for race cars is palpable throughout the anime and as far as the protagonists are concerned, every scene is related to that passion and to the impact that legendary car had on them, as well as the life-altering choices they make or not after that.. . I insist on the fact that it is more a chronicle than a ...
Hunter x Hunter (2011) is a shonen anime that follows the adventures of Gon Freecss, a young boy who dreams of becoming a Hunter, a licensed professional who can track down rare treasures, explore uncharted territories, and take on dangerous missions. Gon sets out on his journey to find his father, Ging, who is a legendary Hunter himself.. . Hunter x Hunter is a well-rounded anime that excels in many areas. The story is complex and engaging, with a wide variety of arcs that range from lighthearted and comedic to dark and suspenseful. The characters are well-developed and relatable, with their unique personalities and motivations. The animation ...
This anime comes as a pleasant surprise as it cleverly uses Shogi as a tool to delve into delicate and complex situations. If you're a fan of anime that challenges you to think and reflect, this work is an outstanding choice.. . First and foremost, the emotional depth of this anime is unparalleled. It delves into complex themes such as loneliness, depression, and the struggles of life with incredible sensitivity and insight. As you follow the main character, Kiriyama Rei, on his journey, you'll witness the beauty of human connection and personal growth.. . The character development in this series is exceptional. Each character, from Rei to the Kawamoto ...
This anime is something special. I had my expectations raised going in, and I would say that it still exceeded them.. . I'll start with the obvious: this series looks gorgeous. While I don't think the OP is anything to write home about (actually a bit frustrated that it spoiled some pivotal scenes), the animation of each episode is top notch, making every minute a visual treat. Each of the characters are well-designed, both evoking Astro Boy (in more ways than one) and Monster (also in more ways than one).. . I think this series is at its best in two respects: it's exploration of what I'll call "robomanity" ...
When life gets tough, when I am wrapped in darkness and it seems like there is no way I can continue going forward. When it hurts and it seems like any kind of healing won´t work. Even when I am against the whole universe. I will return to this show. I will remember all its glory, its soul and I will be reminded what to fight for.. I won´t give in, I won´t stop trying to continue. I will grab destiny with my own hands and forge a path that I shall walk on. This is my way, the way I want to live. No, this is ...
Captain Harlock Arcadia of My Youth: SSX Endless Orbit. This review covers my thoughts of my rewatch of a dramatic legendary sci-fi space opera. Interwoven stories of loss, hope, and rebellion set the stage for the Captain Harlock crew. There are battles waged in the name of masculine honor, love, and above all freedom from opression in their search for Arcadia, a planet without war, and also the namesake for their space battleship.. . I think this is a good ease into the Harlock franchise due to its much lighter tone and less grounded science-fiction themes. Alternatively, the very same elements hit fast and heavy in the darker ...
Perfect in every way, for what it was aiming for.. . The atmosphere alone won me over. Everything's bleak, in disrepair, nobody's around and hope's nowhere to be found. Despite all that, you have to keep going. Not unlike our everyday lives, no matter our personal situation or experiences. The anime however doesn't try to hide the fact this world is long gone. Ther are no messages about humanity's potential and the only time life is valued is towards the very end. Much like Turn A Gundam, the approach is "Look at how much destruction humanity is capable of causing; maybe we should get along instead ...
This anime is missing a "comedy" tag. There's a scene in this show where the protagonist german supplexes a 250kg bear in front of his classmates and nobody has any questions. If that doesn't sell you on the premise of the show, then I don't know what will.. . If you want something that is half competently written, don't watch this. If you want a show where the cast has any personality at all, don't watch this. If you want to laugh a show because it is so bad on every possible level that it's almost amazing, you should give this one a chance.. . Every scene in ...
Hanako and everyone returned for four episodes of short stories culminating in a Halloween-themed episode and it was nice to see everyone again. Each episode had a good mix of silliness and horror. The animation was also the right mix of cute with a touch of creepy. It made me miss the main anime especially since prior knowledge of characters and world is necessarily to really enjoy these shorts.. . If you're looking for something that mixes drama and comedy together like in the regular storyline, you'll be disappointed. Everything's a bit lighter and sillier in this anime. If you've never watched or Read Hanako-kun before, ...
TLDR : All in all an 8/10 for Slime Isekai lovers ig.. . I Haven't read the source materials or anything but if you loved/liked the previous seasons of Slime Isekai then you will definitely enjoy these 3 episodes. But the question does rise why they are animating such unrelated filler material type content when they can spend the same resources to just continue the proper main storyline.. We get to see Rimuru, soei and benimaru in action and glimpses of Rimuru's wolf Ranga. Good pacing and a more or less well coherent story that spans 3 episodes well.. The new characters introduced do seem one dimensional ...
Urusei Yatsura is just a really fun and hilarious anime and I don’t have much to say unlike a lot of other anime. For an anime adaptation of Rumikos first manga, it was really well done. Lum is a really solid and cute character, Atari starts off annoying but becomes a better character later on, Shinobu is awesome and she’s one of my favorites, oyuki, Benten, ran, Ryunosuke, and the other girls I love, Mendo is really funny, and I really like ton. Really the only character I didn’t like was Ryunosukes dad. The songs are bops and I listen to them regularly, and there’s ...
